" Hell yeah . . That and Vietnamese coffee boy that whole crack in a cup"
" : Today, a Vietnamese rapper has insulted words about BlackPink and Jisoo. He used vulgar and disrespectful words to our"
" : Help us report this account, He is a Vietnamese rapper who used vulgar words to Blackpink Jisoo. Send his profile url an"
" Vietnamese soldiers: *heavy breathing*"
"Help us report this account, He is a Vietnamese rapper who used vulgar words to Blackpink Jisoo. Send his profile u "
" : Thanks to Roll'd Vietnamese for being a delicious addition to today's #community lunch! "
" : maids please report the account below, a Vietnamese rapper who harassed jisoo before#JISOO #RESPECTJISOO://t.co/2Yv"
" : We are Fan Vietnamese!!!! we hope  will come back to Vietnam. We always support Babe...  "
"Nieuw onderzoek naar uit azc's verdwenen Vietnamese kinderen "
" : reminder that southeast asian and pacific islander women, along with Black and indigenous women, are one of the least pai"
"maids please report the account below, a Vietnamese rapper who harassed jisoo before#JISOO #RESPECTJISOO "
"Aujourd'hui para au Canada la version anglaise du livre Le secret des vietnamiennes de  : Secrets "
" : Vietnamese woman accused of killing Kim Jong Un brother has been sentenced to three years and four months in prison - but"
"Citizenship For Seniors Taught In Vietnamese begins at 9:00am at Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Library. "
" He is Rich Choi, a Vietnamese rapper. He had done a lot of bad things, include burn the books &amp; notebooks "
"  I Vietnamese and this upsets me"
" : LATEST: Malaysia judge sentences Vietnamese woman Doan Thi Huong to 3 years and 4 months in prison for lesser charge in Kim Jon"
" A totally unnecessary Democrats' War that killed tens of thousands of Americans and hundreds of thous "
"Tweet translated to Klingon, Latvian, Quer Otomi, Kiswahili, Vietnamese, Klingon, Urdu, Tongan, Icelandic, Swe "
"TransCycle: Vietnamese, Hausa, Latin, Igbo, Yoruba, Maltese, Armenian, Chinese (Traditional), Ukrainian"
"Vietnamese woman accused of killing North Korean leader's brother accepts plea deal "
"make some fool stuff :))))'ve played a quiz like dis [the first pic]  --&gt; and I drew a short :)))sorry because i "
" : [  ] Son Tung M-TP far um feat com o rapper Jay Park !!! foram reveladas mais informa, Jay Park seguiu o Instagram"
" : My inner Vietnamese child just shed a single tear. Life could been so easy if I knew this. "
" : Despite the different paths we took in high school, we had a strong connection last names sounded like mine. We all were"
"when will that vietnamese rapper accept my follow request so i can spam his dms and tell him to apologize to jisoo "
"Despite the different paths we took in high school, we had a strong connection last names sounded like mine. "
" : wtf a vietnamese rapper used vulgar and disrespectful words about jisoo when blackpink can just end his career (if he even h"
" : A Vietnamese rapper harasses Jisoo with obscene words said :This guy masturbates wth Jisoo photo.Your family followe"
" : WHAT THE HELL CAN WE REPO THAT VIETNAMESE RAPPER THAT INSULTED AND USED VULGAR WORDS TO JISOO? GOSHHHHH THIS IS SO DIS"
"   I don't know much about him. He is reported by vietnamese blinks right now. "
" : Harbers: nieuw onderzoek verdwenen Vietnamese jongeren "
"Tug Table qu hay, mau v ch ! "
" : Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain | Global development | The Guardian https"
"Harbers: nieuw onderzoek verdwenen Vietnamese jongeren "
"WHAT THE HELL CAN WE REPO THAT VIETNAMESE RAPPER THAT INSULTED AND USED VULGAR WORDS TO JISOO? GOSHHHHH THIS IS S "
" : Will #NorthKorea try to assassinate the #Indonesian &amp; #Vietnamese women linked to #KimJongNam murder?#SitiAisyah was placed"
"A Vietnamese rapper harasses Jisoo with obscene words said :This guy masturbates wth Jisoo photo.Your family "
"wtf a vietnamese rapper used vulgar and disrespectful words about jisoo when blackpink can just end his career (if "
" : A Vietnamese rapper has insulted Jisoo. Do not hurt my girl. #protectjisoo "
"Will #NorthKorea try to assassinate the #Indonesian &amp; #Vietnamese women linked to #KimJongNam murder?#SitiAisyah "
"suddenly im not vietnamese "
" :  Vietnamese tea?"
" Vietnamese tea?"
"A Vietnamese rapper has insulted Jisoo. Do not hurt my girl. #protectjisoo "
" : Did you know  offers the services of approximately 400 trained contractors representing fluency in 75 languages"
"That vietnamese rapper disgusts me. The disrespect. Really "
"Vietnamese defendant in Kim Jong Nam trial may walk free next month after plea deal Vietnamese woman accused of "
" Lijkt me wat na, wordt waarschijnlijk gefaciliteerd door hier al gesettelde vietnamese gemeenschap. Vietnam "
"This vietnamese guy better start hiding"
"mga fliptop bois talaga na to, pag wala ng mabanat ang mga bobong utak dadaaan nalang sa kabastosan ang pagsagot sa "
" : Vietnamese Immigrants in the United States | "
"Vietnamese defendant in Kim Jong Nam trial may walk free next month after plea deal "
"Lees Nieuw onderzoek naar verdwenen Vietnamese kinderen uit asielzoekerscentra op Nieuwsblik - "
"Vietnamese Immigrants in the United States | "
"Harbers: nieuw onderzoek verdwenen Vietnamese jongeren /via  "
"ig acc of the vietnamese rapper who trashed jisoo !!!! "
"Kh (Vietnamese)"
" : In antwoord op mijn mondelinge vragen zegt  toe het Expertisecentrum Mensenhandel onderzoek te laten doen na"
"[ A VIETNAMESE RAPPER INSULTED JISOO AND KPOP FANS ]                   So theres a rapper call  have had "
"Murder Charge Dropped Against Vietnamese Woman Doan Thi Huong In Death Of Kim Jong Un's Half-Brother "
" : Harbers: nieuw onderzoek verdwenen Vietnamese jongeren.://t.co/6WFOpoOARP"
"the vietnamese gfs from the bachelor (bachelorette?) are really living that happily ever after dream"
"I've made these Vietnamese fresh veggies rolls, filled with rice noodles, avocado, blanched carrots, asparagus, chi "
" : 10 years listening to the #voices of Vietnamese #citizens. Governance and Public Administration Index #PAPI19"
"Absolute territory, Vietnamese death triangle, apollos or Adonis belt there all absolutley op "
" : humanstuck #chixie in a vietnamese ao dai! this is referenced off a pic of me in my own ao dai  "
"  Somebody will be along shortly to tell you you know nothing and AR stands for Armalite not A "
"I was craving #vietnamese so I decided to pickle some vegetables and make my own pan fried duck Banh Mi. Delicious "
"Lees Harbers: nieuw onderzoek verdwenen Vietnamese jongeren op Nieuwsblik - "
"This is a very easy item to make ahead and have on stand by for anything from lunches to cold and flu relief. "
""
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain #lostineurope"
"Harbers: nieuw onderzoek verdwenen Vietnamese jongeren #depolitiek #politiek #verkiezingen"
"Harbers: nieuw onderzoek verdwenen Vietnamese jongeren.://t.co/DYvzH1YFWB komt een nieuw onderzoek naar "
"Vietnamese Beef Lettuce Wraps Bring your appetite because these Vietnamese Beef Lettuce Wraps are packed with flavo "
" : Vietnamese customs have seized over nine tonnes of ivory found in a container shipment from the Republic of Congo, thought to be"
"Did you know  offers the services of approximately 400 trained contractors representing fluency in 75 l "
"In antwoord op mijn mondelinge vragen zegt  toe het Expertisecentrum Mensenhandel onderzoek te laten do "
" : Manchester's food and drink haven Hatch will TREBLE in size this summer - with a double-decker bus serving Vietnamese foo"
"Harbers: nieuw onderzoek verdwenen Vietnamese jongeren | #gemeente "
"Vietnamese man who overstayed in Singapore for over 10 years gets jail, caning "
"   Google trans works very well na. And thank you for replying in Vietnamese na phi "
"Will North Korea try to assassinate Doan Thi Huong and Siti Aisyah, the Vietnamese and Indonesian linked to Kim Jon "
"Yes. It called  Human in Chinese or Vietnamese ( or L ng). Trying to be ALWAYS Neutral AND Invisibl "
"Harbers: nieuw onderzoek verdwenen Vietnamese jongeren"
" : T h t nh ch tr Phan Kim Kh v nh ho  L Anh H 88 Project, ti Vi l D  88 v ng 1"
" : #1THE9 Wonderland Episode 2 now has subtitles in English and Turkish, while the behind has subtitles in English, tradition"
" Correction, : Conor McGregor wants to pick a fight with Mark Wahlberg  a guy who, not too "
" : FULL TIME: #HanoiFC 0-1 !  have the upset of the day in the  as Myanmar National League champions"
"Vietnamese illegal in Taiwan surrenders "
" : Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain | Global development | The Guardian"
"The Vietnamese and Indonesian women will never truly be free, experts warn - they could be targeted by North Korean "
"Brad Dacus discussing religious liberty concerns with prominent Vietnamese leaders. reach out to Brad or have h "
"Mark your calendars: Vietnamese singer and activist Mai Khoi is performing in NYC! Get your tickets now for the Che "
"We are Fan Vietnamese!!!! we hope  will come back to Vietnam. We always support Babe...  "
" : On meeting Vietnamese fans after a long time "
"Vietnamese Buddhists send 20 tonnes of food to Mozambique for storm victims "
"#live #news 02/04/2019: Tin t bu s  m v   xem: "
"Harbers: nieuw onderzoek verdwenen Vietnamese jongeren.://t.co/6WFOpoOARP"
"De staatssecretaris zet echter het Expertisecentrum Mensenhandel en Mensensmokkel aan het werk om de verdwijningen "
" : #Jisoo C g c ch ta b x ph b m rapper c t L  report vid  youtube "
"   Do u have Vietnamese admin? "
"FULL TIME: #HanoiFC 0-1 !  have the upset of the day in the  as Myanmar National League c "
"Sometimes I feel like Vietnamese teams bever respect games at either  or "
" : #Jisoo C g c ch ta b x ph b m rapper c t L  report vid  youtube "
"Harbers: nieuw onderzoek verdwenen Vietnamese jongeren "
" : YALL I JUST WATCHED THIS MOVIE AND HOLY SHIT FEMALE LEAD. HER DAUGHTER iS KIDNAPPED AND SHE FUCKING GOES ALL OUT"
"Will North Korea try to assassinate Doan Thi Huong and Siti Aisyah, the Vietnamese and Indonesian linked to Kim Jon "
"THANKS TO MASTER-NIM FOR PRECIOUS PHOTOS  OUT WITH FULL CREDIT  NOT EDIT OR CUT LOGO  HQs BELONG TO OWN "
"Trying my version of vietnamese coffee. "
" : a Vietnamese rapper who offended Jisoo's honor, I hope YG will handle this incident! This rapper is in Hanoi "
"Other than Thailand, Vietnamese cuisine is my favourite in Southeast Asia! Here are 10 must try dishes beyond the u "
"Moments before his demise American spy earns trust of Vietnamese revolutionary before betraying her trust, causing "
" : Did we mention we have a pho station at our Taste of Hanoi Vietnamese lunch buffet? Only available from April 8-13, 2019 at"
"Waarom asiel verlenen aan Vietnamezen? Vietnam geen veilig land? naar eigen land. het daar uit. "
" :  Vietnamese Silky Straight 100% Raw Hair #BundleDeal + #Closure Limited Supply at this #ClearanceSale price!://t"
" : Our Club is excited to begin meeting at our new Tuesday lunch location today! 12:15pm-1:30pm. Thanks to Chu Ngo for acc"
" : Vietnamese  said to buy another 26 new narrow-body  aircraft valued at $6.3 billion, on list prices"
"#Jisoo C g c ch ta b x ph b m rapper c t L  report vid  youtube "
" : [#JimInNews] 190401's Main Page Life Section Jimin's fan dance during 2018 MMA is creating a worldwide craze. Rece"
"a Vietnamese rapper who offended Jisoo's honor, I hope YG will handle this incident! This rapper is in Hanoi "
" : Cmdr.-in-Thief promised secretive better universal healthcare like Nixon promised a secret plan to end the war. How that w"
"Cmdr.-in-Thief promised secretive better universal healthcare like Nixon promised a secret plan to end the war. How "
"irl sent me a video of a Vietnamese guy cutting his balls wide open then pushing it out in the dirt....im about to "
"Remember these Vietnamese Pastors in your prayers. "
"   Or lost to Vietnamese farmers."
"via : Murder Charge Dropped Against Vietnamese Woman In Death Of Kim Jong Un's Half-Brother "
"Liked on YouTube: Learn Vietnamese for travelers #7: At the restaurant | Vietlingo "
"Murder Charge Dropped Against Vietnamese Woman In Death Of Kim Jong Un's Half-Brother "
"Just grabbed a quick lunch and my favourite Vietnamese, looks a mess but tasty  food tends to. , so cheap "
"Wat doen  en vooral hoe komen Vietnamese kinderen hier in Nederland, dat zou de opdracht moeten zijn ! "
"Small Surgery room for Vietnamese military at #cu_chi_tunnels #vietnam #sakbah_travelers 2019     "
"bright, juicy, crunchy . Vietnamese-Style Chicken "
"Onderzoek naar verdwijnen Vietnamese kinderen uit beschermde opvang een onzinnig onderzoek en dus weggegooid belast "
" Hate to use this comparison but it like the US in Vietnam and asking the South Vietnamese to help even "
"Vietnamese, Cambodian religious officials hold talks: Head of Vietnam Government "
" : Fascinating conference on genocide hosted by Documentation Center Cambodia this morning, including a spirited discussi"
"  people always think i Vietnamese or Chinese- i no where near Asian jsjsjs"
"Vietnamese apparel hits higher gear 2018, the export turnover of garments and textiles was $36.2 billion and ra "
" And watch how Vietnamese Buddhist Fought and defeated American empire soldier, How Japanese Buddhist w "
" : One of the women accused of killing Kim Jong-un half brother was set free this week. But the other, Doan Thi Huong, wil"
" : A Vietnamese woman accused of using a nerve agent to kill Kim Jong-un's half brother was sentenced to 40 months after she"
" Bongiornos on Dove st. If it still open. If not, Van on Central Ave- Vietnamese. I in Albany for 6 yrs "
" : The #2020Census will collect responses in 13 languages: Creole"
"Interesting to note that there are genetic variants in hemophilia. "
" Pasalubong ses. Burat ng Vietnamese"
"Our Club is excited to begin meeting at our new Tuesday lunch location today! 12:15pm-1:30pm. Thanks to Chu Ngo for "
"Ha, een nieuw 'tweede' onderzoek... het eerste onder leiding van Vincent Leenders is blijkbaar 'mislukt'...  DE OND "
" : Great answers. If these people (young people or not) knew that mostly the 1st generation of Vietnamese Boat People is anti-Com"
"  Similar in my family (Chinese/Vietnamese) where culturally small dainty features are "
" : How delicious does our Banh Xeo (Vietnamese Pancake) look? , pork, beansprouts and spring onions in a rice-flour"
"Samples of the tunnels at #cu_chi_tunnels in #vietnam that were used by Vietnamese during the civil war "
" Pink Vietnamese shrimp fajita hot dogs are pretty good."
"Korean slow cooked pork and  Kimchi Taco and vietnamese Bahn Mi Taco. some of our very popular dishes  We simply "
"retweet if you want to win a Vietnamese"
" : Er komt een onafhankelijk onderzoek naar het verdwijnen van Vietnamese kinderen uit de beschermde opvang in Nederland https"
"Today, a Vietnamese rapper has insulted words about BlackPink and Jisoo. He used vulgar and disrespectful words t "
" Vandaag in het vragenuurtje in de 2e Kamer ook een item over 60 verdwenen Vietnamese kinderen. DENK vo "
"54' - Penalty for #HanoiFC!  Faye has won a penalty kick here for the Vietnamese club going down in the box u "
"HIGURASHI VIETNAMESE CRYSTAL"
"BBC News Ti Vi - Nh Tr   l tr l th n? "
" : A Vietnamese woman suspected of assassinating the North Korean leader half-brother accepted a lesser charge Monday a"
"reminder that southeast asian and pacific islander women, along with Black and indigenous women, are one of the lea "
" : MSN192 just took off from Paris Orly, bound for Toulouse as VN1. can follow VN-A896  on this short hop at"
"How delicious does our Banh Xeo (Vietnamese Pancake) look? , pork, beansprouts and spring onions in a rice- "
"Easily translate text, words and sentences from Vietnamese to Chinese and from Chinese to Vietnamese language."
" : Hai sesiapa tak beli vietnamese rice rolls dekat entrep carnival amatlah rugi ya kalau takmau beli ya terserahhhh https:"
"Vietnamese Beef Lettuce Wraps "
"Vietnamese Beef Lettuce Wraps "
"'Het verdwijnen van Vietnamese kinderen uit de beschermde opvang ("
"Vietnamese Beef Lettuce Wraps "
"Vietnamese Chicken Meatballs://t.co/3FlOf581Ou#recette #recepee, #repas #instamiam #food #alimentation "
" : Q: Describe RoCo in a few words.: Rowan County is an area that exhibits innovation &amp; creativity while maintaining the comf"
" i am picturing a vietnamese man of mystery "
" : Hot Off The Wires:  Vietnam woman in N. Korea murder case accepts new charge, likely to walk free A Vietnamese woman su"
"Samples of US army ballistics bombs collected by Vietnamese in#Vietnam #cu_chi_tunnels thrown during civil war "
"Er komt een onafhankelijk onderzoek naar het verdwijnen van Vietnamese kinderen uit de beschermde opvang in Nederla "
"#Jisoo C g c ch ta b x ph b m rapper c t L  report vid  youtube "
"Joe Biden b c c bu 'h vi kh  m v ph n' "
"Lees Onderzoek naar verdwijnen Vietnamese kinderen uit beschermde opvang op Nieuwsblik - "
"Myra Tran, Vietnamese Contestant of American Idol, Eliminated at Top 40. "
"Nieuw onderzoek naar verdwijning Vietnamese kinderen "
"  C l "
"I miss pho, banh mi, com, banh cuon, che, ca phe sua da. Can I even be considered Vietnamese anymore?"
" : #FakeLoveto500M .1M n th  11 ng n ANH NH COMEBACK  gi em n tr th MV th 3 c N T tr"
"Hot Off The Wires:  Vietnam woman in N. Korea murder case accepts new charge, likely to walk free A Vietnamese woma "
"Er komt een onafhankelijk onderzoek naar het verdwijnen van Vietnamese kinderen uit de beschermde opvang in Nederla "
" Oh man and the Vietnamese dong mist be making you crazy with it's exchange rates"
" hint: it was always great. Other than all the bloody wars we faught against Indians blacks Japanese Vietna "
"Er komt een onafhankelijk onderzoek naar het verdwijnen van Vietnamese kinderen uit de beschermde opvang in Nederla "
" I say Socialism, but having useful idiots around to pound into people heads how stupid the ideolo "
"A Vietnamese woman accused of killing NK leader Kim Jong-un's half-brother pleads guilty to a lower charge of causi "
" : HALF TIME: #HanoiFC 0-1 ! , surprise as it is visitors Yangon United who head into the interval wi"
"CPTPP countries  potential markets for Vietnamese wood industry - "
"#cu_chi_tunnels #sakbah_travelers #vietnam 2019 Video clip for one of the US military aircraft used against Vietnam "
" : Hi! I'm ARMY Vietnamese .#ARMY #ArmySelcaDay "
"HALF TIME: #HanoiFC 0-1 ! , surprise as it is visitors Yangon United who head into the int "
"Hi! I'm ARMY Vietnamese .#ARMY #ArmySelcaDay "
" :  Theater Performance, Vietnamese, Thai, and Bahasa Indonesia Workshops, China Speaker with Gengsong Gao and Letter"
"#TuesLineWow you speak so fast, he wondered. ignored him and continued in Vietnamese with her coworker. He f "
" I never seen someone hate veterans as much as this president.  I think even the North Vietnames "
" Japanese, Arabic, Russian, Vietnamese aannd maybe Italian."
"Repost from  using repostregramapp - Enjoying my vietnamese coffee, double choco cookies while watchin "
" Komemoracija se mora slaviti nakon zalaska sunca i prije izlaska sunca (Izlazak 34:25): "
" : Lunch today is a  takeout. Veggie summer rolls and a Vietnamese salad. This is the healthiest thing I ea"
"17 - Komemoracija se mora slaviti nakon zalaska sunca i prije izlaska sunca (Izlazak 34:25):: "
" Als minderjarige vietnamese vluchtelingen niet opgesloten kunnen mogen worden en ze kunnen vrij in "
" : 33. P.S. If somebody can translate this text into Vietnamese, Thai, Japanese, Chinese, and many other languages used in Germa"
" I wonder what would be the reaction of Vietnamese/Indonesian/Malaysian of these Chinese sorrounded thei "
" : I just came out of Furie and all I can say is wow?!?!  a Vietnamese action flick that screening in theatres about a"
" :  #JIMIN "
" : [ RECORD ]   gi k l b vi nhi like nh tr IG t H Qu .  c l b vi c nh"
" : #       ! #    ,  ~       . #ARMYPEDIA # #AR"
" : [C NH 02.04 ]               STREAM+  : 486.5M+     (13.4M N ): 526.4M+: 682.2M+"
" : Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
"Vietnamese man who overstayed in Singapore for over 10 years gets jail, caning  Yahoo Singapore "
" : BTS SUNBAENIM C L S  V D NH L KHUY CH TH  t n sau 2017  r hi khi  show th t ,"
" : 190402 th H  tin, nh nh m c Bighit_ TXT s ph s 1 show th t tr k Mnet TV v th 6"
" : #CWBriefing: #Toyota #breach: There's no #attribution yet, but speculation turned toward #Vietnamese #threatgroup #APT32."
"vietnamese dogs are so horny like not joking they're always fucking its mad"
" : H nay c bae vote ch?   vote t t  gi anh nh nh c cho comeback s t t Show Champion"
" : South Vietnamese villagers begging for their lives:  soldiers: "
"Today's menu: organic avocado lo mein with satsuma reduction  Vietnamese-style Thai basil pho with peanut oil $77"
" : BREAKING: Doan Thi Huong, the Vietnamese woman accused in the killing of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un's half-brother, sente"
"#CWBriefing: #Toyota #breach: There's no #attribution yet, but speculation turned toward #Vietnamese #threatgroup "
"#ChristusVivit: 54. Blessed Andrew Ph Y was a young Vietnamese man of the seventeenth century. He was a catechis "
"South Vietnamese villagers begging for their lives:  soldiers: "
"  Vietnam  stands up for their territorial rights and their armed forces makes its p "
" : Reuters: Malaysian prosecutors say will offer Vietnamese citizen accused in Kim Jong Nam case an alternative charge to murde"
"Will North Korea try to assassinate Doan Thi Huong and Siti Aisyah, the Vietnamese and Indonesian linked to Kim Jon "
" : Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong Nam murder escapes death penalty after Malaysia reduces charge "
" :  America is a nation founded on fear.  Europeans feared native American 'savages' and murdered most of them. A"
"  Good evening  I know right now you are confused about Vietnamese G.O, Ofu house and Ocao. I jus "
" : : N.a.v. vragen van GroenLinks zegt staatssecretaris Harbers toe het expertisecentrum mensenhandel onderzoek t"
" Chinese characters are used in Japanese (Kanji), Korean (Hanja), and Vietnamese (Chunom). if you can "
"10 Vietnamese music videos that took over YouTube in 2018 - TIC VIETNAM - "
"Will North Korea try to assassinate Doan Thi Huong and Siti Aisyah, the Vietnamese and Indonesian linked to Kim Jon "
"Goed optreden van  over de 60 Vietnamese kinderen die  zijn verdwenen uit de beschermde opvan "
"Vietnamese Food is !!! #ph #nemnuong  MRS PHO "
"In the time it takes you to read this sentence, Zlatan Ibrahimovic will free two hundred POW's from a Vietnamese pr "
"Nom nom and less than a tenner for traditional  vietnamese food. Watching some of the folk eat though would knock y "
": N.a.v. vragen van GroenLinks zegt staatssecretaris Harbers toe het expertisecentrum mensenhandel onderzo "
" I am waiting for fans to make a Vietnamese sub ."
"#Vragenuurtje  ondervraagt z'n nieuwe klimaatgabber Harbers (VVD) over verdwijning Vietnamese kinderen!"
"N.a.v. vragen van GroenLinks zegt staatssecretaris Harbers toe het expertisecentrum mensenhandel onderzoek te laten "
"Learn Vietnamese for travelers #7: At the restaurant | Vietlingo://t.co/2MVACO8a8Z"
"Save the date!  the heat!! you all in our grand opening on April 6,2019  onwards!! Dagupan "
"The Socialist Republic of Vietnam: The Country That Rejects Political Pluralism  The Vietnamese "
"The Socialist Republic of Vietnam: The Country That Rejects Political Pluralism  The Vietnamese "
"Vietnamese hot pockets "
" y  m  kh n k l chuy b h, ng ki c s  th tr n l m#quotes "
"I want to go to a vietnamese pride parade. Hai Phong would be great bcs thats my parents home town but also up for "
" : those two women who fell in love on the Vietnamese Bachelor is literally my favourite story ever someone make a movie about"
"    Yeah, I guess it mostly an issue with all the Thai and "
"We love it when  cooks up a small plates pop up. Today is #Vietnamese "
"Wanneer de overheid je bestaan ontkent, kun je niet naar school, niet trouwen, en moet je gedwongen in de rimboe wo "
" : What an inspiring story! Former Vietnamese refugee, Allen Le Nam, moves back to Hamilton to build a high rise in the commun"
"Another one for phovietnamincolombo  Vietnamese beef stew is so soft that it melt in your mouth.. I love it wit "
" How to Improve Your Vietnamese Listening Skills : Learn Vietnamese with the best FREE online resources, just "
"First Vietnamese bottling plant to use aseptic cup filling and sealing lines://t.co/zD1LHR4hPV #Beverages"
"Vietnamese Suspect in Kim Jong-Nam Assassination Case Expected to Walk Free Next Month. "
"Another one for phovietnamincolombo  Vietnamese beef stew is so soft that it melt in your mouth.. I love it wi "
"I got a very nice shot of the Vietnamese flag in Paris. #MIEExpert_team45 "
"Tweet translated to Hebrew, Latvian, Czech, Vietnamese, Tongan, Finnish, Telugu, Japanese, English, Chinese Traditi "
" : Are you ready for this?  is set to TREBLE in size this summer, featuring rooftop terraces, a 90s double decker"
"Vietnamese comedian Anh Vu was tragically found dead at a friend house in Los Angeles - he was only 47. Completel "
"Another one for phovietnamincolombo because I love how their food tastes so authentic and addictive! I frequent her "
"Insta: /ramenandsazeracs'Gluten free, dairy free and totally #vegan friendly steamed #coconut milk #rice cakes ak "
"Another one for phovietnamincolombo because I love how their food tastes so authentic and addictive! I frequent her "
" : In het #vragenuur:  over Nederlandse truckers die boetes krijgen in VK  over verdwijning Vietn"
" looks delicious! love a nice iced coffee &lt;3 bet Vietnamese is delicious!"
" I FORGOT IT WAS OBLY IN THE LAST 6 MONTHS LMAO?? BUT YES I HAVE ACTUAL COPIES OF VIETNAMESE CRYSTAL IT IS FUCKING HILARIOUS"
"30% DISCOUNT OFF YOUR FIRST MEAL express our gratitude, we are offering you a whopping 30% discount off your FI "
"those two women who fell in love on the Vietnamese Bachelor is literally my favourite story ever someone make a movie about them"
" : It's amusing for me to see noodle bowls with Japanese (hiragana) writing being used at a Vietnamese restaurant  -- at the"
"Murder Charge Dropped Against Vietnamese Woman In Death Of Kim Jong Un's Half-Brother "
"Lunch today is a  takeout. Veggie summer rolls and a Vietnamese salad. This is the healthiest thing I "
"  Minderjarige Vietnamese asielzoekers? Is het weer oorlog in Vietnam? Zijn de Amerik "
" Theater Performance, Vietnamese, Thai, and Bahasa Indonesia Workshops, China Speaker with Gengsong Gao and Le "
"In het #vragenuur:  over Nederlandse truckers die boetes krijgen in VK  over verdwijning "
" did I ever tell you I came into possession of Vietnamese Crystal and I actually have two copies of it LOL"
"Vietnamese man makes &amp; sells straws out of wild grass found in Mekong delta "
" Better yet, why do black people have to use it? Ehen was the last time you heard a Hispanic call anot "
"Top Vietnamese legislator meets leader of French Communist Party "
"My botanical garden has revealed its secrets. grafted trees have fruited green mangos trees are in fact "
"  Lead by example, stop using it. When was the last time you heard an Irusn Anerican c "
"Zo in het #vragenuur  - GroenLinks wil een onderzoek naar het op grote schaal verdwijnen van Vietname "
" Haha i think we met the same Vietnamese wannables. There are 2 of them isn?"
" : De verdwijning van Vietnamese kinderen uit azc heeft niets te maken met asielproblematiek, maar alles met meedogenloze"
"Experience Vietnamese cuisine and its fragrants herbs with a cooking class in Hoi An with  and learn ab "
"Further reading: "
"Remembering Trinh Cong Son - Vietnam's Bob Dylan. #trinhcongson #vietnam #Vietnamese #music #hanoi #hanoiscribbles "
"   I had left a high school in Darwin where my best friends were the "
"B ch is a Vietnamese dish of grilled pork and noodle, which is thought to have originated from Hanoi, Vietnam. B "
" tin |  Th H kh b  t://t.co/lu1qjGkFDR Ti Vi on Apr 1, 2019 d "
"huhu vietnamese roll pahingiii "
" In Perth? I haven come across one. Will need to hunt for a Vietnamese joint now."
"Paul Kalanithi wrote the unforgettable When Breath Becomes Air. Here is a devastating and yet life-affirming woma "
" : hellllo #ArtistsofSEA  I'm lina and i'm a vietnamese american illustrator who works in animation "
"A Malaysian court has withdrawn murder charge against the only suspect still being held for the murder of a member "
"Hoa K b giao xu tu tra cho Vi Nam 04-01-2019://t.co/OfdetwuRGk "
" : #PhotoOfTheDay #photography #streetphotography #motorcycle #harleydavidson #photographer #jovenhernandezphotography #p"
" : #OTD 1975 The South #Vietnamese Navy evacuates the remnants of 22nd Div. &amp; refugees out of Qui Nhon as NVA infantry &amp; tank"
" : A Taxpayer Bill of Rights is available from #IRS in English, Spanish, Chinese, Korean, Russian &amp; Vietnamese. #TBOR "
"C an  tra v 1000 ng d  s   Qu Nam-04-01://t.co/ndRGnxSGBs "
" Peaceful yet futile actions will never work. They claim they reprimanded Premier Xi? It was ignored. "
"I used my old coffee maker after using my vietnamese one for a while &amp; I can believe how disgusting my coffee tastes."
" Worse... look where they (#Russia)  put their Country! to know you believe it would lead to "
"L do k lu thanh tra kh nh t Vi Ph Th Ch-04-01://t.co/Gs0ghbb9OJ "
"Bamboo Airways expands its #Airbus #A321neo order: Hanoi - Vietnamese startup Bamboo "
"B th Qu Nam l ti v d  ch Ba V Qu Nam-04-01://t.co/HuZP9QO1fI "
"vegan Vietnamese-inspired sour pear export"
"  her father actually from compton though.  she's referencing her father, not his sid "
"De verdwijning van Vietnamese kinderen uit azc heeft niets te maken met asielproblematiek, maar alles met meedoge "
"#OTD 1975 The South #Vietnamese Navy evacuates the remnants of 22nd Div. &amp; refugees out of Qui Nhon as NVA infantry "
"C  B s gi s doanh thu c nh  t BOT-04-01://t.co/65wJx8Y2W2 "
"Vietnamese food is delicious "
" : JIMIN The MAIN DANCER AND LEAD VOCALIST OF THE BTS, Is Raising The Globle Frenzy Around The World At The 2018 Melon Mu"
"C PCT Thanh H, b k lu,  v l S X D 03-31-2019://t.co/OnT3Z3NHtr "
" : talking about foods chaeyeon made that the members enjoyed invited yena over to eat something good at 5am. the vietnamese f"
" : Vietnamese Suspect in Kim Jong-Nam Assassination Expected to Walk Free Next Month. "
"Th t s k lu ch s b th d Th Thi trong tu n-04-01://t.co/Z54OZJ6MC7 "
"Modern Vietnamese food at the heart of York  that's Coto, which is serving up 3 courses for  and a tapas set me "
"I was pretty nervous about this hair dresser (as I always am about new people lol) but she's so nice, she gave me s "
"X th c Formosa  ph d  san l g quan ng v m tr Khang, RFA-04-01 "
"T h t nh ch tr Phan Kim Kh v nh ho  L Anh H-04-01://t.co/M34Q4UqMcm "
"   Vietnamese people did it."
"OTD in 1972 North Vietnamese troops capture part of Quang Tri"
"OTD in 1975 South Vietnamese evacuation begins at Qui Nhon"
"   Stores could get products cheaper by buying for foreign goods. "
" Th H b tuy  3 n 4 th t giam 04-01-2019://t.co/qy2M4r8SMl "
"#Promoting Turkey and #Antalya to Vietnamese tourists -  #blogger #bloggercommunity "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination "
"Manchester's food and drink haven Hatch will TREBLE in size this summer - with a double-decker bus serving Vietname "
"Ng Vi-ti nhi  l g? Song Chi-04-01 - 2019-01-4://t.co/tCgmzeWoNK "
"Come and check out are Banhmi Vietnamese Street Counter and delicious!! #tasty #healthy #yesplease "
"Spring is finally here! Celebrate with our light, fresh &amp; meaty Vietnamese salads. Available with Grilled Chicken o "
" America is a nation founded on fear.  Europeans feared native American 'savages' and murdered most o "
"years and four months from the day she was arrested, telling her she was , very lucky and wishing her  th "
"Aisyah, 26, cried and hugged her Vietnamese co-defendant before leaving the courtroom. She was driven away in an In "
""
"Ng Vi-ti nhi  l g? "
"On Monday, a Vietnamese woman alleged to have killed Kim Jong-un half-brother Kim Jong-nam, pleaded guilty to les "
"The real masterminds behind the killing, however, may never be brought to justice. murder charge was dropped a "
"Learn Vietnamese for travelers #7: At the restaurant | Vietlingo#vietlingo #learnvietnamese #vietnameselanguage"
"The Chinese  livery is more like a Vietnamese  one !!! are already in 2020 #F1 #ChineseGP "
"     Also that first statement is false equivalency I c "
"De Vietnamese vrouw die ervan wordt verdacht de halfbroer van de Noord-Koreaanse leider te hebben vermoord, is vero "
"THANKS TO MASTER-NIM FOR PRECIOUS PHOTOS  OUT WITH FULL CREDIT  NOT EDIT OR CUT LOGO  HQs BELONG TO OWN "
" : Gonna miss Vietnamese coffee!!! dont wanna leave...but i leave tmr, for ... guess my next destination. #steem #travel"
"Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge in killing of Kim Jong-un's brother - #GoogleAlerts"
"Gonna miss Vietnamese coffee!!! dont wanna leave...but i leave tmr, for ... guess my next destination. #steem "
"Not to be MISSed in Saigon: Reunification Palace, Ho Chi Minh City, 1970s bad taste incarnate in former presidentia "
"Sokay lorh i try find indonesian but no match. When i said no indonesian available, he asked me whether got vietnam "
"Tonight I had the privilege of attending the book launch for my talented friend, Christina who illustrated  "
"TQ ti h b  'g t h ch quy qu gia' "
""
"Vietnamese people seriously can't read maps for nuts"
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
"A healthy lunch of Asian spiced marinated salmon sashimi with melon salsa and Vietnamese spring roll. "
" : #VietnameseWoman Accused Of Killing #NorthKoreaLeader Half-brother Avoids #DeathPenalty "
"Vietnamese conglomerate #Vingroup acquires Shop&amp;Go stores for $1  "
"   I am about to teach it in AP. We are keeping a quote journal, looking at narrative stru "
"Android and IOS application are available in Vietnamese.#nutrilife #nutrilife_io #cryptocurrency #bitcoin "
"Vietnamese show greater satisfaction with public services: PAPI report #Vietnam #PAPI #publicservices "
"But What Are You? | Children's Book Feature was born during the Vietnamese war and was transported in a card "
"Vietnamese chess players off to winning start at Dubai Open 2019: Top seed Quang Liem (Elo "
"Soo.. I saw this video circulating around Instagram of somebody making fun of a Vietnamese nail workers accent... m "
"  Yes, and at times, Communists, the Japanese, several Eastern European countries, the Nor "
" :  /FL  Set  1 set/person : 6 -7 APR,2019 (~ out of stock )  : Rajamangala stadium"
" : A young Vietnamese woman from my local nail salon asked if I could read over her Masters assignment on infrastructure develop"
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain | Global development | The G "
" idk what you're talking about but i'm vietnamese and i'm willing to help"
"  Yes. Many Vietnamese and Chinese parents tend to encourage their children to pursue highl "
" : For april fools took my voice acting group's server and turned it into a vietnamese one "
"Pet Vietnamese pot-bellied pigs to be banned in Spain as of 2022 "
"Hanoi Hannah Elsternwick Is About To Introduce Vietnamese Hot Pockets To Their Menu "
"WHICH VIETNAMESE MAKE THIS IM SOOOO SICKKKKK "
" Vietnamese coffee is life "
" : "
" : I have now spent more time in Vietnam than Da Nang Dick Blumenthal, the third rate Senator from Connecticut (how is Co"
"South Vietnamese Evacuation Begins at Qui Nhon "
" : Looking for a place that offers bar snacks with a Vietnamese twist? Check out our review of XO Bistro and Bar.://"
"Vietnamese diva My Tam performs live to full house South Korea - TIC VIETNAM - "
"Vietnamese Woman Accused of Murdering Kim Jong-nam Expected to Be Released in Early May After Agree to Plea "
"   Racial slur?  Gosh, ur little heart is broken by a simple abbrev? u even kno "
" I love Vietnamese cafe sua dah (iced coffee with condensed milk). I would try this."
"Do Vietnamese Have More Fun Than Chinese? "
"    And another one : a Vietnamese author has been deported to Vietnam "
"Tonight  we have some stunning ladies Cc gorgeous Thai girl as is Helen these girls have dropped by "
"  My girlfriend is of Vietnamese descent. She is a healthcare professional (OT), as is her "
"Vietnamese woman accused of killing North Korean leader's brother accepts plea deal "
"Interested in the #Vietnamese #diaspora, in #Norway 's #refugee policies, in the end of the #ColdWar, or perhaps in "
"Director of 4 star hotel - Code: CEOH-N (Vietnamese or Expats): Nam Dinh, Nam Dinh - Nam , Director of 4 star h "
"       A skop masquerading as a Vietnamese? Credibility "
"SHAH ALAM,  A Vietnamese woman accused of  assassinating  the North Korean leader's half-brother was... "
"The absolute best way to enjoy Vietnamese street food, in my humble opinion. The choices of different types of shel "
""
"Vietnamese woman sentenced in Kim Jong Nam assassination "
"Russian Chinese Arabic Hindi Vietnamese, ,         .= "
"Several people have checked me out on the street today/tonight. I have several theories:. I look like long lost r "
"Viet Baker is fast becoming one of the city's best hangover spots. It's good without one too. "
""
" : Try some of these Vietnamese ragworm cakes next time you're in the country - they're not as bad as they sound "
"The Fix Was In! woman pleads guilty in killing of Kim Jong Un half-brother only to three y "
"It even has its own vietnamese farmers "
"Me habang nakaopen mic with vietnamese players: Hey guys are you filipino?: No we are from Laos, You know "
" :  "
"Work would be so much better if the crew would stop constantly playing Vietnamese Bolero music! This shit is making me sleepy "
" : Libcom in the 60 be like : we support the Vietnamese people in their struggle against American imperialism... Actually"
" : ()()((Banh Giay(day) ))"
"This mideng just came up to me and started talking Vietnamese and said I work at Saigon passion wtf do I look like that or something"
" : Singaporean #VC fund Monk Hill Ventures leads #SeriesA funding round of #Vietnamese healthcare #startup Jio Health https:"
" : Ngon #cock #dick #hovinhkhoa #rhoneerojas #Vietnamese #gay #LGBT "
"Ngon #cock #dick #hovinhkhoa #rhoneerojas #Vietnamese #gay #LGBT "
"Why y Filipino, Vietnamese, Laos girls so fine. Be mine."
"Vietnamese suspect in airport murder escapes death penalty after Malaysia reduces charge "
"ah vietnamese"
" : 60 Vietnamese kinderen verdwenen #spoorloos uit de beschermde opvang in NL. #Mensenhandel? Argos gaat op zoek, zaterdag 30"
" Yeah it added some great context to the environments, like stepping over vietnamese women in cramped "
"There's so many Vietnam films in the POV of Americans however are there any in the Vietnamese POV?"
"The Vietnamese film industry is blossoming with Independent Filmmakers. This year the third Across Asia Youth Film "
"vietnamese spring rolls in rice paper"
" : Google  c Google+ "
"This Caring Tom Cat Deserves The Father of the Year Award And Everyone Simply Loves Him "
"#Vietnamese and #Brazilian black #pepper prices experienced growth despite high global stocks, despite huge "
"Vietnam regards its relationship with the European Union (EU) as a priority in its foreign policy, Vietnamese Ambas "
"kinh t h noun meaning economics in Vietnamese #Vietnamese #economics"
"The Roar Of Vietnamese  (1991) Trailer: "
"I would like to be needful to everyone                                 even a bowl of rice "
"I'm at Ph Ngon - Vietnamese Cuisine in Turku "
"Hai sesiapa tak beli vietnamese rice rolls dekat entrep carnival amatlah rugi ya kalau takmau beli ya terserahhhh "
"omg those two women who fell in love on the Vietnamese Bachelor did an interview and i'm losing my fucking mind ove "
"H m New housemates  #shinspears #saigon #saigonese #vietnam #vietnamese #hochiminh #australia #melbourne "
"Serum d da s m m v ra m c Mamonde#vietnam #saigon #vietnamese #saigonese #hanoi #danang "
" : You know a Vietnamese restaurant is authentic when you walk in and are hit by the scent of m ru. Huong Quan in Santa"
"Ed Haysom sharing his understanding of Vietnamese urban typologies at 3rd Griffith Architecture lecture... "
" Oh my god!! 90  I would put Vietnamese too but Ik that only like 3 mutuals of mine are viet s "
"Vietnamese golfer runner-up at South Africa tourney "
" Rich I waiting in the rain outside a Vietnamese restaurant for my dinner to be ready and my bin is f "
"S Korean media laud Vietnamese footballer K League performance "
"T h t nh ch tr Phan Kim Kh v nh ho  L Anh H "
" : Tientallen Vietnamese kinderen verdwenen uit azc's, Kamer wil onderzoek "
" &amp; karruche said she where the Vietnamese &amp; the  meet &amp; it was Rihanna bff that called kae a rice "
"Vietnamese phone : "
"Libcom in the 60 be like : we support the Vietnamese people in their struggle against American imperialism... A "
" Eat my favourite Vietnamese food and tell myself to be stronger next time and that today i lost against "
"THE CORDIS AUCKLAND  WEDDING CEREMONY  AND DECORATED BY LAUTOFA TULAGALUA "
"A lady just asked me to take out some trash to the giant fire we have. noticed that the writing on this cardboard "
"GOODS SAMPLE  by #cttnsshg S T R A Y K I D S: Cup holder, hand-banner and fan  An event of S "
"  Shit!!! I was supposed to press YES, but I got loaded with my Vietnamese friends and the "
" : 'Gisteren in Nieuwsuur: 60 minderjarige Vietnamese asielzoekers onder dubieuze omstandigheden verdwenen. Nationaal Rapporteu"
"B r l l #food #vietnamfood #b #banhran #luclac #haiphong #Vietnamese #vietnam #Hanoi "
"Vietnamese only but this was still my favourite part of this BingJiu fic. (It a translation from a Chinese one) "
"Singaporean #VC fund Monk Hill Ventures leads #SeriesA funding round of #Vietnamese healthcare #startup Jio Healt "
"THE CORDIS AUCKLAND  WEDDING MEMORABILIA CORNER AND DECORATED BY LAUTOFA TULAGALUA "
" she was this little short old woman who dyed her hair blonde.  Beth tried telling her she was mental an "
" : Thank you Houston Asian American Film Festival!  #mls #documentary #vietnamese #asianamerican #filmfestival "
"THE CORDIS AUCKLAND  WEDDING PHOTOBOOTH  AND DECORATED BY LAUTOFA TULAGALUA "
"  We Vietnamese call tooth decay  worm, so this is fun ;)"
"Deep -  "
"Vietnamese Foodies to open in Downtown this "
" SCHEDULE  COMEBACK ! Vote TMA: "
"THE CORDIS AUCKLAND  WEDDING RECEPTION  AND DECORATED BY LAUTOFA TULAGALUA "
" : Our last meet up of our South East Asia Roadshow just concluded - huge thanks to the Vietnamese #Blockchain community for sh"
"Spring day in Paris ...#paris #parisiandays #parisienne #springday #orseundiris #asianblogger #portrait "
" : JUST IN: Prosecutors in Malaysia offer to reduce the murder charge against Doan Thi Huong, the Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong N"
" : Funny situations://t.co/GFeaPPPWcr#news #TodayInHistory #helloworld #Vietnamese "
" : The bad thing will come  video :://t.co/UDaMFwcivN#Newwiee #TodayatApple #Brexit #SportingKC #Vietname"
" : Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
" : The only reason we're all forced to know about Meghan McCain is because her dad crashed dick first into a Vietnamese bayo"
" I never read such drivel Johnny Howard statement still rings in my ear as racist &amp; divisive Howard was "
"Babraham Research Campus Catering Events - Keep an eye out this month (April) for a Mad-Hatter Tea Party, a Vietnam "
"This is the Jurassic Park of Musicals  proving life will find a way. TFP knows of NO weak Vietnamese men or women "
"17 -         ( 34:25):: "
"  Please help me, I am very difficult in life, I am Vietnamese. You can help me a little money "
" When Vietnamese refugees came after the war: The brothers held hands with each other, the brothers and "
". Charge Dropped Against Vietnamese Woman In Death Of Kim Jong Un's Half-Brother "
"Vietnamese man makes &amp; sells straws out of wild grass found in Mekong delta "
" : S Korean media laud Vietnamese footballer K League performance "
"Tientallen Vietnamese kinderen verdwenen uit azc's, Kamer wil onderzoek "
"Vietnamese Foodies is opening in Downtown later this month... "
" : "
"Fantastic to see Fellowships funding making a difference in Vietnam    Vietnamese "
" : A #Vietnamese woman accused of assassinating the North Korean leader half-brother is to walk free after #Malaysia drop"
""
"The Dutch police say the UK is an attractive smuggling destination because #trafficked children can make thousands "
" c c ph l  t sang th tr Nh only in Vietnamese language ...   #noandt"
"         - "
"thank u vietnamese society for rolling dis for me (ur supposed to roll it urself but the dude took one look at me &amp; "
"theres like this tiny international food fair thingy at my uni &amp; i managed to snag a vegetarian cold roll from the "
"what do you mean vietnamese "
" How's Taco Bell or McDonald's or Vietnamese Sandwich"
" :  And pundits are going to spend the next year saying, without evidence or cause that gop is courting Asian voters"
" Hi, thank you for your offer to help! However, we're implementing a new system soon that automatically t "
"#slavery#CrimesAgainstChildren://t.co/xMsJsbWF8e"
" : News: Vietnamese Duan Thi Hyung was sentenced to three years and four months in prison on Monday after pleading not guilty to"
"Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain://t.co/Q7wLrI1rIz#EndHumanTrafficking #HumanRightsWatch"
"Japan agrees to accept 10,000 Vietnamese caregivers  "
"MSN192 just took off from Paris Orly, bound for Toulouse as VN1. can follow VN-A896  on this short hop "
" : Many just know of the My Lai Massacre... don't know that it became a common phrase in the US Army to say If it's"
"NPR News: Murder Charge Dropped Against Vietnamese Woman In Death Of Kim Jong Un's Half-Brother "
" : Prosecutors have dropped murder charges against a Vietnamese woman in the death of Kim Jong Un's half-brother. lawyers say sh"
" : Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
"VIETNAM - FIRST TIME IN HISTORY: THE NATIONAL ASSEMBLY OF VIETNAM INVITED OLIVER MASSMANN TO PRESENT IN VIETNAMESE "
"I find the Vietnamese term  phe, which I think is a corruption of the French term laissez faire, to be very le "
"I was sleeping,,, at office! lol  bought a mattress and had a deep sleeping in office... aha Vietnamese style"
"trans: remember the vietnamese bachelorettes who quit bc they fell in love w each other? i just found their insta t "
"so i just made my own homemade vietnamese iced coffee and... it went well"
"Murder Charge Dropped Against Vietnamese Woman In Death Of Kim Jong Un's Half-Brother "
"'Ch n' v TT Trump c vi tr Trung M - BBC Ti Vi "
""
" : Hi #VisibleWomen ! I Chi and I a Vietnamese visdev artist/illustrator based in LA. I love drawing soft, fashionable"
"Viaje Asean is a local Vietnamese agency formed by a group of guides with experiences and excellent command of the "
"News: Vietnamese Duan Thi Hyung was sentenced to three years and four months in prison on Monday after pleading not "
" : Important article highlighting the crucial need to give proper care to unaccompanied children entering the UK to protect"
"Get ready to explore a fusion of flavors with Vietnamese, Chinese and Thai cuisine at Mekong  "
"NAILBIZ WAR - EPISODE 11 - FULL| Vietnamese Home Movie 2019 "
" I personally a big fan of Super Saigon Ampang vietnamese iced coffee, and the interior is so comfy to me "
" : A Darley man accused of kidnapping and sexually abusing a Vietnamese woman he met online is about to face court.  #"
" :  Korean, Vietnamese, Chinese, Japanese, Cuba, Jamaica, Mexico, Brazil, Australian, German, Switzerland, And"
"Korean, Vietnamese, Chinese, Japanese, Cuba, Jamaica, Mexico, Brazil, Australian, German, Switzerland, And Hawaiian "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination by SHARON TAN and RICHARD C. PADDOCK via NYT The New Yor "
" Korean, Vietnamese, Chinese, Japanese, Cuba, Jamaica, Mexico, Brazil, Australian, German, Switzerlan "
""
"Google  c Google+ "
" : ://t.co/mf8XoRKnIv"
"I can kinda lightweight txt my mom in Vietnamese without the accents tho. Does that still count or nah?"
" Oh I need to go! My mum is from the Philippines and I planning on it early next year (and then head "
" : ://t.co/vXHnEh3uOx"
"My first Vietnamese Beer  nice German style weizen - Drinking a Summer Hefeweizen by East West Brewing Company  La "
" : A Vietnamese soldier taking a break from the war. (circa 1852)#LostinHistory #Colorized  "
"Two lacquer panels decorated with mother of pearl  Vietnamese lady in ao dai dress.://t.co/BCgGkig5cW  #gift "
"Thank you for bringing the kids to Grain. It's our pleasure to share with them our cooking passion. It's always bee "
"New story on NPR: Murder Charge Dropped Against Vietnamese Woman In Death Of Kim Jong Un's Half-Brother "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination by SHARON TAN and RICHARD C. PADDOCK via NYT "
"New story on NPR: Murder Charge Dropped Against Vietnamese Woman In Death Of Kim Jong Un's Half-Brother "
"Vietnamese babakau. "
" :  Vietnamese pop-up Eat Vietnam will join the ever-growing list of new eateries in #Stirchley with their first permanen"
" : #Resettled Spaces#Examining The #Home: The #Vietnamese #Experience in the #UK us on opening night 5 April 6-9pm #ALL"
"Illegal Vietnamese migrant 'swam to Macau' "
"A Darley man accused of kidnapping and sexually abusing a Vietnamese woman he met online is about to face court. "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge  BBC News "
"Murder Charge Dropped Against Vietnamese Woman In Death Of Kim Jong Un's Half-Brother Thi Huong will plead gu "
"Well today, I don't make a special day I just want to give you something, sorry my lovers because support one more "
"Malaysia reduces charge against Vietnamese suspect in airport murder "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"Vietnamese healthcare startup secures $5m series A funding "
"Prawn and Spring Roll Vermicelli, Apr 4 2019  Five Corners Vietnamese Restaurant, #Food_&amp;_Drink"
"In 1980 we fled Vietnam but today the biggest group of trafficked people into the UK are from Vietnam. "
"Impromtu lakad with the Vietnamese auntie!! Nak ng tokwa pag ako talaga di natuwa dito kay ateng gigil hahaha"
"Snake wine  wine (r ?? ur? N in Vietnamese) is an alcoholic beverage, which features a poisonous snake in a b "
" : Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
" Kim Jong-Nam Murder: Vietnamese Woman Pleads Guilty to Lesser Charge. | bbc    "
"Remember, speak only in Vietnamese. #college #advice"
" NO I TOLD YOU I COULD TEACH YOU HOW TO VIETNAMESE-FRENCH KISS AND YOU SAID NO THANKYOU"
" : Swung by My Viet Heritage exhibition called  Before 1975 to see collections and artifacts saved by people who"
" : Thanks to the outpouring of support for #Ngayxuathanai exhibit #myvietheritage group will be hard at work on our next e"
"Foreign capital flows through five ETFs: VNM, FTSE VN, KIM VN30, VFMVN30, and iShare MSCI Frontier 100 poured a com "
"  Proud and strong people. You can't push the Vietnamese around. One way or the other you'll pay."
" : The amazing preschool in Da Nang, #Vietnam for the children of rural migrants - where teachers have written 43 reading books"
" translated the instructions to vietnamese and the driver and his assistant seemed to get it. fast forward 6 "
"Vietnamese man makes &amp; sells straws out of wild grass found in Mekong delta "
"Drink 3 or 4 beers w lunch ona Tuesday and then they zoom away on their motorbike. Vietnamese go hard man"
"Vietnamese Nitpicks "
" : . is a proud partner of the Vietnamese research community and will continue to engage with them on emerging chall"
" Person:Oh so you like Asians?You can just marry some Vietnamese(we have a lot of them here in Czec "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
" Ken is this you?://t.co/gLPeaDGVLu"
"SANDAKAN: Marine police detained a Vietnamese vessel for allegedly carrying out illegal fishing off Pulau Jambongan "
"I mean I'm sure people pointed this out before but Zora's sweatshirt said Th which means rabbit/bunny in Vietn "
" : dumbass western chauvinists adopting marxism: feminism is idpol and lgbt is bourgeois decadence cpi(m), the cuban c"
"is there even any vietnamese orbits here on this chicken app i'm so damn lonely "
" Kaso 'yun 'yung nagpapa-vietnamese eh :( pabawas ko next time charot"
"Just watched  's video about the  repair center in #Houston. I'm #DISGUSTED. They're hiring Viet "
" : Vietnamese woman escapes death penalty after accepting lesser charge over murder of Kim Jong Un's half-brother: A Vietnamese"
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced over Death of Kim Jong-Un "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced over Death of Kim Jong-Un "
"Love this:  "
" The various saturated suburbs of Sydney is a strong tell. We had a warning with Cabramatta in the 198 "
"I just remembered that my Vietnamese grandma had a friend who got mad at me for not eating a fish eyeball and that "
"I dying for authentic Chinese, Thai, or Vietnamese food "
" Who is doing that? South east Asia is Vietnamese, Filipinx, Laotian, etc folk so they rly are playing themselves"
"  I put lettuce in hot vietnamese noodle soups."
"Vietnamese Suspect in Kim Jong-Nam Assassination Expected to Walk Free Next Month. "
" That's a good way to teach people how to speak Vietnamese. I should take note."
"I recently finished Mark Bowden's fine book 'Hue 1968.'  And after reading it, I realize the North Vietnamese knew "
" : This hit me, specifically, because my mom is a literal Vietnamese nail lady. She worked as a nail tech before she spoke any E"
" : #LexcommVietnamLLC is pleased to inform the relocation of our Hanoi office to support the continuing strategic growth of our"
" : #MoFASpoz on Malaysian court ruling on Vietnamese citizen #DoanThiHuong ://t.co/x7BZTtpdf6 "
". is a proud partner of the Vietnamese research community and will continue to engage with them on emergi "
" The white head guy speak like my vietnamese friend, damn sooo cute"
" : Sharing data isn't always easy - even if you have FME. This is a project report from a Vietnamese forestry project. Pres"
" Your mental and emotional structure is very similar to we Chinese, or to Japanese, Korean, Vietname "
"why do rich people like vietnamese food,,,"
"Another  Posts Cringey Video Mocking Vietnamese Nail Salon Employee "
"When you think of Vietnamese food, you think of Pho, Banh mi, etc but have you heard of Bun and its diverse mix? O "
" : Hey #ArtistofSEA I Klegs a Vietnamese  in the US, I pretty much a hobbyist right now but I love moody scenes and"
"only vietnamese people will know this man "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"The cat kept me up all night and today is becoming increasingly Bad but I just had Vietnamese coffee so hopefully i "
" : We're so glad to hear your lunch was UnPHOgettable  Un-pho-gettable Vietnamese lunch    biet with fi"
"S Korean media laud Vietnamese footballer K League performance  "
"We're so glad to hear your lunch was UnPHOgettable  Un-pho-gettable Vietnamese lunch    "
"Yes Justin, tell me about your fantasies about your aunt and why you always understand what she is saying.  Vietnam "
"So Viet Nam can really see...there is no difference between vietnamese and filipino when invasion of privacy happen "
" :  Th H tho  t h, nh m  3 n 4 th t giam t phi t  Malaysia s 1/4. nh m  n"
"My nephew told my mother to tell me that he works as a CEO of a really huge company and I wonder why he told her to "
" I want see u. I'm vietnamese"
" : Breaking: Vietnamese woman accused of murdering Kim Jong Un half-brother sentenced to more than three years in prison after plea"
" we share our Vietnamese tears today"
" : RECAP OF FOR SUGA - FOR LIFE PROJECT BY VIETNAMESE A.R.M.Y&lt;3 For more details, please visit #"
"We're so glad to hear your lunch was UnPHOgettable  !Un-pho-gettable Vietnamese lunch    "
" Event for Cup Holder for Vietnamese fans  "
" : There are many ways to earn passive money on CoinHe. View details and join now to earn your passive money in Vietnamese:"
"C #temple  #hoangmai district #nghean province #vietnam #traditional #religion #belief #vietnamese "
"    I honestly don know what to think lmao  don know enough "
"for personal reasons i want to learn vietnamese but i think molecular biology is easier"
"What if the Countries with has a claim in South China Sea especially ASEAN Member create Schengen model in the Sea? "
" : Ruim twee jaar geleden schreef ik dit verhaal: Verdwenen Vietnamese kinderen waren meerderjarig #Vietnam "
" 10...those Vietnamese Kilo-class submarines and y'all can take that to the bank. That's the reason why I a "
"Iba din ang mga vietnamese eh hahhaha"
"ALL of our desserts are sure to satisfy that sweet tooth of yours.. pictured is my pick of the day ~ VIETNAMESE ICE "
"    The U.S. was not the only foreign power involved in Vietnam.  We were "
"Prosecutors have dropped murder charges against a Vietnamese woman in the death of Kim Jong Un's half-brother. "
"Vietnamese comedian dies during US tour: A famous Vietnamese comedian has died on a tour in "
"Murder Charge Dropped Against Vietnamese Woman In Death Of Kim Jong Un's Half-Brother "
" The same way Asians are Asians but there a cultural difference between Filipinos, Japanese, Thai, Chin "
"Hi, twitter friends! Does anyone know a Vietnamese national we can interview for our management elective class? Ple "
"Interested in S_n Tinh(Vietnamese Rose apples, apricots, plums, passion fruit)! Using this Lyft code, you'll get ten free Lyfts TRIX"
" Interesting you have noted she is Vietnamese, does that really matter? And what does that mean anyway - she "
"Vietnamese researchers repurpose plastic waste with world first PET aerogel "
" : #BTS # #MAP_OF_THE_SOUL_PERSONA Concept Photo version 2 "
" : #BTS # #MAP_OF_THE_SOUL_PERSONA Concept Photo version 2 "
"This hit me, specifically, because my mom is a literal Vietnamese nail lady. She worked as a nail tech before she s "
"Hello I from Vietnamese  and Yoongistans#ARMYSeIcaDay "
" :   When an aircraft has not contacted Air Traffic Control (ATC) on a new frequency, that controller is"
" I really love your work there &lt;3 Can I translate these fics into Vietnamese and repost it on facebook? "
" Whenever I hear, for example, Vietnamese pop I think  could enjoy this sentimental trash? But do I love Serrat? I do."
"Apparently a good place to eat northern style Vietnamese food in HCM. About to try! "
"  My mom avidly watched The People Court and for years thought  rise was alright. I scr "
"This time last year I was in Berlin. Fast forward a year and I'm lying in a homestay in the middle of the Vietnames "
"Micronutrient Deficiencies Mainly to Blame for Stunting Vietnamese Children: Experts. "
" !!! Exciting! Vietnamese coffee is love"
"I checked in at Sunflower Vietnamese Restaurant on #Yelp "
" :  If you invade Venezuela the entire continent will resist. People of America Latina want peace and sovereignt"
"Wait, why didn any of those Chuck Norris jokes from 2011 mention how racist his movies are towards Vietnamese people?"
"Did we mention we have a pho station at our Taste of Hanoi Vietnamese lunch buffet? Only available from April 8-13, "
" you look vietnamese"
"Jess makes the best Banh Mi!  Kitchenvn is at Richmond Good Food Market every Saturday, bringing Vietnamese str "
" Yea that is cool! Unlike Vietnamese and Chinese they just throw the bowl on the table and the soup splash all over your face "
"    Yes and all he did was killed millions of Asians and mill "
"What Is #Tet ? Introduction to Vietnamese New Year ;)"
"I wanna learn Japanese , Spanish , Russian , and Vietnamese."
"Thanks to Roll'd Vietnamese for being a delicious addition to today's #community lunch! "
" I know a Vietnamese woman. gets me thinking......."
" : Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
" : Vietnamese Woman Sentenced over Death of Kim Jong-Un's Brother | Breitbart - Breitbart News "
"I cant believe im only 3% vietnamese bc the opportunity to have perfect long straight hair was MISSED and I am PISSED!!"
"Vietnamese New Year 2019 - Vietnamese Tet (Lunar New Year) Holiday #Tet"
"do you think i look more mexican or vietnamese?"
" Ohh okay that makes sense... my vietnamese level.., too puny..."
"A #Vietnamese woman accused of assassinating the North Korean leader half-brother is to walk free after #Malaysia "
"I got some Vietnamese intel yesterday whilst getting my eyelashes did and now I looking at Sam Woo differently... "
"I bought a coffee bean grinder and a Vietnamese coffee filter set and I'm so excited :DDDD  let me make you coffee"
"Nh v   xem: "
"#Education #Vietnamese of losing job thanks to the government's decree 256 contract teachers including senior "
"#1THE9 Wonderland Episode 2 now has subtitles in English and Turkish, while the behind has subtitles in English, "
""
"Vietnamese woman accused of killing North Korea president brother escapes death - "
"A delegation from the #MOHRE_UAE headed by Mr. Abdullah Al Nuaimi, Director of International Relations Department, "
"#internationalnews #Vietnamese or not gaining Taiwan back is a matter of time for China://t.co/2bfgMDy7N3"
" : The sale will be supported through US Foreign Military Financing &amp; the recipient is the Vietnamese Coast Guard, Yeong Tae"
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced over Death of Kim Jong-Un's Brother | Breitbart - Breitbart News "
" : A major #LandRights victory in Cambodia: the country has returned land taken a decade ago from indigenous communities"
"  Are you smoking weed? Venezuela has a state that is standing up to the empire that wants "
" : The US is handing over six patrol boats and equipment worth $12 million to the Vietnamese coast guard for use against tr"
"I find it wild when I abroad and I can understand Vietnamese from other native speakers. Props to my parents for "
" : Vietnamese named as  Jong-nam murder suspect to be "
" If you invade Venezuela the entire continent will resist. People of America Latina want peace and sovere "
"Y I was Vietnamese asf I used to put in these Vietnamese video series into the VHS and watch it all day"
"BBCL H "
""
"The sale will be supported through US Foreign Military Financing &amp; the recipient is the Vietnamese Coast Guard, Yeo "
"A Vietnamese woman suspected of assassinating the North Korean leader half-brother accepted a lesser charge Monda "
"south vietnamese americans when they see the official flag of vietnam "
"          "
" : Nh B h t 't ti v h h' c th L H "
"Vietnamese named as  Jong-nam murder suspect to be "
"Vietnamese named as  Jong-nam murder suspect to be "
" : Ordered a vegan vietnamese coffee and got order number 13! That's been my number since forever and people think I'm crazy"
"Eureka Entertainment are bringing Ash Mayfair critically acclaimed Vietnamese drama  Third Wife to UK cinema "
" one can say that the genocide of the native Americans, the napalming of the Vietnamese, and the bir "
" : April is a great time to be in Vietnam. The mosquitoes are the size of cockroaches, the cockroaches are the size of dogs"
"The amazing preschool in Da Nang, #Vietnam for the children of rural migrants - where teachers have written 43 read "
" Name is deceptive - one the the best Vietnamese restaurants on that street! #shhkeepitasecretokay"
"April is a great time to be in Vietnam. The mosquitoes are the size of cockroaches, the cockroaches are the size of "
"Vietnamese customs have seized over nine tonnes of ivory found in a container shipment from the Republic of Congo, "
"mom said I'll probably get a vietnamese bank!! I can't wait!!"
"Deal saves woman tried for murder of Kim Jong-nam "
" : Doan Thi Huong pleads guilty to reduced charge in killing of Kim Jong Nam and sentenced to 3 years and 4 months. With re"
"Sharing data isn't always easy - even if you have FME. This is a project report from a Vietnamese forestry project. "
" : Ly Tong, the #Vietnam folk hero who hijacked planes to fight communism, approaches his final descent "
"an instagram post where it just two overexposed photos of yt ppl and the caption is  chilli. Is.. it their.. band name?"
"Vermicelli bowl at  L L. #foodmountain. Now I ready for bed.  Luc Lac Vietnamese Kitchen "
"I'm not all white. I'm half black, quarter white, quarter vietnamese."
" : As has been noted elsewhere, Zora wears a shirt with a white rabbit on it (which I missed the first time) and later wears a s"
"May kaibigan na akong isang Vietnamese at isang Chinese "
" The story of how Vietnamese immigrants came to dominate nail salons in CA is pretty awesome, and enti "
"The Vietnamese in season 2 of  is literally in comprehendible.. "
"   trans-Vietnamese khi m t v vi Ti Vi kh qu "
" : Amerislamunderway Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong Nam murder handed prison term "
" If you like pho, try eating at a place called Noodles Vietnamese kitchen"
"Of course, when one says nothing good came of it, that might be disregarding the stories of so many Vietnamese &amp; "
" urged to help Vietnamese banks lure foreign capital  &amp; more in #Vietnam morning #news for April 2 via "
"       Not to mention that "
" Was Doklam meant for winning hearts of Indians? The regular incursion in Indian territory by PLA is to "
"A view of the Vietnamese landscape from Mua Cave, Tam Coc.#TamC#B#Tr Scenic Landscape Complex "
"I like learning Vietnamese from my boyfriend &amp; his mom. But they only teach me the name of foods "
"This girl has spent over 2.5k on  hair within a years time frame. Every order it Vietnamese hair, sis  thank you!"
"  our moms are kin (my dad is Thai haha /sweats) I dont think I've actually met Vietnamese people who "
" :  your name?  do you spell that?-Y-U-N-G that Chinese??"
"Rising production costs are harming the competitiveness of Vietnamese seafood products, according to experts These "
" : it's fucking 2019 and comedians still think it's funny to make videos mocking vietnamese nail salon employees? whack."
" : Vietnamese suspect in KL airport murder escapes death penalty "
"*mocks Vietnamese nail shops* *gets backlash* :  a little! about stop being racist?? A little??"
"Vietnamese man makes &amp; sells straws out of wild grass found in Mekong delta "
"Cooking skills   Cook chicken with ginger sauce in Vietnamese style "
" : The VIJIT ship sailed into Tien Sa Port in central Da Nang on Monday, beginning a port call that lasts until Thursday. Th"
"A child dies, survives and reunites with long-lost Vietnamese mom - TIC VIETNAM - "
"This girl said I want to try Vietnamese guy but I see you play mind game too so no shrimp fried rice for me "
"Ly Tong, the Vietnamese folk hero who hijacked planes to fight communism, approaches his final descent "
"Vietnamese woman sentenced to 3 years and 4 months in jail DPRK man murder case#KimJongNammurder "
" : Vietnamese Bodywave | We are the home of the SILKY MILKY bundles! Shop Exclusively at "
"   Vietnamese Air Force."
"talking about foods chaeyeon made that the members enjoyed invited yena over to eat something good at 5am. the "
" : "
"S Korean media laud Vietnamese footballer K League performance "
" Naaah, she's a little anti Asian (look wise) rn cause her fianc was snatched away by a Vietnamese "
"Vietnamese Bacon Ancho  Poke "
" :  i will always remmeber the my ao isnt the only thing that's dai joke from you and that's like the first vietnames"
"yes. translate it from japanese to vietnamese for me"
" : We find #Happiness in the simplest of things in our daily #life. Please share yours with us!  Your Password"
"  Okay, Noble jie did you know my family calls a woman's private parts bird in vietnamese"
"  u found the vietnamese folks who suffered reading ur joke like this huh"
"Okay, I been a server a long ass time and I seen some weird shit but the weirdest is that I had a customer de "
" One of the costume designers is Vietnamese I think I saw in the credits"
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced over Death of Kim Jong-Un's Brother | Breitbart "
"Why you should stan #vpop .  WHAT IS VPOP? DARK/OBSCURE CONCEPTS IN VIETNAMESE MUSIC "
"Why is it the hotter the weather the more a country's population likes drinking hot soup? Never mind! - here's a de "
" i will always remmeber the my ao isnt the only thing that's dai joke from you and that's like the first vietnamese word i know now"
"Trung Qu ki so fentanyl theo y c c M "
" : Vietnamese SWAT Team Climb Building using Wooden Pole "
""
"     In July 2018, the EU and Vietnam agreed on final texts "
"TransCycle: Bengali, Vietnamese, Icelandic, Chinese (Simplified), Polish, Filipino, Belarusian, Slovak, Scots Gaelic"
"Again, great train of #MAGA Patriots  Emmy people would have been in situations similar to Cubans "
"The VIJIT ship sailed into Tien Sa Port in central Da Nang on Monday, beginning a port call that lasts until Thursd "
"A promoter left me a voice mail about booking me for an upcoming gig speaking in Vietnamese.....This is how it was "
"This trip is made for people who adore Vietnamese culture and want to sample the most tasty Vietnamese food. You'll "
"My Vietnamese plug has always been the sweetest. A+ for customer service!"
"  1/ Father had severe combat PTSD after Vietnam. Nightmares caused flashbacks. Sound "
" I feel like it and Vietnamese iced coffee are in a special kind of orbit"
" : If you never used this are you even Vietnamese ? "
"Easy Vietnamese Caramel Salmon://t.co/BhAKYyWVX5#food #foodie #foodporn #foodgasm #art #instagood "
"#VietnamWar: There were many more #VietCong the willing to. : Amazon US/UK "
"no one can tell me Ms. Xui Tan Sour wasn viet. she had the hat and the tragic vietnamese circus backstory"
"Ly Tong, the #Vietnam folk hero who hijacked planes to fight communism, approaches his final descent "
"Trong cu h b tr chuy bay t Maroc v Roma chi t ng 31/03/2019,  Th Cha  ... "
"it's fucking 2019 and comedians still think it's funny to make videos mocking vietnamese nail salon employees? whack."
"Meals I've eaten since arriving in Vietnam:. Pho. Korean BBQ.  . Lotteria burger set. More pho sw "
"why does he look every Vietnamese mom who takes these type of photos "
" : The #Saigon meetup hosted by  came to an end. Bibox Guojie Liu joined the panel discussion and Riley gave a p"
"vietnamese coffee is so good but it has to be iced or else i don claim it"
"When we were little, my friends and I thought that Kung Lao was a cowboy and Raiden was Vietnamese "
"Vietnamese success story. "
"Meet Ly Tong, the  James Bond who fought communism "
" Even the vietnamese gooks agree with this !!"
"Fascinating conference on genocide hosted by Documentation Center Cambodia this morning, including a spirited discu "
"Vietnamese Buddhists send aid to Mozambique storm victims: At the hand-over ceremony "
" I feel like that really smart. I feel terrible because although I love them I don know if I can excu "
" : Looks like a modern Vietnamese eatery is moving into the old DJ's Cafe spot in Capitol Hill. (via )  https:"
" The McCain name is synonymous with nepotism.Graduated 5th from last of his class, was only kept in schoo "
"  Hell yea we do! Vietnamese/Thai places have it, its literally my favorite food"
"Chicken pho: Pho is a Vietnamese soup recipe made with broth, herbs and meat  in this case  chicken. #seasonal "
"  Yes we do. There are numerous restaurants dedicated to it here in Edmonton. Go to a Vietnam "
"AND THEN. I had dim sum with my mom and brothers and she drove me around to some of my favorite vietnamese restaura "
"        "
" : Kim Jong-nam trial: last suspect pleads guilty to lesser charge of 'causing hurt': Lone remaining suspect Doan Thi Huong face"
" : Good to see the issue of trafficked &amp; unaccompanied children going missing from care receive attention in the Netherlands foll"
" Henry Kissinger was her friend, not Bernie. Would u like the video footage of that beautiful exchange "
"It's amusing for me to see noodle bowls with Japanese (hiragana) writing being used at a Vietnamese restaurant  -- "
"     I still think that internal army will be well more th "
"WHERE CAN YOU GET BEST SERVICE 24/7  Hello with #mcsarahair from #mcsarahairgrace ensure to supply you th "
"Vietnamese Bohemian Style Round Rattan Hand Woven Bags with Leather StrapTag a friend who would love this!FREE Ship "
"It especially bothers me to see unintelligent people on Vietnamese television spouting fake news off a handwritten "
"   That good man. I wished our other spot was open so she could have tasted some  Vietnamese food"
"NAHHH I JUST REALIZED HER SHI SAYS RABBIT IN VIETNAMESE... my head "
"I'm sorry but it really astounds me to see marginalized people support and defend Trump and believe in his lies. Es "
"the girls sweater in us says bunny in vietnamese????? right????? #us"
" : #UPDATE Vietnamese woman Doan Thi Huong - accused of assassinating the North Korean leader's half-brother - is to be freed in May:"
" : #Representation is having one of the main characters share your Vietnamese surname. Representation is hearing said surname be"
"  Korean(original), Chinese, Thai, Indonesian, Vietnamese, Japanese &amp;&amp; Filipino. So far, nu "
"Funniest thing I heard ever - Vietnamese Dong!"
" : Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
" wow i been plucking the leaves out to make vietnamese spring rolls with my mom my whole life and today "
"Meet , my pet rock!'s name comes from the Vietnamese word for rock and is pronounced dah. If you're having "
"    Vietnamese children always win in the end!"
"bro vietnamese songs actually go hard"
"   Apparently you haven't read the new Vietnamese cookbook, One Hundred Ways To Wok Your Doggie. LOL"
"Vietnamese suspect in airport murder escapes death penalty after Malaysia reduces charge | Article [AMP] | Reuters "
" : Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
" : #TMobileCareers is hiring a Mobile Associate Bilingual- #Retail #Sales Vietnamese in #Houston, apply now! #job "
" : VIDEO: A Vietnamese woman accused of assassinating the North Korean leader's half-brother is to walk free after Malaysia dropped m"
" :  Woman Sentenced over Death of Kim Jong-Un's Brother.  is that a Hijab  the killer is wearing"
"Vietnamese style fool"
" : Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge  "
" :         "
"Kh  d ch  mu AI quy  thay l  "
"Today is Day 1 of my first official class to study #Vietnamese. Living here for five years and not yet fluent, time "
" Ay Bobby you should make a documentary about Vietnamese fisherman where you go to Vietnam and just hang o "
" Woman Sentenced over Death of Kim Jong-Un's Brother.  is that a Hijab  the killer is w "
" :         In addition, eve"
"Vietnamese cold meats? "
"Tweet translated to Catalan, Vietnamese, Italian, Swedish, Estonian, Hungarian, Persian, Persian, Czech, Danish and "
"The Tet Offensive, 1968, was a strategic plan launched on the event as an advantage to launch an offense by the Nor "
"Vietnamese and their accent. I would pick the Calabar accent over that accent anytime, any day."
"        "
" When I taught I had kids who spoke Macedonian, Serbo-Croatian, Yiddish, Vietnamese and Khmer. At the tim "
" key word is fusion and innovation, I really hope that in the near future we can adopt the AISE (academic, indu "
" : New YouTube video. Salt and pepper squid. Probably Australia most popular dish, and you can find it at just about every Chi"
"Smashed out catering this morning for the Vietnamese Temple - Monk Special Vegan Roast 'Duck' B M on the b "
"Vietnamese cuisine again "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman accused of killing North Korea leader&amp;apos;s half-brother avoids death penalt "
" : goal was to extend the monsoon season &amp; flood the Ho Chi Minh Trail, the system of supply routes used by enemy fighters"
"Oddest part is, the only theater in town showing it is Regal Gateway. Huh?! Maybe because this is geographically cl "
"  Do you remember when Charles took a group of Vietnamese musicians under his wing??"
"New YouTube video. Salt and pepper squid. Probably Australia most popular dish, and you can find it at just about "
" : Faced with mounting evidence of the imminent fall of South Vietnam, President Gerald R. Ford authorized the evacuation"
"Hey guys!'m R1Ro0, and i want to be an animater! the thing is... I'm Vietnamese! I'm gonna be a Vietnamese "
"Pardon my hot take, but I think that Ho Chi Minh was definitely the Vietnamese Ho Chi Minh"
"New article (Vietnamese Woman Sentenced over Death of Kim Jong-Un's Brother) has been published on The Daily Digest "
"BABY SHARK REMIXES RANKED. Darude Sandstorm  shit slaps. EDM Baby Shark wanted molly and to wave a fla "
" Is is why I actually enjoy one day old Vietnamese loaves"
" :         "
"Tientallen Vietnamese kinderen verdwenen uit azc's, Kamer wil onderzoek "
"Faced with mounting evidence of the imminent fall of South Vietnam, President Gerald R. Ford authorized the evacuat "
"I bet Doan Thi Huong is sleeping soundly now that the charges have been dropped after smearing  VX nerve agent on t "
"Stir fry shrimp goodness from chateaulemongrass. the video review here: "
" I mostly ate Vietnamese food in New Orleans, but I did love jambalaya, and red beans and rice."
"every time I travel, I always somehow manage to bump into French and Vietnamese families"
"Hanging at papaya Vietnamese for birthday dinner!#papaya#pho "
"A Vietnamese woman accused of killing Kim Jong-nam, the half-brother of North Korea's leader, escaped death penalty://t.co/5Zan95E3n7"
"    You should bet him a million Vietnamese Dong....it like a hundred bucks lol"
" Vietnamese people too!"
"somebody found the instagram account of those two vietnamese girls from the bachelorette who fell in love  "
" : April 1 1972: Vietnam War - the North Vietnamese launched a three prong Nguyen Hue offensive committing almost their e"
"goal was to extend the monsoon season &amp; flood the Ho Chi Minh Trail, the system of supply routes used by enemy figh "
" I used Vietnamese traffic at an example of this recently. Works brilliantly in urban areas, but they su "
"Vietnamese suspect in airport murder escapes death penalty after Malaysia reduces charge "
"Ly Tong, the Vietnamese folk hero who hijacked planes to fight communism, approaches his final descent "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination "
"Hey  #Nashville,  ?  local sister  from #Vietnam  prepared a full course "
"WORLD NEWS: Vietnamese Doan Thi Huong, center, is escorted by police as she leaves Shah Alam High Court in Shah Ala "
" xong, bu cho n m Vi Nam  "
"Vietnamese defendant in Kim Jong Nam trial may walk free next month after plea deal Vietnamese woman accused of "
"WHAT. MY VIETNAMESE ASS IS SHOOK. "
""
" Did you know he learned Vietnamese in three weeks so he could understand what the people who did his "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese suspect escapes death penalty "
"Malaysia reduces charge against Vietnamese suspect in airport murder..."
" : The  says the Dutch government is failing to protect young asylum seekers, especially Vietnamese who are vulnerabl"
"A Taxpayer Bill of Rights is available from #IRS in English, Spanish, Chinese, Korean, Russian &amp; Vietnamese. #TBOR "
"WTF ?#quatang #quatangtraitim #vietnam #Vietnamese "
"Nice job, #Malaysia , caving in to the DPRK. Guess you argue he slapped the VX on his own face. Murder Charge Dr "
"bale, first time ko mag iinterview ng vietnamese na di din nag eenglish or filipino. Uhm, so pano ba"
" : (*`*) ph / S  / Akihoro Nishino "
"Belady Hair Company Vietnam provides 100% unprocessed human hair from Vietnamese and Cambodian virgin human hair. "
"SHAH ALAM: The High Court here Monday sentenced a Vietnamese woman to jail for three years and four months after sh "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced for Lesser Charge in Kim Jong-nam Assassination: A Malaysian "
"T h t nh ch tr Phan Kim Kh v nh ho  L Anh H 88 Project, ti Vi l D  88 v "
"Significant growth opportunity in Credit card market in Vietnam.://t.co/CEyYNMQb2C"
"Esp. Vietnamese moms"
" RIGHT??? DJDJFJ like the salon was mostly Vietnamese people but like DJFJB still??? I didn need to know thAT"
"Vietnamese woman sentenced to 3 years, 4 months for death of #DPRK man in #Malaysia ://t.co/b7n3elrIyD "
"These people just asked to have their Vietnamese spring rolls warmed up....."
"A vietnamese monk immolated. American takes a bullet to the head."
" Nixon did get away wuth treasonous behavior. He should have been hanged for his use of a surrogate "
"  She Vietnamese by birth? Ok, I even more disappointed in the actor for lying about her langua "
"I LOVE VIETNAMESE LADIES SO MUCH"
"Me and my beautiful girlfriend eating Vietnamese food at a restaurant in Bucheon, South Korea. #Blessed "
"Want more info? the 'Matsudo City International Portal' webpage!'s now QUADRILINGUAL!  English, Ti Vi "
"These old ass chefs are so bipolar with me  day they yelling and talking shit  to me in Vietnamese n the nex "
" : Vietnamese woman in custody over the killing of Kim Jung-nam, the half-brother of the North Korean leader, was sentence"
"is lelesbian lele + lesbian or leles()/side or bian which means secretive or hidden in vietnamese?? OR SHOULD I  "
" : #Bachelor &amp; #Master degree #scholarship to study at 1 of 16  #Indonesian universities for #Vietnamese students. mor"
" : Vietnamese fans greet Super Junior at the airport after a long wait "
" :   I lived for 4 years in NY and never found a Vietnamese restaurant to rival ones in SoCal, Houston or Arling"
"  Don't get me wrong though: It isn't a defense to how the language is handled (I have a lot of "
"Vietnamese golfer runner-up at South Africa golf tourney: By Van Phat &amp;nbspApril 2, 2019 | "
"Vietnamese people are so judgmental and I can stand it."
" : Try some of these Vietnamese ragworm cakes next time you're in the country - they're not as bad as they sound "
" : Prosecutors dropped murder charges Monday against the Vietnamese woman accused of killing the half-brother of North Korean leader"
"A Malaysian judge yesterday sentenced a Vietnamese woman accused of killing the half-brother of North Korean leader "
"Perfect fire for armadillo cutlets with Vietnamese flavors. FDA says the nutrient-dense meat safe to eat if carved "
"Vietnamese accused's stepmum 'happy' with new sentence://t.co/6HBaLveJqH "
"  She IS Vietnamese. Her name is Helene Patarot. She's an actress who was raised in France but b "
" : That  grandma from season 2 episode 1 is clearly NOT Vietnamese, her accent is shit and no Vietnamese person"
"She not Vietnamese. Mad at the actor and the show  "
"Murder Charge Dropped Against Vietnamese Woman In Death Of Kim Jong Un's Half-Brother "
"After a very long time of waiting and contacting people, my friend finally figured out her flight. She is coming to "
" Ph Juilufs. am...a Vietnamese power hitter?"
" : Mission accomplished! I'm delighted to share that my book on U.S.-Vietnamese normalization is under contract with "
" : bombonos, vamoose and vietnamese.  do these have in common you may ask? nothing :) let's go find rainbo"
"20190401: AP : Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge in killing of Kim Jong-un's brother [voluntarily ca "
"bombonos, vamoose and vietnamese.  do these have in common you may ask? nothing :) let's go find rainbow mountain!"
"The murder charge is dropped for a suspect in Kim Jong Nam killing after her plea deal "
"Hidden in the corner of Clayton Road, is a little Vietnamese restaurant selling amazing vermicelli.  Like that t "
"Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge in killing of Kim Jong-un's brother | CBC News "
"        In additio "
" : #JiminToday | 190401#Jimin's fan dance recently on Weekly Gonggam's cover was recreated by HS students from Huong Vuong"
" : In English it called   Chinese it called  French it called   Japanese it called "
"Murder Charge Dropped Against Vietnamese Woman In Death Of Kim Jong Un's Half-Brother "
"My favorite #AprilFools joke is when Mark Wahlberg blinded a Vietnamese guy while calling him a Vietnam fucking shit"
" : Vietnamese Hmong Woman Original Oil Painting Vietnam War 1950s by BonniesVintageAttic "
"My mom put some magic Vietnamese medicine on my throat but that not going to help me survive through writing my essay tomorrow :)"
" Nixon did get away with election tampering, essentially. He conspired with S Vietnamese and other f "
" Been saying that forever. Only place was like Bobby Seafood (now Teikoku). Sushi took over. No one w "
"South Korea's Vietnamese Comfort Women repost: #comfortwomen #glendale #palisadespark"
"       "
"BBC News Ti Vi -  C S kh  tranh c  Th Lan "
"via  Vietnamese Woman Sentenced over Death of Kim Jong-Un's Brother "
"Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge in killing of Kim Jong Un's estranged half brother. "
"Murder Charge Dropped Against Vietnamese Woman In Death Of Kim Jong Un's Half-Brother "
"this pho place went from playing vietnamese folk songs to illenium. what a legend"
"Come out and celebrate Vietnamese Heritage week with us as we explore different aspects of our culture like food, g "
" : Vietnam Cracks Down On Drugstores Selling Without Prescriptions #Vietnam #Vietnamese #pharma #Big"
"Vietnam Cracks Down On Drugstores Selling Without Prescriptions #Vietnam #Vietnamese "
"Finally got to try try this, pretty nice. Sweet coffee, thx vernon! - Drinking a Speedway Stout (Vietnamese Coffee) "
"A Vietnamese restaurant will open soon in the Golden Triangle. ://t.co/ndOntDl8jz"
"       "
"Ch tr cho b h ti anh &amp; gi tr r th v &amp; b  #youtube #youtuber #Vietnam #vietnamese "
"  And the Vietnamese community before then..."
"Addicted..to the Vietnamese Magic #foodiemagician "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced over Death of Kim Jong-Un's Brother "
"Vietnamese golfer runner-up at South Africa golf tourney "
" Atleast im vietnamese and not swagipino"
" : Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge in killing of Kim Jong Un's estranged half brother. "
"doin fine "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced over Death of Kim Jong-Un's Brother | Breitbart "
"Vietnamese suspect in KL airport murder escapes death penalty "
"        "
"AD 245: Lady Tri leads Vietnamese Resistance against Invasion from China"
"        "
" He loves you long time? is a Vietnamese hooker?"
"Vietnam Gets Six Patrol Boats from U.S. Signaling Closer Security Ties Eugene Whong-04-01 Vietnamese "
"     Same school board we had Vietnamese immigrants living "
"  I lived for 4 years in NY and never found a Vietnamese restaurant to rival ones in SoCal, Hous "
"Kudos to all those who served in 'Nam. It may not be evident to some, but your service has had the long-term impact "
"I checked in at Pho Majestic Vietnamese Noodle &amp; Grill on #Yelp "
"Such a nice clean broth.  Pho Majestic Vietnamese Noodle And Grill "
"Vietnamese woman accused of assassinating the North Korean leader's half-brother will walk free in May after pleadi "
"The Vietnamese restaurant has been taken over by a specialist grocer. It still sells threads."
"          "
"Studying in my patio and all i hearing is this Vietnamese lady spilling some tea on the phone"
" : hello, #ArtistsofSEA! i'm tracey, a vietnamese american sort-of student, with an interest in background painting and being able"
""
" : Okay, April fools is over, the two girls who left the Vietnamese bachelor to be together are still dating and they're of"
" : The New Straits Times Online: woman escapes gallows://t.co/3yGXyoo6Ta "
"Nh B h t 't ti v h h' c th L H "
" : VLOG 003: BRIDESMAID FOR THE SECOND TIME| I MOVED TO CANADA| TRIED VIETNAMESE FOOD://t.co/dFEw7Zuf2w"
"creating a thread if my vietnamese grandma because she just the cutest: "
"        "
"you come into a Vietnamese household and think I could not hear the colonizers bread? "
" : These grandmas meet up every afternoon to play a Vietnamese card game. #casinoroyale #hanoi "
"A Vietnamese solution to single-use plastic straws! This is a wild grass, that can be used fresh or dry. Now we jus "
"Th Lan kh cho  C S tranh c "
"Vietnamese  said to buy another 26 new narrow-body  aircraft valued at $6.3 billion, on list p "
" i half asian (vietnamese/chinese)  in swahili"
"#SabiasQue  can respond online or by phone in Spanish, Arabic, Chinese, French, Haitian Creole, Japanese, Korea "
"Murder Charge Dropped Against Vietnamese Woman In Death Of Kim Jong Un's Half-Brother - "
"The vietnamese girl on american idol didnt make it to the top 20. Bummer"
" Vietnamese "
" : Vietnamese suspect in airport murder escapes death penalty after Malaysia reduces charge "
" :    / vietnamese cuisine &amp; caf  10/10 - "
"Vietnamese suspect in airport murder escapes death penalty after Malaysia reduces charge "
"T ch Th thao (01/04/2019) U23 Vi Nam s l T V b   Nam ? | SBS Your Language "
"So good! Love this place! ( Las Vegas Vietnamese Reataurant in Berwyn, IL) "
""
" : Prosecutors have dropped murder charges against Doan Thi Huong, the Vietnamese woman accused of killing the half-brother"
"A famous Vietnamese singer just messaged me on facebook out of nowhere. I got no business with you lmao"
"Prepared fresh daily, this juicy and tender Vietnamese-inspired skinless chicken thigh will turn any boring salad i "
"Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong Nam killing given reduced charge - USA TODAY..."
" : AMERICANS ARE DYING! 1975 President Ford asked California to accept 1/2M Vietnamese Refugees. Brown said  D"
" I could use that to find my missing Vietnamese food"
"my vietnamese  ass is QUAKING "
" : Vietnamese Iced coffee | Sweet Paul Magazine "
"Home cooked Vietnamese Crab Noodle Soup is one of my favorites. My friend made a small pot for our get together and "
"The New Straits Times Online: woman escapes gallows://t.co/3yGXyoo6Ta "
"Vietnamese suspect in airport murder escapes death penalty after Malaysia reduces charge "
"Transform your life today. Get fluent and see the world! #zerotofluent #arabic #chinese "
"Vietnamese Doan Thi Huong (R) smiles as she escorted by Malaysian police officers from the Shah Alam High Court in "
"Dream big, get fluent, and travel the world! #zerotofluent #arabic #chinese #english "
"Ng Vi-ti nhi  l g? "
"You can do it, but it takes a bold decision! Start now: #zerotofluent #arabic #chinese "
"ugh i so good at vietnamese these classes have truly paid off "
" : Authentic Vietnamese restaurant headed for Duluth.://t.co/olliUDch6y "
"Hi,  Viet Oi is a teaching group that provides Vietnamese lessons to expats and foreigners living in and out "
"  the Vietnamese can teach that"
" Lol. I tore down the door. Got locked I while taking a shower. Freaked my Vietnamese cop landlord out t "
" : For Vietnamese fans only,  is preparing new project support 2WISH ASIA TOUR in each country. Korea is the first statio"
" : Vietnam 1967: We't who to trust among the #Vietnamese. : Amazon US/UK://t.co/WHE6EKELin| Pluto"
" I Vietnamese. Here many fans feel disappointed in Tom because they think doing an ad for China wi "
" :  the vietnamese in the vietnam war"
"   I don't doubt your strife or suffering. I wish that wasn't the case. I'm "
" the vietnamese in the vietnam war"
"Forty Licks Vietnamese Restaurant &amp; Cocktail Bar Coming to Sydney "
"3MMI - Recent Trends In The Vietnamese Swai Market - Tradex Foods 3-Minute Market Insight "
"    Those are all Vietnamese that were active in Vietnam in 1961. "
"3MMI - Recent Trends In The Vietnamese Swai Market - Tradex Foods 3-Minute Market Insight "
"This Week in History:  The French in Indochina #podcast that ensures that French colo "
"Mother asked me to buy her  of Nam which I was surprised she wanted to read up on the Vietnamese war for Mot "
" : King County's Union Worker of the Year, Van Huynh of  is featured on the front page of the latest copy of NW Vie"
"#model #birminghamcity #england #vietnamese #lady #canonphotography "
" : BREAKING: Judge sentences Vietnamese woman to 3 years and 4 months in prison for lesser charge in Kim Jong Nam's death"
"Amazing food and great service, would definitely recommend this restaurant to Thai cuisine and Vietnamese cuisine lovers"
"#histry Hippes dressed up weird, did drugs and participated in protest. They influenced the widespread Vietnamese p "
" Imagine if Nixon got away with colluding with the South Vietnamese to extend the war, resulting in "
"Vietnam 1967: We't who to trust among the #Vietnamese. : Amazon US/UK://t.co/WHE6EKELin| Plu "
"A deliciously messy dish, our  Vietnamese Crepe :  #banhxeo #uglydelicious #mauieats "
" : 1 April 1966: A Viet Cong 200 lb truck bomb and gun attack on the Victoria Hotel in Saigon, a US officers billet, killed thre"
" : I made a montage comparing the Vietnamese struggle for unity &amp; freedom to the Yemeni struggle against occupation. Both ar"
"Vietnamese Iced coffee | Sweet Paul Magazine "
" : Thinking about the Vietnam War today through pictures and stories of North Vietnamese soldiers and their families gallery"
"Do Vietnamese Have More Fun Than Chinese? "
"Forty Licks Vietnamese Restaurant &amp; Cocktail Bar Coming to Sydney "
"Forty Licks Vietnamese Restaurant &amp; Cocktail Bar Coming to Sydney "
" : love of my life #ArmySelcaDay#BTS #SOPE #Vietnamese "
" i didn ask for you to ask me in vietnamese"
" : So excited to see our  site grow! It's going to be awesome. Rooftop terraces, a double decker bus Vietnamese"
"S Th V T Linh - H D V Thi  - (Vietnamese Sub) "
"My grandmas been teaching Klaus Vietnamese. And it so freaking cute how he says some words "
"Vietnamese accused of killing Kim Jong Nam escapes death penalty with plea deal"
" We know how to process refugees. 1975 Vietnamese relocation project 1975. 5 camps processed 130,000 in 90 "
" And Irazu for great Costa Rican food, Nuevo Le for Mexican, and most places off the Argyle stop for good Vietnamese"
"Murder Charge Dropped Against Vietnamese Woman In Death Of Kim Jong Un's Half-Brother "
"Th Thi 122:6-7    Vietnamese Bible:   6 H c ho b cho Gi-ru-sa-lem;      nh ai y m th "
"Told myself I never date a Vietnamese girl, but here I am. "
" Love Vietnamese people. Very sweet peeps. Lived above a family run convenience store in Prague (I think "
"  according to microsoft, this is vietnamese. wow."
"Authentic Vietnamese restaurant headed for Duluth.://t.co/olliUDch6y "
" Imagine the carbon footprint! Get on the Reunification Express (the Vietnamese Socialist iteration) Komrade AOC!"
" : Our hearts will always beat for a good Vietnamese sub!  AutoRewards members can save 10% on their purchase from our new Merch"
"    BTW. Exactly. Vietnamese Unit Commanders and US Military ad "
"Murder Charge Dropped Against Vietnamese Woman In Death Of Kim Jong Un's Half-Brother "
"88rising got chinese, japanese, korean, indonesian, vietnamese, asian americans, etc. they are doing more for asian "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
" : 9 in 10 Chinese dude that walks into my shop beings together with them a Vietnamese wife. Most already had 1-2 kids. "
" : #ChildTrafficking #humantrafficking #forcedlabour #ModernSlavery: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters"
"        "
"    Look at the DARPA page out says m16. U.S. soldiers did not ca "
"Th Thi 122:6-7  Bible:  c ho b cho Gi-ru-sa-lem; nh ai y m th  "
"Hhhhh the station smells like Vietnamese food and now I wanna monch"
" The only ones I actually like (in terms of their records in office) are Lincoln, FDR, LBJ, and Oba "
" humphry slocombe is really good! they've got one in the ferry building in sf, just no earl grey or burnt ca "
"Vietnamese researchers repurpose plastic waste with world first PET aerogel - Environment - Vietnam News | Politi "
" WELL THEN!!!! my dad thinks idk a lot of vietnamese only bc my sis knows nothing at all but little does "
" : This unflinching 1968 documentary follows 400,000 protesters as they march from Harlem to the United Nations building t"
" jdjsksks okay maybe you got a point ,, i speak vietnamese half the time i home"
" Go Vietnamese."
" -  "
"Vietnamese Music 30 T Kh H V M Thu = G Nh K Ni  T Ca B H C M V... "
"AFP's Ramon: Merong Chinese fishing vessels at Vietnamese fishing vessels."
" : The Bcnex team are doing work hard to launching the best system and solution to the world.#Bcnex #BCNX #Blockchain #crypt"
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain #opdeatheaters"
" you say that like i can speak vietnamese rlly well "
"Example: Roll'd Vietnamese food targeting Vietnamese people who concern about their health. People have choices of "
" : 6th #Vietnam #Labour Update Newsletter - taxi driver #strikes, #protests over rotting food, sexual harassment, #Vietnames"
"Okay, April fools is over, the two girls who left the Vietnamese bachelor to be together are still dating and they' "
" : The comfort of a Vietnamese meal, made for a weeknight "
"The comfort of a Vietnamese meal, made for a weeknight "
" : Naver Worte an Article About Jimin Fan Dance which Reproduce By Vietnamese High School Students ://t.co/EePsWBk0"
"Thank you Houston Asian American Film Festival!  #mls #documentary #vietnamese #asianamerican #filmfestival "
"we also have the largest amount of Vietnamese, Afghan (and probably other races too) people in the world besides th "
" : Brokering Domain Name://t.co/BMfHGfgDZF://t.co/pty092EKsM#BanhPho #noodles #Noodle #Vietnam #V"
" coffee never has an effect on me lolol I don rlly like how it tastes either unless it really vanilla-d "
" : Learn about #governmentcontracting from  #Business Opportunity Specialist Gloria Gomez in this  intervi"
"Ran into an old coworker, apparently the bitchy Vietnamese woman I worked with got fired for stealing"
"Two Vietnamese scholarship students to study at Bay of Plenty schools as some of the first recipients of a new gove "
"  Loving the Indigenous excellence as a Vietnamese European &amp; Polynesian Indigenous Pac "
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
"#MGMT6036 Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge in killing of Kim Jong-un's brother://t.co/OK9yplpEfU"
" from Vietnamese "
"Sometimes my English is better than my Vietnamese. Sometimes my Vietnamese is better than my English. BUT NOPE. I'M "
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
"why are vietnamese people so blunt lmao. like its a stereotype that's actually true lol literally all of my relativ "
"Kim Jong Un's half-brother's murder: Vietnamese woman escapes death penalty "
"April 1 1972: Vietnam War - the North Vietnamese launched a three prong Nguyen Hue offensive committing almost thei "
"Hot Off The Wires:  Vietnamese defendant in Kim Jong Nam trial may walk free next month after plea deal A Vietnames "
"Prosecutors have dropped murder charges against Doan Thi Huong, the Vietnamese woman accused of killing the half-br "
"Got to compete with the wily Japanese. No need to worry about the Vietnamese. #NotNowJohn #PinkFloyd"
"#01_April #Death 2001 &amp;#8211; Tr C S, Vietnamese guitarist and composer (b. 1939)"
"    BTW. Yup. Both 7th Infantry and Rangers well known components "
" :  Highly recommend checking out Donna Pinckley's 'Sticks &amp; Stones' photography project. My new poems are on my in"
"like Top Chef, you couldn't get a Vietnamese person for this? I'm sure he knows a lot about Vietnamese food but I'm "
"Isabelle made Vietnamese Steak Bowls with Carrot, Pickled Cucumber, and Sriracha Mayo. It is nice to have her cooki "
"via   Murder Charge Dropped for Vietnamese Woman in Kim Jong Nam Killing "
"Murder Charge Dropped Against Vietnamese Woman In Death Of Kim Jong Un's Half-Brother "
"I don't want to agree with the white guy here but they're doing a Vietnamese food challenge and their guest judge is Taiwanese"
"i get emotional seeing altars in vietnamese restaurants here"
"Murder Charge Dropped Against Vietnamese Woman In Death Of Kim Jong Un's Half-Brother "
" JD is a Navy SEAL, and the son of a Vietnam vet and a Vietnamese beauty. He and his K9, Ajax, are cau "
"also before the culture brigade comes out, im not saying south asians have a monopoly on co-ords/tunics/trousers. t "
" : Join Vietnamese recording artist and activist Mai Khoi for a performance and discussion of art, politics, and activism!  Th"
"Our hearts will always beat for a good Vietnamese sub!  AutoRewards members can save 10% on their purchase from our "
"I'd like to have some good vietnamese food rn"
"I'm eating at a Vietnamese restaurant and a Hispanic family sat down next to me and are speaking in Spanish it' "
"  Ik hecht veel waarde aan correcte Vietnamese spelling. En katjang pedis."
"this time it was better because my friend now is living there and we spent some time together, ate delicious vietna "
" : ...it hard to make Americans care abt Vietnamese lives...It a disturbing caution that we probably have deep-rooted nati"
"  yeah we have Indonesian food, which is great, but it's not Vietnamese food"
" : States with more Vietnamese refugees exported more to Vietnam after the trade embargo was lifted.  "
"Bernama -  General : Vietnamese woman jailed for causing hurt on Kim Chol "
" Hi Jon you did a story on Thao: "
"Vietnamese suspect in airport murder escapes death penalty after Malaysia reduces charge "
"Vietnamese dispute McCain torture claim "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination by SHARON TAN and RICHARD C. PADDOCK via NYT World #news"
" It's the Vietnamese Championship Series, also the home region of EVOS Esports (2018 MSI representative) and "
"I miss Vietnamese food"
" : Good News:  has supported Vietnamese !!#Blockchain "
"I know a little bit about Vietnamese food, I spent a month in Thailand"
" : Prosecutors drop murder charge against Vietnamese woman over death of North Korean man at Malaysian airport "
" Highly recommend checking out Donna Pinckley's 'Sticks &amp; Stones' photography project. My new poems ar "
"if I'm going to trust a white person on this challenge, and I don't, I'll trust the guy with a Vietnamese boyfriend I guess"
" :  That some point was 1968 when Nixon colluded with the South Vietnamese leadership to scuttle the startl"
" Corporations didn't drop nukes on Japan or Napalm on the Vietnamese. Corporations didn't run Auschwitz or "
" : 7. In the tradition of #community #journalism, he served as founding editor,  publisher and circulation manager. Going doo"
" : 5. His publication would be sort of a guide on how to rebuild all our lives. To make a newspaper without #typewriters with"
" : 3. As we worked, stacking the Nguoi Viet (Vietnamese People) Daily News, I would listen to chatter among the helpers. In t"
" Im dying for Vietnamese food im crying"
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain #vietnamese"
"uh oh, this guy just said he knows Vietnamese food"
"Looking for a place that offers bar snacks with a Vietnamese twist? Check out our review of XO Bistro and Bar.://t.co/nIur55G5lT"
" : Vietnam gov has asked businesses to stop signing new import contracts for #glyphosate-based herbicides. Products already"
"#3MMI - Recent Trends In The Vietnamese Swai Market--- Swai prices peaked in November last year, but have since dr "
"Murder Charge Dropped Against Vietnamese Woman In Death Of Kim Jong Un's Half-Brother "
" Love Vietnamese food"
"Favorite food place near campus. If you need something to wake you up, definitely try the Vietnamese coffee. "
" i'm over here drooling over this, think i wanna make it this week "
"#TeamM#Ek Vietnamese meets Spanish  "
"   should also post photos of the people burned alive from the 2 American ato "
" : A Vietnamese woman accused of using a deadly nerve agent to assassinate the half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jon"
"Looks like a modern Vietnamese eatery is moving into the old DJ's Cafe spot in Capitol Hill. (via  "
"Extra extra, a up-to-no-good, Vietnamese Shepherd attacked Taylor Swift! Freaky!"
"A Vietnamese woman accused of using a deadly nerve agent to assassinate the half-brother of North Korean leader Kim "
"    Articles report says ar15 chambered in .223 DARPA say "
"Where my cool kids at?  is doing our first Houston grown Vietnamese-style crawfish tonight. We g "
"       also are you not aw "
" My mother was adopted to a Vietnamese couple So you know what happens when Indigenous people are displ "
"March speaks fluent English and French.  He claims to speak Vietnamese, Italian, Spanish and sign language. "
"    The US over saw and supplied the Vietnamese with them for thi "
" : 'Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain,' via  "
"        "
" : #UAE Minister of Energy and Industry invites Vietnamese President to attend the 24th World Energy Congress in #AbuDhabi htt"
" : #DevALGBTQChara | DAY 1: BASICS Tr Pham. But just Mat is okay too. Eighteen. Virgo. Vietnamese American. Califo"
" Say nee in Afrikaans to say no. n in Portuguese to say no. niet to say no in Russian.  "
"  Doubt it with Trump heading the ballot, and also him personally deciding to fuck over "
" Theyre gonna claim a Cherokee ancestor in 3 2 1 and claim theyre grandmother was a Cherokee princess S "
"        There were a f "
"  lol at the NRCC's brain genious plan to try and recruit the chinese-american mayor of Yorba Lin "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"You like... my hair? Gee Thanks : August Chang .://t.co/l50k17Lsen.#Photography #Photoshoot  #Asian "
" : Hello! I'm Chan. I'm a Vietnamese American who dabbles in comics, illustration, and design. I make work featuring minimal colo"
" : Join us  on 4/9 for a launch party to celebrate the start of Manal's incredible campaign across the country! Also, Vietnam"
""
"Murder Charge Dropped Against Vietnamese Woman In Death Of Kim Jong Un's Half-Brother "
" : Want to stay in for dinner, but no energy to cook? HaiSous is now available on Caviar! Available for delivery or in-person pic"
"   17 - The commemoration must be celebrated after sunset and before sunrise (Exodus 34:25):: "
"17 - The commemoration must be celebrated after sunset and before sunrise (Exodus 34:25):: "
"JUST IN: Malaysian prosecutors say offered to charge Vietnamese accused in Kim Jong Nam case with  caus "
"  This is such a wonderful image! I celebrating with Vietnamese iced coffee and toa "
"  Anything is fine but something Vietnamese would be preferred.  and shakes her head in resp "
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish fmor Dutch sheletrs to be trafficked into Britain "
"honestly the only vietnamese i know how to understand is household instructions, pop love songs, and vagina talk"
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
" : Highlight:  are able to get many different segments of the coffee market, says  founder and CEO Debbi"
" : The Vietnamese Mossy Frog  if you thought it was weed  "
"Murder Charge Dropped Against Vietnamese Woman In Death Of Kim Jong Un's Half-Brother: Doan Thi Huong will plead gu "
" : After all, he was only a half-brother: 3 years' prison backdated for confessed murderer of Kim Jong Un brother "
" : I wish i had more Asian friends   of the time i want to eat our traditional food &amp; speak Vietnamese."
" No it next to that place. They just opened up, but I not sure of the name. But yes, everything quit "
"#DevALGBTQChara | DAY 1: BASICS Tr Pham. But just Mat is okay too. Eighteen. Virgo. Vietnamese American. C "
" : H tr  l t Vietnam City  Ph  Anh Qu "
" You like Vietnamese food?"
"Murder Charge Dropped Against Vietnamese Woman In Death Of Kim Jong Un's Half-Brother "
" NY (queens especially) is great too expect Vietnamese and Mexican imo."
" : So what do other countries call #AprilFoolsDay? - Verzenderkesdag ('s Errand Day) and Italian - Poisson"
" : Brokering Domain Name://t.co/p8SqdubWFv://t.co/LoFqH1PNoR#BanhPho #noodles #Noodle #Vietnam #Vietname"
"Murder Charge Dropped Against Vietnamese Woman In Death Of Kim Jong Un's Half-Brother "
"Candlelight on a full moon night. Hoi An, Vietnam......#vietnamese #girl #hoian #vietnam #candles "
" My favourite was a novella by Vietnamese writer Kim Thuy called Ru. I immediately went out to by her s "
" : Dinner plans? Love Vietnamese food? Here a look at some of our favorite spots in Charlotte.  "
"Prosecutors dropped murder charges Monday against the Vietnamese woman accused of killing the half-brother of North "
"Vietnamese TJs Tinder profile "
""
"I wish i had more Asian friends   of the time i want to eat our traditional food &amp; speak Vietnamese."
" : A8 1/2: Households will receive census forms in the mail! The forms will be available in Chinese, Tagalog, Japanese, Korean a"
"  &gt; so if a language has fewer condition C effects (like Hmong, Vietnamese, Thai), then one m "
"a chat w/ the proprietor about how he &amp; his wife had been in a horrific car collision revealed how rusty my convers "
" The Vietnamese government fucked up and I not legal here so I have to go back to Vietnam"
" : New story on NPR: Murder Charge Dropped Against Vietnamese Woman In Death Of Kim Jong Un's Half-Brother "
" : Our friends  have compiled the 20 Essential Restaurants in the San Gabriel Valley. Check out these food meccas in "
"Very exciting to see  MSc graduates forging successful careers at home in Vietnam "
" NO ONE DOES IT LIKE VIETNAMESE PPL W COFFEE"
"Thanks to the outpouring of support for #Ngayxuathanai exhibit #myvietheritage group will be hard at work on our ne "
" : happy #TDOV #TransDayofVisibility my name minh/michel and i a vietnamese genderfluid/nonbinary person who uses he/him p"
"I never tire of going to #Asian markets anywhere I can. #Seattle #AAPI #photography #USA. The boss speaks: Vietname "
" : Malaysian Court Jails Vietnamese 3 Years For Killing Half Brother Of North Korean Leader://t.co/fxyMjKOBOj "
" : A Vietnamese woman accused of using a deadly nerve agent to assassinate the half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-u"
"        So you don't c "
"Mujer vietnamita Condenado en Kim Jong-nam "
" : A Vietnamese woman accused of using a deadly nerve agent to assassinate the half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un has be"
"Chef De Cuisine Mai Nguyen from LAO Restaurant  Waldorf Astoria Dubai is offering a cooking demonstration &amp; tastin "
"I'm not Vietnamese but I grew up around a lot of first generation Vietnamese-Americans., PLEASE stop pronou "
" wqo instead of who"
" : Water buffalo have an important job at this Vietnamese golf course "
" I believe Vietnamese does something similar... I will try to track down something that supports/refutes "
" And the food is very good. Supposedly it where pho became a major vietnamese dish for americans. Pa "
"Murder Charge Dropped Against Vietnamese Woman In Death Of Kim Jong Un's Half-Brother - "
"Don try and interrupt our meeting to talk about Vietnamese and go start that conversation, go elaborate on that w "
"I never tried Vietnamese coffee... heard it like cocaine"
" I've had this happen in Vietnamese villages. I assumed it was because the villages are so small the cabb "
"It never fails. Last week dude threw a fit about reparations and All Minorities mattered the conversation of repara "
"me: I gonna learn to speak russian mum: why don you learn to speak vietnamese"
" maybe all the Vietnamese children who died in horrible screaming agony as napalm burned thru living fl "
"        so you don't car "
"The Vietnamese bank selects biometric voice technology. NICE for the prevention of fraud. The solution provides sec "
"Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong-nam assassination in #Malaysia accepts reduced charge and will be freed in May "
"Just heard a 5 year old white girl at a taco truck say, , for dinner, can we get pho and banh mi? I didn k "
"New story on NPR: Murder Charge Dropped Against Vietnamese Woman In Death Of Kim Jong Un's Half-Brother "
"Maddox were already fuzzy. Declassified intelligence documents have since revealed that the Maddox had provided sup "
" Battle, Real War: The Gulf of Tonkin incident on August 2, 1964, was faked to provoke American su "
"New story on NPR: Murder Charge Dropped Against Vietnamese Woman In Death Of Kim Jong Un's Half-Brother "
"New story on NPR: Murder Charge Dropped Against Vietnamese Woman In Death Of Kim Jong Un's Half-Brother "
"  When an aircraft has not contacted Air Traffic Control (ATC) on a new frequency, that contro "
" Awwww man, I've been craving good Vietnamese food lately -- unsurprisingly, hard to find in CDMX. Totes jealous."
"You should read how many Vietnamese women were raped by  US soldiers!! Them boys even raped their own GI! You frillier fairy FAGGOTS!!"
"Until December 2017, the space been home to a DJ's Cafe.://t.co/ndOntDl8jz"
" : Are you hungry? What is your favorite #Vietnamese food? #WelcomeVietnam "
"Are you excited about these warmer spring days? My vegan Vietnamese tofu spring rolls are the perfect snack or side "
"Murder Charge Dropped Against Vietnamese Woman In Death Of Kim Jong Un's Half-Brother "
"New story on NPR: Murder Charge Dropped Against Vietnamese Woman In Death Of Kim Jong Un's Half-Brother "
" : Artemis  Vietnamese-a FUCKING queen-master archer-not afraid to show you who's boss "
"New story on NPR: Murder Charge Dropped Against Vietnamese Woman In Death Of Kim Jong Un's Half-Brother "
"Murder Charge Dropped Against Vietnamese Woman In Death Of Kim Jong Un's Half-Brother "
"Yay! We have wonderful Vietnamese food in Cambridge, made by Hanoi Rice Hat - popping up  every firs "
" : artemis is vietnamese... keep that white mess away from her "
"NPR News: Murder Charge Dropped Against Vietnamese Woman In Death Of Kim Jong Un-Brother "
"New story on NPR: Murder Charge Dropped Against Vietnamese Woman In Death Of Kim Jong Un's Half-Brother "
"New story on NPR: Murder Charge Dropped Against Vietnamese Woman In Death Of Kim Jong Un's Half-Brother "
"Murder Charge Dropped Against Vietnamese Woman In Death Of Kim Jong Un's Half-Brother "
"Murder Charge Dropped Against Vietnamese Woman In Death Of Kim Jong Un's Half-Brother "
"Murder Charge Dropped Against Vietnamese Woman In Death Of Kim Jong Un's Half-Brother #news"
"New story on NPR: Murder Charge Dropped Against Vietnamese Woman In Death Of Kim Jong Un's Half-Brother "
"New story on NPR: Murder Charge Dropped Against Vietnamese Woman In Death Of Kim Jong Un's Half-Brother "
"New story on NPR: Murder Charge Dropped Against Vietnamese Woman In Death Of Kim Jong Un's Half-Brother "
"Murder Charge Dropped Against Vietnamese Woman In Death Of Kim Jong Un's Half-Brother "
"New story on NPR: Murder Charge Dropped Against Vietnamese Woman In Death Of Kim Jong Un's Half-Brother "
"New story on NPR: Murder Charge Dropped Against Vietnamese Woman In Death Of Kim Jong Un's Half-Brother "
"30% DISCOUNT OFF YOUR FIRST MEAL Expires April 15, 2019, and promotions can be combined. "
"Murder Charge Dropped Against Vietnamese Woman In Death Of Kim Jong Un's Half-Brother "
"New story on NPR: Murder Charge Dropped Against Vietnamese Woman In Death Of Kim Jong Un's Half-Brother "
"New story on NPR: Murder Charge Dropped Against Vietnamese Woman In Death Of Kim Jong Un's Half-Brother "
"Story NPR: Murder Charge Dropped Against Vietnamese Woman In Death Of Kim Jong Un's Half-Brother "
" : Florida Grapefruit and Jicama Vietnamese #Salad ://t.co/8wpSHw60LX  #healthyfood "
"it was a tedious night in los angeles when mia, the sculptor, met mark, a pharmacist, for the first time. now, all "
"Just realized that Zora hoodie in the movie  had the word th because it means bunny in Vietnamese "
"New story on NPR: Murder Charge Dropped Against Vietnamese Woman In Death Of Kim Jong Un's Half-Brother "
"Murder Charge Dropped Against Vietnamese Woman In Death Of Kim Jong Un's Half-Brother"
"Murder Charge Dropped Against Vietnamese Woman In Death Of Kim Jong Un's Half-Brother "
"New story on NPR: Murder Charge Dropped Against Vietnamese Woman In Death Of Kim Jong Un's Half-Brother "
"New story on NPR: Murder Charge Dropped Against Vietnamese Woman In Death Of Kim Jong Un's Half-Brother "
"New story on NPR: Murder Charge Dropped Against Vietnamese Woman In Death Of Kim Jong Un's Half-Brother "
"New story on NPR: Murder Charge Dropped Against Vietnamese Woman In Death Of Kim Jong Un's Half-Brother "
"New story on NPR: Murder Charge Dropped Against Vietnamese Woman In Death Of Kim Jong Un's Half-Brother "
"New story on NPR: Murder Charge Dropped Against Vietnamese Woman In Death Of Kim Jong Un's Half-Brother "
"New story on NPR: Murder Charge Dropped Against Vietnamese Woman In Death Of Kim Jong Un's Half-Brother "
"Murder Charge Dropped Against Vietnamese Woman In Death Of Kim Jong Un's Half-Brother "
"New story on NPR: Murder Charge Dropped Against Vietnamese Woman In Death Of Kim Jong Un's Half-Brother "
"Murder Charge Dropped Against Vietnamese Woman In Death Of Kim Jong Un's Half-Brother "
"Murder Charge Dropped Against Vietnamese Woman In Death Of Kim Jong Un's Half-Brother "
" and I were talking about Spring Rolls (Vietnamese) and I got this beauty which she is not aloud to "
"        An illegal war o "
" : Also known as the sandworm omelet, ch r is a rare Vietnamese dish that is popular in the North, especially Hanoi. htt"
"Vietnamese Squid Cardamom Tacos "
"My grandpa on his deathbed having vietnamese flashbacks:://t.co/LHvCHpKR8C"
"Also known as the sandworm omelet, ch r is a rare Vietnamese dish that is popular in the North, especially Hano "
"Join Vietnamese recording artist and activist Mai Khoi for a performance and discussion of art, politics, and activ "
"[  ] Son Tung M-TP far um feat com o rapper Jay Park !!! foram reveladas mais informa, Jay Park seguiu o "
"Japanese and Vietnamese are part of the Asian Major race. Major races contain numerous minor races. , Ar "
"vietnam fruits of tubal trumps visit    ....     "
"Florida Grapefruit and Jicama Vietnamese #Salad ://t.co/8wpSHw60LX  #healthyfood "
"Happy Monday and #AprilFools! Today's guest is France Hoang, who went from Vietnamese refugee to an American soldie "
" VIETNAMESE"
"Want to stay in for dinner, but no energy to cook? HaiSous is now available on Caviar! Available for delivery or in "
"  We got into Vietnam the same way we did Korea. We had the same ally relationship with sou "
"A Vietnamese woman has been jailed over the 2017 assassination of Kim Jong-un's brother, but the sentence is not wh "
"Vietnamese defendant in Kim Jong Nam trial may walk free next month after plea deal "
"OHMYRODJEJE ITS FREAKING QUEEN DAY.   I LOVE MY VIETNAMESE GIRLFRIEND!!!!! "
"I was once introduced by the head of my Vietnamese university's English department as Mr. Handsome. "
"A cute Vietnamese baby oscillates between staring at me eating almonds and running back to her dad and going vroom "
"I bought a Vietnamese coffee and yes it prefect."
"  They got Bahn Mi Bo Poys out there. Vietnamese and Cajun cultures mixing are amazing."
" : I heard that Def Leppard opened up a Vietnamese soup stand called Pho Pho Pho Phoolin"
" I say Vietnamese or Filipino"
" :  a 7-yr period, U.S. &amp; So. Vietnamese aircraft flew 3.4 million combat sorties. From 1965-68, the U.S. was dropping 32"
" i am vietnamese ....how are you?"
" :  We had a little restaurant down the way who would make cinnamon sticky buns with croissant dough. "
"Did you know we cater? Let us do the work so you can enjoy your event!  fried chicken slider with mixed sl "
"Join  and Ket Doan Association for their Meet and Greet Happy Hour at Saigon Quan Restaurant on 4/18 at 7:30 "
" : The woman who attacked the brother of North Korea dictator with deadly nerve agent was sentenced to three years in prison t"
"*looks at date**logs out of social media* damn is Vietnamese coffee good. Is it the soil or just the result o "
"        "
"A8 1/2: Households will receive census forms in the mail! The forms will be available in Chinese, Tagalog, Japanese "
"Lowkey highkey, I kinda wana learn vietnamese legit legit. It sounds hella difficult but being able to speak it wou "
" We had a little restaurant down the way who would make cinnamon sticky buns with croissant dough. "
" : Woman gets 3 years in plea deal for killing half-brother of Kim Jong Un "
" The reaction I usually have observed is Vietnamese parents are elated to see bits of themselves in a mo "
"This as a displaced state side Polynesian Pacific Islander person of color who's mother was adopted by a Vietnamese "
" funny I have only just started drinking Vietnamese Iced coffee myself "
" Those dastardly Vietnamese, oh, wait..."
" Let steer away from this lawmaking scenario a little bit. Let talk hypothetical. Imagine a Vietname "
"Aces &amp; Ales - Tenaya Way (): '15 Stone Imperial Russian Stout  ()  is on, replacing "
" : JUST IN: Malaysian prosecutors say offered to charge Vietnamese accused in Kim Jong Nam case with  causing hur"
"Vietnam gov has asked businesses to stop signing new import contracts for #glyphosate-based herbicides. Products "
"Nguyen Ngoc Ngan has got to be one of the most influential people I know in our generation of Vietnamese people. Th "
" In Vietnamese culture, given names are very important."
"Murder charge dropped  SEOUL, Apr 1: Malaysian prosecutors dropped a murder charge on Monday against the Vietnamese "
" :  =))) Fan Vietnamese "
"Malaysia: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge in Kim Jong Nam "
"I have been waiting forever for Okotoks to get Vietnamese subs... FOREVER! I couldn't wait to try them out and they "
"By the way, it the Koreans and the Vietnamese that eat dogs, not the Chinese "
" Oh my god yes!!! Luv Vietnamese food!!!! Just wish I wasn completely useless with chopsticks... but I hiding well "
"should i get Vietnamese food :)"
"Malaysian prosecutors offer to reduce murder charge against Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong ... - #GoogleAlerts"
"Do Vietnamese Have More Fun Than Chinese? "
" : Last week, #USJPSEAVF Quang Huy Pham presented his research at an #IndoPacificEWCW seminar on #Vietnamese perspectives"
" tweet vietnamese gray fox and speak it into existencse"
"Q: Describe RoCo in a few words.: Rowan County is an area that exhibits innovation &amp; creativity while maintaining "
" : Warrant Officer Class 2 Sonny Phillips with a young Vietnamese girl during the distribution of clothing, toys and soap"
"   In addition, that picture was taken in 1972. The napalm in question had been "
"vietnamese iced coffee szn has begun lads "
"#TMobileCareers is hiring a Mobile Associate Bilingual- #Retail #Sales Vietnamese in #Houston, apply now! #job "
" : My heart is melting on the bus today  Vietnamese mum reading Peppa Pig to her wee son in a strong accent, explaining t"
" suspect in airport murder escapes death penalty after Malaysia reduces charge "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"Vietnamese roots"
"Mong mu c b l ch huy c t. (Your Wish is My Command. in Vietnamese) -- in more than 100 languages. "
"Women accused of killing Kim Jong Un half brother doesn have to face death penalty.She escapes with only three "
"Murder Charge Dropped for Vietnamese Woman in Kim Jong Nam Killing - April 01, 2019#LearningEnglish #Listening! "
"PHO MUKBANG *so satisfying* VEGAN VIETNAMESE FOOD FEAST // Munching Mondays Ep.17 #staged "
"The Little Saigon Business District is seeking a new sidewalk mural + artistic elements that could be incorporated "
"Want to capture Vietnamese stock market performance in your portfolio?  suggests closed-ended VinaCa "
"Vietnamese die halfbroer Kim Jong-un met gif doodde, ontloopt doodstraf "
"I #LOVE MYSELF BECAUSE I LOVE MYSELF. April is my birthday month so you better fucking believe I coming in strong "
"Other youth groups also use neckerchiefs and value-based organizations. During  we found "
"Allergic to fish? Vegan? This fish sauce substitute will let you enjoy Thai &amp; Vietnamese cuisine. "
" My cousin once joked about outing me to my conservative Vietnamese grandparents for April Fools an "
" :  I had a crush on someone until they asked me if the pepper icons next to dishes on a vietnamese menu referred to"
"Vietnamese woman Doan Thi Huong pleads guilty to lesser charge in Kim killing by Malaysian "
"Vietnamese Translations  How To Say "
"Vietnamese Translations  How To Say "
"B ch is a traditional Vietnamese rice cake which is made from glutinous rice, mung beans, pork and other ingr "
" i just had Vietnamese food for the first time !!!"
"hsbc bank gives the most coin when u exchange ur dollars but w/credit or debit card u dont need cash except 2 buy f "
"Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge Kim Jong-nams murder trial. "
"'s no attribution yet, but speculation has turned toward Vietnamese threat group #APT32. Infosecurity Magazin "
"#UAE Minister of Energy and Industry invites Vietnamese President to attend the 24th World Energy Congress in "
"#UAE Minister of Energy and Industry invites Vietnamese President to attend the 24th World Energy Congress in "
"Look at this! LOOOOKKKK  the  Banh Mi: A Filipino/Vietnamese hybrid #BanhMi sandwich made wi "
"NEW on the blog: PHO MUKBANG *so satisfying* VEGAN VIETNAMESE FOOD FEAST // Munching Mondays Ep.17 "
" Oh, and as a bonus, most of the shops are Vietnamese owned. So you can get super killer Vietnamese coff "
" : Asia roundup: Missing Vietnamese blogger Truong Duy Nhat found in Hanoi prison, contempt threat vs 100 Australian journalists, In"
"Her mother's name is Vien ... which is a short form of Vivien or Vietnamese (masc) name meaning Complete."
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain #vietnamese"
" :  She famous alright. For handling over an American POWs note for help that was slipped to her to as she toured their l"
"Asia roundup: Missing Vietnamese blogger Truong Duy Nhat found in Hanoi prison, contempt threat vs 100 Australian j "
" ( Bona Vietnamese Restaurant in Minneapolis, MN) "
" a 7-yr period, U.S. &amp; So. Vietnamese aircraft flew 3.4 million combat sorties. From 1965-68, the U.S. was dro "
" -Geography &amp; History..Americans first contact with Asians was through the East Asians as that is the "
" From 1975 to 1992, Vietnamese  people or refugees fleeing the Vietnam War and reunification of the North an "
"Vietnamese #suspect In Airport Murder Escapes Death Penalty After Malaysia Reduces Charge... "
"Hooked on Vietnamese iced coffee "
" : A fascinating piece about  founder Vincent Mourou who's making tree-to-bar chocolate (made where cacao grow"
"...it hard to make Americans care abt Vietnamese lives...It a disturbing caution that we probably have deep-ro "
" Vietnamese Silky Straight 100% Raw Hair #BundleDeal + #Closure Limited Supply at this #ClearanceSale price!://t.co/r86qkLzGyw"
" : Last week, I got to interview a #Vietnamese #humanrights defender. His arduous journey to become a HRD and the determination"
"In welke wietplantage zouden deze Vietnamese kinderen weken ? "
"Pork-and-Tofu Stir-Fry | These quick and delicious stir-fry recipes include a Vietnamese vegetarian  "
"Do utmost Chinese, Korean,  Vietnamese, Central and    garnering follows for EX "
"Kim Jong-nam Murder: Vietnamese Woman Pleads Guilty To Lesser Charge - The Lighthouse Christian Forum "
"Vietnamese woman in #KimJongnam #murder case to be released in May://t.co/uzJtiihqK7 "
"En vandaag genoemd bij  op  als bijzonder project  met internationale artikel in "
" : Located on the second floor of the restaurant, our beautiful lounge &amp; bar are the perfect venue for your next private ev"
"Two New Genetic Mutations Linked to Hemophilia A in Vietnamese Patients, Researchers "
" : Vietnamese suspect in airport murder escapes death penalty after Malaysia reduces charge "
""
"  Lived in StL years ago but was fond of the Vietnamese options for reasonable prices."
" : Banh Mi French Legacy Vietnamese Classic #recipe #vietnamese #bahnmi "
"Banh Mi French Legacy Vietnamese Classic #recipe #vietnamese #bahnmi "
"This is soup week. Going to try a Vietnamese Shrimp soup. Should be interesting."
"        The US then st "
"A quick preview of Tanle Sap and the floating village of Chong Khneas. Ethnic Vietnamese living in Cambodia even th "
"Do Vietnamese Have More Fun Than Chinese? "
"        The people of "
"Learn about #governmentcontracting from  #Business Opportunity Specialist Gloria Gomez in this "
" : A Vietnamese woman accused of using a deadly nerve agent to assassinate the half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un has "
" : The Carbon Footprint of Vietnamese Robusta: Problem and Potential "
"love it when people try to guess my ethnicity and get it completely wrong to the point they say stuff from south am "
" : Wil je onze uitzending over de verdwenen Vietnamese kinderen terugluisteren? Dat kan via deze link, of als #podcast: https"
"The guy helping me out told me that he just worked with someone, who was also Vietnamese, legally change his name b "
" : #Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be #Trafficked into #Britain. Investigation highlights failings of"
" : Went to #AWP19 over the weekend and had a chance to see . I was so nervous and stumbled on my words that I didn"
"really craving some vietnamese iced coffee "
"PHO MUKBANG *so satisfying* VEGAN VIETNAMESE FOOD FEAST // Munching Mondays Ep.17 "
" :  Vietnamese - An Do, Khmer (Cambodia/Kampuchea) - Bratesa Inda, Thai - Xindeiy,"
"Vietnamese suspect in airport murder escapes death penalty after Malaysia reduces charge "
" : Proliferative retinopathy can lead to a risk for vision loss. #optometry "
" From my Vietnamese American hairstylist with advice I have taken in the past: boil fresh bean sprouts, i "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge - "
"Proliferative retinopathy can lead to a risk for vision loss. #optometry "
"Vietnamese suspect in airport murder escapes death penalty after Malaysia reduces charge "
" : Herman Bolhaar gaat zich nu ineens druk maken over de verdwenen Vietnamese asielzoekers. Als super-procureur frustreer"
"I be confusing the hell outta Asian people lol, Im Vietnamese but according to them I look Chinese, and then on top "
"#Europe: Malaysia: Murder charge dropped for Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong-nam assassination "
"Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong Nam murder handed prison term "
" Damn never knew wasn tryna offend anyone, but Asians, Cambodians, Vietnamese u feel me brotha"
" : Don not pick up my child and kiss her if I don know you, IDGAF OF YOU KNOW MY MOM OR MY DAD OR UR VIETNAMESE. DONT TOUCH"
"For april fools took my voice acting group's server and turned it into a vietnamese one "
" : Zeker zestig Vietnamese kinderen zijn verdwenen na aankomst in Nederland. Luister de aflevering van   terug. h"
"   Just ask Yemenis, Iraqis, Syrians, Iranians, Vietnamese, and the list goes o "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser "
"Vietnamese roll. -Kedai Kopi &amp; Roti Vietnam, Chendering. "
"Skip ordering takeout tonight and make an Asian-inspired recipe at home! Chinese-, Thai-, Vietnamese-, and Japanese "
"Lol , write republic of VietNam instead and I think there is no way president Donald Trump to help the Vietnamese , "
"Today I passed this book to my 7th grade reading class. Vietnamese student, the back and exclaimed,NO "
"All materials are translated into Spanish, Armenian, Chinese (which touches on Mandarin &amp; Cantonese speakers), Kore "
"BBC News Ti Vi - V sao  b gi b l vi t h "
"BBC News Ti Vi - Danh s 'th ph   nh' l 'd cho ng n ngo' "
" : omfg this is me when my family speaks vietnamese "
"BBC News Ti Vi - Gi d H Qu: Th c l, c th nhi "
"Do Vietnamese Have More Fun Than Chinese? "
" : An investigation highlights failings of Dutch and UK authorities to care properly for unaccompanied minors.://t"
"Join us  on 4/9 for a launch party to celebrate the start of Manal's incredible campaign across the country "
"my neighbors are Vietnamese &amp; their house always smells sooo good"
"   More interesting question: best food city relative to expectations? I "
"Vietnamese workers, streaming to Japan, face risks as labor system opens up://t.co/UZVW6ddhFN"
"Our friends  have compiled the 20 Essential Restaurants in the San Gabriel Valley. Check out these food mec "
"      Neal, he was called songbird be "
"              #Vietnamese # "
"TCEB launches new schemes for Vietnamese business partners "
"  How do you cry in Vietnamese?"
" :   When someone gives everyone a label that's a racist to me. He talks about fat Mexican families &amp;"
" any vietnamese here "
" Vietnamese Crystal getting in on April Fool's festivities"
"And I wouldn be me if I didn dive in to the nearest food store. Actually, I shop here from time to time but not "
" : Two Pastors Accused of Defrauding Vietnamese Churchgoers Out of $25M "
"Vietnamese Woman Pleads Guilty in Killing of Kim Jong Un Half-Brother "
"Malaysian Court Jails Vietnamese 3 Years For Killing Half Brother Of North Korean Leader://t.co/fxyMjKOBOj "
"   That Vietnamese Jesus "
" HAI I a first year med student based in Galveston and Vietnamese-American. Can we connect and be friends?"
"So excited to see our  site grow! It's going to be awesome. Rooftop terraces, a double decker bus Vietnam "
"Both of the women who assassinated Kim Jong Un's relative at airport to likely walk free very soon: "
"  Viet Cong guerrillas and North Vietnamese troops set the village of Dak Son on fire kill "
"Why don't we have #legaltech in other languages? In #lawhelpinteractive we have had the ability to serve "
"Singung in Vietnamese ://t.co/aigWelQNJ8"
"So now my Mandarin brain may be stronger than my primal Teochew brain. I was trying to order soy bean drink in Teoc "
" :  am here today because I understand the importance of the #2020Census. I know that the Vietnamese and Chinese commun"
"opportunity to learn the German language. Moreover there is a German-Vietnamese daycare facility for children. "
"The US is handing over six patrol boats and equipment worth $12 million to the Vietnamese coast guard for use again "
"  What a DISGUSTING BS PROPAGANDA ON A DECADES OLD STORY. This was correctly explained by "
" am here today because I understand the importance of the #2020Census. I know that the Vietnamese and Chinese com "
" : Have you been to the Seattle staple  yet? It has been in SLU for less than a year, so we forgive you if not,"
" Thank you so much for always giving us the new things of Kenken.  Besides, may I translate thi "
"Do Vietnamese Have More Fun Than Chinese?: "
"Trying to get Vietnamese soup on cold day is the equivalent to using your favorite gym machine right after New Years "
" Talay Thai is pretty good. There a decent Vietnamese restaurant close to it as well but the name escapes me"
"Vietnamese suspect in airport murder escapes death penalty after Malaysia reduces charge "
"Two Pastors Accused of Defrauding Vietnamese Churchgoers Out of $25M "
"   Not saying that it was.  context was John McCain said horrible t "
"Death Penalty News: Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilt... "
"Vietnamese woman charged over murder of N Korean leader's half-brother to walk free next month "
" plea "
"For obvious geographical reasons Halifax cuisine is heavily focused on seafood, but I haven't found any particularl "
"Our website is now available in Vietnamese version! "
"   Thank Buddha that they didn't cast the Vietnamese boy beater  . He is I "
" A hilarious conversation I had with a couple of Vietnamese women in a nail salon where they were comparin "
" Adam, I assisted with Vietnamese families integration in the 70's.  We took full responsibility for "
"Deep intense chocolate with espresso. Feel the bitterness. - Drinking a Ten Ton Truck Vietnamese Coffee by  "
" Vietnamese - An Do, Khmer (Cambodia/Kampuchea) - Bratesa Inda, Thai - Xindeiy,"
"Vermicelli topped with eggroll on Cha Gio (Vietnamese Egg Rolls) plain is fine if you in a rush, but so "
" And a vietnamese guy named Ng   that s about it"
" Oh the east slapping them in that case, then Vietnamese dons have no mercy"
"No Vietnamese Ever Called Me Nigger #Harlem"
"Vietnamese accused of Killing Kim Jong Nam escapes death penalty with plea deal "
"My brother is making this for dinner, minus carrots plus noodles "
"Check out our Bun Cha article to learn more about the popular Vietnamese food. #travel "
"This fish  cook in 15 hours. Best Vietnamese food  "
" SCOTS AINT GOT FUCK ON THE VIETNAMESE"
" : Could the gorgeous Edwards Pheasant be extinct? For Vietnamese ornithologists, the question has become a near-obsessi"
"    Lol. The woman is Vietnamese and not MUSLIM and being FORCED to "
"New feature article on my website about  for all Vietnamese food lovers. Here: "
" : Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge in killing of Kim Jong Un's estranged half brother. "
"Lunch of the week: Bun Thit Nuong or Vietnamese Noodle Salad with Pork Chops. A bed of iceberg lettuce and vermicel "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination via : "
"This is a modern version of Jeremiah Dent blinking a Morse Code message while the North Vietnamese forced him to re "
"Vietnamese accused of murdering Kim Jong Nam escapes death penalty with plea deal: submitted by /u/novavickie [link "
"Banh Mi - Vietnamese Baguette Recipe "
" :  high school student tweeted her cover of Jimin's Fan dance performance with her friends. performan"
""
" : My favourite thing about Vietnamese culture is how it okay to be nosey. I was at a work dinner with all my new colleagues a"
"They missed the condensed milk with which it always served. If that was in there, it be a 4.5/4.75 beer. Nic "
" my brother is making us this, with noodles as well "
"Finally made it to Yolk In ice cream  today. Vietnamese coffee ice cream in a macaron. What not to like. "
"  Because that is what corrupt Socialists do.  Trump is following the historical pattern of all corru "
"My favourite thing about Vietnamese culture is how it okay to be nosey. I was at a work dinner with all my new co "
"gusto ko vietnamese food sa rau ram ko mag tambay sa spoon mug kag inom iced coffee ko cake sang C's "
" : Try some of these Vietnamese ragworm cakes next time you're in the country - they're not as bad as they sound "
"It's A/PIA Heritage Month at ! Prof  (American-born Chinese) is highlighting the music of A/PIA "
"My mom's second cousin had a baby and she's so cute  She's mixed (white/vietnamese) "
"TransCycle: Malayalam, Hausa, Vietnamese, Sundanese, Hmong, Croatian, Czech, Armenian, Yiddish"
" : A Vietnamese woman who is the only suspect in custody for the killing of the North Korean leader's brother pleaded gui"
"Vietnamese healthcare startup secures $5m series A "
"30% DISCOUNT OFF YOUR FIRST MEAL://t.co/SKG6JuRLE9#pho #Torontopho #delicious #delicious_food #tbt #good "
"TRUE!!!!! Vietnamese milk tea is way better than the commercialized milk teas in the ph because here they emphasize "
"lowkey nsfw but nobdoy here knows vietnamese right LSOSING MY MIND "
"Sing from your Heart #triet #selfdetermination #music #singer # # #korean #vietnamese #chinese #taiwanese "
"Located on the second floor of the restaurant, our beautiful lounge &amp; bar are the perfect venue for your next priva "
"Tientallen Vietnamese kinderen verdwenen uit beschermde opvang "
"Ich bereise bald 7 asiatischi L und min Vater warnt mich immer vor de linke Vietnamese lol"
"Vietnamese Woman Doan Thi Huong Pleads Guilty in Kim Jong Nam Case | Newser Mobile "
"Event: Caring for the Caregiver: Vietnamese Caregiver Workshop-Sat, Apr 6, 9am - "
"Whilst walking along the West Lake heading to the Tran Quoc Pagoda was mesmerised by the deep colour of this Vietna "
"Brexit: Th t Anh 'ch s ' v th thu 'm' "
" : Leaders like Hong Hoang, who mobilized a youth-led movement to create a greener world after becoming the first Vietnamese"
"Vietnamese suspect in airport murder escapes death penalty after Malaysia reduces charge "
"Vietnamese woman accused of killing Kim Jong Un brother pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"Top Vietnamese legislator meets leader of French Communist Party: Chairwoman of the "
"Cooperation between Vietnamese, French localities in spotlight: At the conference (Photo "
" : VinaTuna becomes IPNLF's first Vietnamese Member - Welcome! #Vietnam #fishery "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination "
"Toyota disclosed Friday that attackers had accessed customer sales data on its servers in Japan, ZDNet reports. The "
"Vietnamese woman accused of killing Kim Jong Un brother pleads guilty to lesser charge - Fox News "
"Vietnamese suspect in airport murder escapes death penalty after Malaysia reduces charge "
"The Vietnamese monk Thich Nhat Hanh reminds us that  does not necessarily lead to suffering. What make "
"Court Sentences Vietnamese Citizen to 40 Months in Jail Over Kim Jong Nam Death - Reports "
""
" : Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge in assassination of Kim Jong Un's half brother "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge - BBC News "
"2 Vietnamese people in different settings with the same god damn shade of stankbreath &amp; fixing a bluetooth speaker. "
" kekkeke yes.  think people get confused with all the different dialects we speak and think each dia "
" : Our All About #NJWIC Fact Sheet is now available in 13 languages!  Arabic Bengali Burmese Chinese Gujarati"
"Vietnamese Woman Pleads Guilty in Killing of Kim Jong Un Half-Brother "
"  I know some pages working hard to translate to English, but I still prefer you as my best "
"#live #news 01/04/2019: Tin t bu s  m v   xem:  "
" : Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain. #OpDeathEaters "
"  A few years ago, a friend was offered a work contract in Vietnamese/English on a Friday &amp; "
"Creepy video from vietnamese gang "
"Save these hotline #s for  #ElectionDay-OUR-VOTE-VE-Y-VOTA (888-839-8682)  Spanish -API-VOTE (888-274- "
"BBC News Ti Vi - H sinh L  ch t xe  l kh "
"BBC News Ti Vi - C s bi VN ti nh 6 xu tu tra m t M "
"Are you ready for this?  is set to TREBLE in size this summer, featuring rooftop terraces, a 90s double d "
"Serving PHO (Vietnamese chicken noodle) today at Dick's!  "
"VIETNAMESE SPRING ROLLS "
"       Looking at this page and the original co "
"BBC News - Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"Nguy so Li X Dmitry Yazov hai l ra t v  Putin   "
"Apparently, egg coffee is the must-try here. Would you dare?  Haha, no you cannot taste the egg naman. They say th "
"2) vietnamese representation in the german community via a bomb ass vietnamese female banker with no stereotypes "
"Excited to add Vietnamese Food any day by Andrea Nguyen to shelves! The store is open now until 6pm, see you soon "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination "
"Vietnamese woman accused of Kim Jong-nam's murder gets 40 "
" YEAH ME TOO  told my friend this but on the daughters green shirt,  means rabbit in Vietnamese"
"If you Vietnamese and not know this guy  "
" : Doan Thi Huong, 30, the Vietnamese woman accused in the killing of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's half-brother, has"
"Vietnamese woman in Kim Jong-nam murder case to be released in May "
" Fight will never happen. Conor isn't Vietnamese"
"BA sounds like a 23 y/o Vietnamese guy ngl"
"The Vietnamese woman accused of killing Kim Jong Nam half-brother of North... "
"Maybe we'll do noodle bowl, Vietnamese Humpday Lunch..I wanna get these roads finished!"
"Kim Jong-nam Murder: Vietnamese Woman Pleads Guilty To Lesser Charge - The Lighthouse Christian Forum "
" Im the JohnYong private Vietnamese angst content creator, 24/7 always ready for angst tweetfic that rlly make her cry"
"humanstuck #chixie in a vietnamese ao dai! this is referenced off a pic of me in my own ao dai  "
" Thank god I got this translated from Vietnamese "
" : Malaysia drops murder charge against Vietnamese woman in North Korea case "
" : Vietnamese researchers at  came up with an ultralight material made from PET plastic bottles, contributing"
" B M: the Best Vietnamese Sandwich to Fall in Love With A product of Vietnam colonial past, the beloved c "
" : Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
"  pho? Vietnamese food?"
"kevin and i figuring out how to write an instruction manual in vietnamese is really like dumb and dumber collaborating"
"Monday  in #Vietnamese "
"Updating of the catalog of invasive exhotic #species. such as the royal python &amp; the Vietnamese pig are now "
" If you dig Vietnamese food, Pho Grand is the bomb diggs. Grand and Chrystie Street. "
" Water puppetry (Vietnamese: M r n, lit. Making puppets dance on water) is a tradition that dates back a "
"Try some of these Vietnamese ragworm cakes next time you're in the country - they're not as bad as they sound "
"BBC News Ti Vi - V sao Tr Qu l m trong 10 ch ' b nh th gi'? "
"Vietnamese"
"Did you miss out on our beer launches last Thursday? Don you worry, we still got Pulp Patriot, Mail Order Mart "
"Vietnamese woman sentenced to three years in Kim Jong-nam murder case  "
"This unflinching 1968 documentary follows 400,000 protesters as they march from Harlem to the United Nations buildi "
" : Malaysian judge sentences Vietnamese woman to more than three years after she pleads guilty to a weapons charge in the killin"
" : The door to study in Japan is still open wide for Vietnamese students who are studious and have strong will and determ"
" That some point was 1968 when Nixon colluded with the South Vietnamese leadership to scuttle the sta "
"A Vietnamese woman accused of assassinating the North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's half-brother, is to walk free aft "
" : Proud that  is working with this inspiring woman to develop new ideas for bringing #renewableenergy to benefi"
" : A Vietnamese woman accused of using a nerve agent to kill Kim Jong-un's half brother was sentenced to 40 months after she acce"
" I have a superpower that is super like you  ..YGs.. #BTS # #ARMYSelcaDay #ARMY #Vietnamese "
"The NK organizers of the hit on Kim Jong Nam got away clean. The  women they left behind to take the fall faced han "
" "
"love of my life #ArmySelcaDay#BTS #SOPE #Vietnamese "
"North Korea: Woman jailed over death of Kim Jong-un's brother - "
" As I said, I had two brothers killed and lots if friends killed, so I don't observe, respect or talk to any Vietnamese People"
"Thick smoky coffee goodness - Drinking a Ten Ton Truck Vietnamese Coffee by  at    "
" : Marxists claim to be anti-racists but history shows the Soviets, Yugoslavs, Cambodians, Vietnamese, Arab and Afro-Marxist"
"an iced Vietnamese coffee from that bubble tea house in front of central would smack rn"
"Malaysian judge sentences Vietnamese woman to more than three years after she pleads guilty to a weapons charge in "
"Vietnamese woman in custody over the killing of Kim Jung-nam, the half-brother of the North Korean leader, was sent "
"The door to study in Japan is still open wide for Vietnamese students who are studious and have strong will and de "
"  The dude who took white talking points about giving himself an honorary viet card for da "
"random craving for tonight: fresh vietnamese spring rolls "
"H tr  l t Vietnam City  Ph  Anh Qu "
"I want vietnamese dumplings "
"Vietnamese Woman Doan Thi Huong Pleads Guilty in Kim Jong Nam Case "
" : The Vietnamese citizen is expected to be released from prison in May, before facing her 3-year prison sentence "
" Hey does anyone remember how we accepted the boat people from Vietnam? Churches throughout America helped V "
"  hello, sorry for bothering you. Your art is so cute and I was attracted at first sight &gt; &lt; "
" Thai was definitely harder than Vietnamese!"
"The #US handed over six patrol boats and equipment worth USD 12 million to the #Vietnamese coast guard, as the form "
"PHO MUKBANG *so satisfying* VEGAN VIETNAMESE FOOD FEAST // Munching Mond... "
"Today we welcome our pals from , plus first-timers QT Vietnamese Sandwich."
" : Doan Thi Huong, 30, was offered an alternative charge of causing harm, which she pleaded guilty to. A judge sentenced her to"
"Don not pick up my child and kiss her if I don know you, IDGAF OF YOU KNOW MY MOM OR MY DAD OR UR VIETNAMESE. DONT TOUCH MY KID"
" did you learn about history??"
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
"Sharing flemish expertise with Vietnamese delegation - Bridge&amp;Tunnel Engineering Department + University of Transpo "
" : Capital Stage Unique, Exuberant  Tells Story Of Vietnamese Refugees Adapting To American Life "
" Umm let's tick off what LA does better: Vietnamese, Filipino, Mexican, Oaxacan, Sichuan, poke, Japanese, sa "
" but nothin better than vietnamese coffee  "
"Sure, a  can do THIS, but  woman [Dunham, Ford, Swetnick, Munro-Leighton, Hill, Pelosi, etc.] would EVER "
"#live #news 01/04/2019: Tin t bu s  m v   xem: "
"  Hello I am Vietnamese who is your brother's army"
"HSM on repeat + vietnamese coffee while working on our project due tom wooo this is gonna be a long night"
" : A Vietnamese woman has been jailed over the 2017 assassination of Kim Jong-un brother, but the amount of time she will s"
"   17 - Comemorarea trebuie s dup apus   de r (Exodul 34:25):: "
"      Look, I wore a white satin "
"17 - Comemorarea trebuie s dup apus   de r (Exodul 34:25):: "
"Grab partners with giant Vietnamese IT service provider on traffic management and, possibly, payments - KrASIA "
" : #KimJongNam trial - #Vietnamese accused Doan Thi Huong with her lawyers after being sentenced to 3 years and 4 months jail fo"
"BBC News - Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
" You mean like when we let in all the other refugees 332,000 Cuban refugees is that what you talking "
" u tried to call urself Vietnamese but ur Filipina"
" : Had a great concert tonight and our hosts served this authentic Vietnamese food! Unfortunately I a vegetarian so I shar"
" Hi Mark. Good to meet. Got a really specific question on Vietnamese education and was hoping you mi "
"BBC News Ti Vi -  C S kh  tranh c  Th Lan "
"A Vietnamese woman accused of using a deadly nerve agent to assassinate the half-brother of North Korean leader Kim "
"Had Vietnamese Duck last night. (NOTE: cook was Vietnamese, duck might have been from Jersey). Saved some for lunch."
"A Vietnamese woman accused of assassinating North Korean leader Kim Jong Un half-brother in 2017 pleaded guilty t "
"Manchester's food and drink haven Hatch will TREBLE in size this summer - with a double-decker bus serving Vietname "
"The Vietnamese citizen is expected to be released from prison in May, before facing her 3-year prison sentence "
"Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge in killing of Kim Jong-un's brother "
" I'm TORN as you know but Vietnamese food will always tip the scale"
" HaNoi city of Vietnamese &lt;3"
" But because I am Vietnamese so I speak Vietnamese"
"Manchester's food and drink haven Hatch will TREBLE in size this summer - with a double-decker bus serving Vietname "
"Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge in Kim killing "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"  News "
" The real success story here that most people overlook is not white black or Hispanic. It the Vietna "
"1 April 1966: A Viet Cong 200 lb truck bomb and gun attack on the Victoria Hotel in Saigon, a US officers billet, k "
" : Vietnamese Woman Accused of Killing Kim Jong Un Brother Pleads to Lesser Charge "
"Vietnamese suspect in airport murder escapes death penalty after Malaysia reduces charge - "
"Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge in Kim killing "
"Ad: Vietnamese Pho Restaurant - "
"Vietnamese Pho Restaurant - #promo"
"My friend Phil getting ready to turn into a beautiful Vietnamese Venezuelan crip butterfly  "
"   Vietnamese is so good too"
"      The only reason McCain was ever ca "
" : Vietnamese woman in Kim Jong-nam assassination to walk free next month will walk free in May. Court sentenced"
"A Vietnamese woman has been jailed over the 2017 assassination of Kim Jong-un brother, but the amount of time she "
" la2 tony is Nigerian and ibrahim is Vietnamese"
""
" : A Vietnamese woman who is the only suspect in custody for the killing of the North Korean leader's half brother pleaded"
"Make a bitch touch her knees she was Vietnamese"
"       So cool! But no Vietnamese option?! "
"Cheap New Perfect Body Shaper Massage Vibration Chair  As Seen on USA Vietnamese/chinese TV Channels "
"Vietnamese kinderen verdwijnen uit Nederlandse opvang / Vietnamese children disappear from Dutch shelter "
"Shock sentence in Kim Jong-nam "
" NBCNightlyNews: A Vietnamese woman who is the only suspect in custody for the killing of the North Korean leader "
"#MLK was assassinated on April 4, 1968. Why? Two main reasons:. Told African-Americans to boycott the bankers and "
"Vietnamese suspect in airport murder escapes death penalty after Malaysia reduces charge://t.co/HOmBGn3vaq"
" : Laughter is a universal language. Read about why  students Alyssa Ramuscak (Croatian Canadian), Matthew Nguyen"
"Cheap New Perfect Body Shaper Massage Vibration Chair  As Seen on USA Vietnamese/chinese TV Channels "
"There's No Reason to Deport Vietnamese Refugees #care2 "
"Kim Jong-Nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser "
"Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong Nam murder handed prison term   "
"Shock sentence in Kim Jong-nam assassination "
" : Vietnamese accused of murdering Kim Jong Nam escapes death penalty with plea deal "
"  I'm from Germany but I am Vietnamese too and you are so pretty"
" hong c  ki g v b h, b c c c g =))) tao c  ki v b gi kh h dance, u good. "
"' d' traditional dress for Vietnamese Women. Travel Vietnam. us at "
"Image copyright EPA Image caption Doan Thi Huong would have faced the death penalty if convicted of murder A Vietna "
"  Will you call the South Korean and Vietnamese economy weak?"
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser "
"Why are there no vietnamese restaurants here"
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser "
" : Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge over Kim Jong Nam's 2017 killing in Malaysia "
"8. Vietnamese"
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
"A Vietnamese woman who is the only suspect in custody for the killing of the North Korean leader's half brother ple "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge://t.co/cvJcWvv9Vm"
"Pranks are not funny://t.co/wBYyQcwnnD"
"Can you recommend anyone for this job in #Thermal, CA? #Healthcare"
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
"M'sia Reduces Charge Against Vietnamese Suspect In DPRK Case | Asia News | China Daily "
"Vietnamese die halfbroer Kim Jong-un met gif doodde, ontloopt doodstraf #vrtnws"
" Who is vietnamese?"
" :  sounds so exotic can you say microwave for me again?: "
" Sorry i cant hear vietnamese people"
" : Sau 1945, Nh B   v tham nh c cao "
" : Vietnamese coffee tastes different from the average cup of joe because of the way it is brewed. It a... "
" People are stupid and have lots of time. -&lt; first gen vietnamese american here"
" :    #IS WRONG #WITH THIS #PICTURE?VIETNAM WILL #HOST FORMULE1 #GRAND PRIX IN 2020 #VIE"
"#3Novices Shock sentence in Kim Jong-nam assassination "
"Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge in assassination of Kim Jong Un's half brother "
"Tientallen Vietnamese kinderen verdwenen uit azc's, Kamer wil onderzoek "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser "
" : ://t.co/4VE3IvUzHW "
"Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge in Kim killing "
"A great story time with . Banana for Two is also now available in Spanish, Hindi, Chinese, and Viet "
". suggests VinaCapital Vietnam Opportunity, an #investment company providing exposure to the Vietnam "
" :  Every week, Flossie takes the bus into town to visit the Asian nail place. She'll get her hooves done, and go"
"Lingaw kaayo ko naminaw sa akong manghod ga-PUBG kay mga Vietnamese iyang kauban HAHAHAHAHABe careful man. Be ca "
" This do bullshit it unbelievable remember the 70 we tarnished every Vietnamese Community with Vietnamese "
"[]://t.co/1EqQV3zsiD#Vietnamese#Chinese###LINE"
"Vietnamese #chowmein &amp;Vietnamese Iced Tea f/lunch after Field Service on Sat "
"A Vietnamese woman accused of killing Kim Jong-nam, the half-brother of North Korea's leader, has pleaded guilty to "
"OMG: Vietnamese Tandoori glazed baby corn pakoras! #gimmegimme"
"I decided to make Vietnamese coffee for that extra kick and I am TWEAKIN."
"Something that happened to me while i was not in Japan: pair of Mormon guys: *starts speaking to me in Vietnames "
"#bienvenue to our Vietnamese visitors today  "
" : In English it called   Chinese it called  French it called   Japanese it called "
"She claims she thought it was a TV Prank show. Prosecuter says she's an assassin. "
" : When you a Vietnamese farmer and the skies start singing fortunate son "
" I think  Beantown Pho &amp; Grill  is. Vietnamese cuisine."
"An Nam chicken liver pate  #vietnameserestaurant #vietnamesegrill #annam "
"Vietnamese defendant in Kim Jong Nam trial may walk free next month after plea deal Vietnamese woman accused of "
" : Vietnamese in Jong-nam murder case gets 40 months jail, walks free in May "
"Having grown up during the Vietnamese conflict, I noticed something about society. The young men shipped off to Vie "
"when the director uses my vietnamese-ness in the show "
"wow: Huong Donna is working on a sound installation inspired by suffocating environmemt of a bird cage, using diffe "
"Salado will be running in Fl 7th district which has a pvi of even. It's currently held by a Vietnamese woman. He'll "
"Last week, #USJPSEAVF Quang Huy Pham presented his research at an #IndoPacificEWCW seminar on #Vietnamese perspecti "
"Vietnamese woman accused of killing Kim Jong Un brother has been sentenced to three years and four months in pris "
"Vietnamese suspect in airport murder escapes death penalty after Malaysia reduces charge#Worldnews #Vietnam  "
" : Vietnamese woman Doan Thi Huong on Monday was sentenced to 3 years and 4 months of imprisonment for killing a DPRK man by smea"
" Have you ever eaten Vietnamese pho????"
" I'll translate to Vietnamese"
" : this means  in Vietnamese #UsMovie "
"A Vietnamese woman accused of using a deadly nerve agent to assassinate the half-brother of North Korean leader Kim "
"A Vietnamese woman accused of using a deadly nerve agent to assassinate the half-brother of North Korean leader Kim "
"A Vietnamese woman accused of using a deadly nerve agent to assassinate the half-brother of North Korean leader Kim "
"A Vietnamese woman accused of using a deadly nerve agent to assassinate the half-brother of North Korean leader Kim "
"When you a Vietnamese farmer and the skies start singing fortunate son "
"CRE: VKR - Vietnamese KPOP Reporter"
" : Vietnamese woman pleads guilty in killing of Kim Jong Un half-brother "
"Vietnamese woman sentenced to 3 years and 4 months in jail DPRK man murder case#KimJongNammurder "
"I the only one that speaks Vietnamese to my son &amp; he barely understands now "
"Timeline of events in the Kim Jong Nam assassination prosecutors on Monday dropped a murder charge again "
" :  !!!!  SOPE "
" : Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain | Global development | The Guar"
" : ..?"
"Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge in killing of Kim Jong-un's brother | CBC News "
"VIETNAMESE FOOD FEAST! in Denver "
"Vietnamese defendant in Kim Jong Nam trial may walk free next month after plea deal - "
"Kim jon un has been cucked by a vietnamese lady. Thats how koreans work right?"
" : Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge in Kim Jong-nam murder://t.co/OVvglWB54h#Korea #NKorea #Malaysia"
" how about a Vietnamese restaurant called PeriPHOry?"
"Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge in Kim Jong-nam murder://t.co/OVvglWB54h#Korea #NKorea "
"  Cool so you want him to be like a redneck Vietnamese Rambo... Killing the enemy behind th "
"Hearing that I was Viet, he told me our server is Viet, too. I am amazed that she speaks French, English, and Vietn "
" : 2018.01.27  player No.11 Duy Manh planting our National red flag on the white snow and bowed to it after the inc"
" Gusto ko vietnamese with milk sabor sang kape ko ha"
"Tweet translated to Finnish, Japanese, Icelandic, Spanish, Italian, Vietnamese, Russian, Swedish, Malagasy, Fijian "
"Yo everybody follow  he speaks vietnamese"
"Vietnamese woman accused of killing Kim Jong Un's brother pleads guilty to lesser charge - #GoogleAlerts"
" #MAP_OF_THE_SOUL_PERSONA .G.U BTS Vietnamese fanpage "
"Latest: Vietnamese suspect escapes death penalty in Kim Jong Nam murder trial "
"Hi guys~~  for dropping by post my dance cover or ukulele cover videos here. enjoy. Peace   "
" : 150401 SHINee Vietnamese Fanpage Update  artists went to the Korean restaurant Kang Ho Dong Baekjeongin Vietnam."
" Class singer, is she Vietnamese?"
"      Travis, except he did, Libs see "
"After it was revealed that Vietnamese children are vanishing from Dutch shelters to be #trafficked to the UK, we ur "
"Vietnamese accused of murdering Kim Jong Nam escapes death penalty with plea deal "
"#####Vietnamese woman accused of killing Kim Jong Un brother pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"A major #LandRights victory in Cambodia: the country has returned land taken a decade ago from indigenous communit "
"Community Outreach &amp; Navigation Specialist (Chinese/Vietnamese) "
"BBC News Ti Vi -  Th H 'd ki  tr t do v th N' "
" Hello  I'm Vietnamese "
"Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge in killing of Kim Jong-un's brother "
"We find #Happiness in the simplest of things in our daily #life. Please share yours with us!  Your Pa "
"Warrant Officer Class 2 Sonny Phillips with a young Vietnamese girl during the distribution of clothing, toys and s "
""
"My hometown #Vietnamese "
"Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge in killing of Kim Jong-un's brother "
"#News Lens: Cambodian indigenous communities win back their sacred land from Vietnamese rubber developer "
"This is from a popular Vietnamese chain available at a mall food court it spicy rice noodle soup with tofu and m "
"#sexy #bdsm #nude #toilet #Vietnamese #hot "
"The woman who attacked the brother of North Korea dictator with deadly nerve agent was sentenced to three years i "
" : More : Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge in killing of Kim Jong-un's brother. "
" : Doan Thi Huong, the lone suspect still in custody in the death of Kim Jong-un's half brother, is expected to be freed by ear"
"Found Sha Po Lang Vietnamese book in the bookstore I used to go.  was cramped inside one of the shelves. I picke "
"Vietnamese suspect in airport murder escapes death penalty after Malaysia reduces charge | Reuters "
" : Vietnamese woman accused of assassinating Kim Jong Nam should be a free woman again in about a month's time."
"BBC News - Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
" This is Vietnamese propaganda"
"    Most of the money sent to other countries goes by Western Union etc. Maybe "
" OMG   YOUR MV FILMED IN VIETNAM???'M VIETNAMESE AND I'M EXTREMELY EXCITED RIGHT NOW "
" : Want to spend a few hours with me, over a meal prepared by Top Chef David Phu, with proceeds supporting the Diasporic Vi"
"Vietnamese people eating American BBQ is hilariously epic! "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge - BBC News "
"An investigation highlights failings of Dutch and UK authorities to care properly for unaccompanied minors.://t.co/T0mbfT0kLg"
" healthcare startup secures $5m series A funding "
"BBC News Ti Vi - H tr  l t Vietnam City  Ph  Anh Qu "
"Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge in killing of Kim Jong-un's brother "
" : Doan Thi Huong, the Vietnamese woman accused of killing Kim Jong-un half-brother, has accepted a plea deal and could"
" A Vietnamese restaurant called Pho-natic! My kids love them!"
"Gotta wonder if there some kind of diplomatic prestige angle, given that they eventually released the Indonesian "
"Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge in assassination of Kim Jong Un half brother "
"Oily, coffee nose but dissipating on the pallet. RIS. Boozy without being alcoholy. Cold night in front of fireplac "
" : Hey #ARMY, we want you to remix our #BTS cover with a doodle bomb! Here's ours, show us yours "
" It so funny!  I trans your idea to Vietnamese?"
" : Use these blank images to doodle your own EW #BTS cover "
" : Ready. Set. Doodle bomb our #BTS cover! "
"Vietnamese customs have seized over nine tonnes of ivory found in a container shipment from the Republic of Congo, "
" nom Vietnamese food is love!"
"Vietnamese woman Doan Thi Huong sentenced over death of Kim Jong-un half "
" : Vietnamese defendant in Kim Jong Nam trial may walk free next month after plea deal "
"Vietnamese defendant in Kim Jong Nam trial may walk free next month after plea deal "
"Vietnamese defendant in Kim Jong Nam trial may walk free next month after plea deal "
"Vietnamese defendant in Kim Jong Nam trial may walk free next month after plea deal "
" Theres been a lot of attacks in Indians and Asians including Vietnamese traders at St Alban's.  Die to local "
"More : Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge in killing of Kim Jong-un's brother. "
"At the end, the vietnamese suspect gets only 3year and 1/3 jail sentence, the same thing in #Vietnam is a least u "
"Vietnamese Ao Dai is very beautiful, isn't it? "
" c (or  Nh) is a Vietnamese bowed string instrument with two strings. Its sound box is generally covered on "
"Vietnamese defendant in Kim Jong Nam trial may walk free next month after plea deal "
"Thinking about the Vietnam War today through pictures and stories of North Vietnamese soldiers and their families g "
"LIBREW WILL SHAKE TOMORROW WHOMSTE? "
" : 12 NG  NG #FAKELOVEto500M nhanh n m.n, ch 13.7M n th, gi em n tr th MV th 3 c N T tr"
"#Learnlight is hiring #virtual language teachers for the following languages: #German #French #Swedish #Malay "
"Vietnamese woman accused in North Korea assassination pleads guilty to lesser charge #Northkorea #Vietnam #Malaysia "
" please inform your colleagues that Jane Fonda did more than sit on an anti-aircraft gun! The POWs slipped "
"Hypocrisy in diplomacy sometimes reach way too high levels  MFA beg fair trial for #DoanThiHuong, suspec "
"Love Vietnamese egg coffee! "
" US murdered over a million Vietnamese,  raped many more"
" : Vietnamese woman accused of killing Kim Jong Un's brother accepts plea deal: A Vietnamese woman was sentenced Monday to three"
"Vietnamese woman receives three-year prison sentence over death of Kim Jong-un's half brother "
"Vietnamese woman accused of killing Kim Jong Un's brother accepts plea deal: A Vietnamese woman was sentenced Monda "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge, avoids death penalty "
" You can imagine Ed scrambling about to sign up The official Manchester United Supplier of  Lawn "
"BBC News - Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"  Kpop/jpop/cpop and some other like kazah, vietnamese and whatever else I find "
" We are Vietnamese"
"#Europe:   Kim Jong Nam murder: Vietnamese woman to be freed next month | Al Jazeera English "
"Just thinking about all the things I gonna order before they hand over the menu . you have a fave Vietna "
"   chey idk if im disgusted more at the person you are clowning on or your "
" :  Thanks for writing this. I seen images of this company stall at Smorgasburg and found them disturbing. T"
"Woman gets 3 years in plea deal for killing half-brother of Kim Jong Un "
". Jane Fonda was sitting on an ENEMY anti-aircraft gun, surrounded by North Vietnamese soldiers whose j "
" : In de afgelopen vijf jaar zijn er zeker zestig Vietnamese kinderen  onbekende bestemming verdwenen uit de beschermde opvang i"
"The Shard, The Tissue, An Affair - this short story I read on Muni Diaries last year - here's the podcast. It'll be "
"Vietnamese woman accused in North Korea assassination pleads guilty to lesser charge "
" :  VIETNAMESE://t.co/mr45ZsfFvQ "
"  you can change your currency settings... the  fellas found the lowest fia "
"NK News: Vietnamese suspect in Kim murder trail pleads guilty to new reduced charges "
"Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge in assassination of Kim Jong Un's half brother "
"BBC News - Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"Vietnamese suspect in airport murder escapes death penalty after Malaysia reduces charge "
"    ch SOPE"
" : Th m c qu  l b tag  l hi ra c acc ch SOPE ch b l  "
" News: Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge BBC News - Kim Jo "
"Give us your input! If you were not able to join the second Alief Neighborhood Center meeting earlier this month, p "
"Murder charge dropped for Doan Thi Huong, Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong Nam killing prosecutor told the "
"#a-zchallenge Vietnamese border "
"#ChildTrafficking #humantrafficking #forcedlabour #ModernSlavery: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch s "
" : WOMEN'S HALL OF FAME to induct jane fonda. all the women who have actually accomplished deeds to help mankind! l"
"Vietnamese woman accused in North Korea assassination pleads guilty to lesser charge - The Washington Post "
" : H nay c bae vote Show Champion ch n?  for  "
"  Vote  c 2 l  h c?"
"- Rows of wooden mortuary tablets inscribed with names line an altar at a Buddhist temple in Tokyo, silent testimon "
"Buddhist nun prays for Vietnamese workers who died in Japan "
" : T app tr r l theo  nh  for   ti d cmt  "
" : [ VOTE] 24/4   x nh d l trao gi ' TheFactMusic Awards 'r .  l c vote khi  c , vot"
" : Th m g cmt nh m.n  for  "
" : Vietnamese woman accused in North Korea assassination pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"Vietnamese woman gets over 3-year jail in Kim murder case #Kim #Vietnam #IPL2019 #IPL "
"Vietnamese suspect in airport murder escapes death penalty after Malaysia reduces charge "
"Easily translate text, words and sentences from Vietnamese to Korean and from Korean to Vietnamese language. "
"Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge in assassination of Kim Jong Un's half brother "
"Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge in assassination of Kim Jong Un's half brother: A Vietnamese woman "
"Easily translate text, words and sentences from English to Vietnamese and from Vietnamese to English language."
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
""
"Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese Doan sentenced to three years jail - Nation | The Star Online "
"Learn and Speak Vietnamese language easily."
"My first batch of #Pho a success. ......#vietnamese #soup #homecook #foodporn "
" : South Korea that has a very low currency still has a better economy than we do. have devalued a few times and st"
"Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge in assassination of Kim Jong Un's half brother "
"Wow. News - Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
" : Vietnamese country and people always welcome you... back Vi Nam  you so much babe  https://"
" : Vietnamese woman accused of killing Kim Jong Un's brother accepts plea deal "
"Vietnamese suspect in airport murder escapes death penalty after Malaysia reduces charge "
"Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge in assassination of Kim Jong Un's half brother "
"Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge in assassination of Kim Jong Un's half brother - #LatestComments"
" We should fear fascism. I don't know how picture made after South Vietnamese napalm bombing relates to it."
"BBC News - Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"Vietnamese woman accused of killing Kim Jong Un's brother accepts plea deal "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
" : Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge in Kim Jong-nam killing://t.co/SK2djiC9X2 "
" : Vietnamese woman who is lone suspect in custody for death of Kim Jong Nam sentenced to more than 3 years in prison for weapons char"
"I guess Monsanto's Agent Orange did enough damage to the Vietnamese? "
"#Vietnamese's hat "
" Consider yourself lucky you don't have big flocks of turkeys, or renegade escaped Vietnamese pot-bellied pigs."
" Th H "
"Is it just me or is juice wrld Vietnamese"
"Pack light because of how many memories and stories you'll be picking up along the way. -- K.P. | "
"  Yes, I've posted many times about Nixon and Kissinger sabotaging those talks, thus extendi "
"Vietnamese Police Officers Raid the Largest Illegal Gambling Den in Central Highlands Forest  "
" 2 and vietnamese"
"A Vietnamese woman accused of killing Kim Jong-nam, the half-brother of North Korea's leader, pleads guilty to a le "
" :  Th H b tuy 3 n 4 th t "
"I not ready to say goodbye to Vietnamese food."
" : Vietnamese woman gets jail time over airport death of DPRK man "
"Spa treatments with a glorious treat!  . and enjoy your beauty and nailcare treatments and enjoy a delicio "
" : #BTS # #MAP_OF_THE_SOUL_PERSONA Concept Photo version 1 "
" : #BTS # #MAP_OF_THE_SOUL_PERSONA Concept Photo version 1 "
" : [C NH 01.04 ]               STREAM+  : 486M+       (G 13M N ): 526.1M+: 681.5M+"
"   H nh c  sn 2k"
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge#KimJongNammurder #Vietnamesewoman "
"   Me too TT"
"  Em c m v n "
" : Tr  tui m  h v  l nhi qu r sao   "
"New post on my blog: Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge  BBC News "
"New post on my blog: Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination  The New York Times "
"Doan Thi Huong, the lone suspect still in custody in the death of Kim Jong-un's half brother, is expected to be fre "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination  The New York Times #newyork"
" Cc Vietnamese"
"of orgy gail kim naked pics keira knightley fake naked drosophila sex free pics of lesbians fucking hayden  ?? lope "
" *screaming but silently in vietnamese*"
" Vietnamese students have invented an air-filtering device for bicycle / Studenci z Wietnamu wymy urz "
"Kim Jong Nam murder trial: Vietnamese defendant to be freed after guilty plea "
" : omg. freaked out while watching Us because there was a VIETNAMESE REFERENCE IN THE MOVIE!! th (on the daughter's hoodie"
" I have ordered before on your website for Vietnamese meal. Tried to order again today and it said that th "
"Vietnamese Woman Pleads Guilty in Killing of Kim Jong Un Half-Brother "
" : BBC News - Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
" ( Khanh's Vietnamese Kitchen Ginza 999 in , ) "
"New post has been published!! -&gt; [Day4-2] - "
"We are working to provide this type of collaboration but on a private scale in hopes of enabling more learning oppo "
""
" : Goed dat de Kamer oproept onderzoek te doen naar #Vietnamese kinderen die verdwijnen uit de Beschermde Opvang. "
"Are you Vietnamese  Yes. Laotian also. "
"Check out the 34 languages you can learn with us!  "
"BBC News - Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"Tuong's Art Traditional Music in Ha Noi | Vietnamese's Art Traditional "
"Many just know of the My Lai Massacre... don't know that it became a common phrase in the US Army to say If "
" :  KIM JONG-NAM MURDER CHARGE DROPPED woman in Kim Jong-nam murder case to be released in May "
" ( Khun Aor's Vietnamese Cuisine in Lat Phrao, Bangkok) "
"Vietnamese woman in Kim Jong-nam assassination to walk free next month will walk free in May. Court sentenc "
"Vietnamese suspect in airport murder escapes death penalty after Malaysia reduces charge |  "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"Vietnamese suspect in airport murder escapes death penalty after Malaysia reduces charge - FiWEH Life - "
"Vietnamese is so vulgar when englishified it be like ph c b x"
"I think the whole minorities in a piece of media being seen as political is sort of funny in how ridiculous it is. "
"With~ Kim Jonghyun - Nu'est Leader Vietnamese Fanpage In the ocean. Baby goblin JR"
"The judge sentenced Huong to three years and four months to be served starting from her date of arrest in February "
". Devlin covers Stay With Me (Sam Smith)://t.co/HERVEcfKjC ki: (Vietnamese) To wi "
"Vietnamese accused of murdering Kim Jong Nam (sister of KJUn) escapes death penalty. The judge sentenced her to 40 "
"Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge in killing of Kim Jong Un's estranged half brother. "
"  There was another Naval Capt. in the Navy, Hanoi Hilton and of course who got far more mi "
"Kim Jong Nam suspect could go free next month Vietnamese woman who is in custody for the killing of the North Ko "
" : Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
" : Vietnamese Noodle Salad with Pork, fresh and bright and flavorful! &gt;&gt;&gt; #ad  http"
"#HunSen blasts #US government for 1970 coup #nullissime #KhmerRouge #cpp #GovernmentCpp #Vietnamese://t.co/i9TkD2o7X"
" It's funny. May I trans to Vietnamese and reup, please? will proper credit."
"Vietnamese woman suspect in Kim Jong Nam assassination case to be freed as murder charge is dropped "
"Vietnamese woman accused in North Korea assassination pleads guilty to lesser charge "
""
"Lanterns of Hoi An. told that Chinese who had escaped from Qing rule shared the art of lantern making with t "
"BBC News - Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
" :  Isang binatang Vietnamese ~  #ZBoys "
"April is here and a great opportunity to see the new temple in the Vietnamese Thailand style that opens today in th "
"#MoFASpoz on Malaysian court ruling on Vietnamese citizen #DoanThiHuong ://t.co/x7BZTtpdf6 "
"Overseas students need smart choice for success: A Vietnamese student in Japan works after "
"Vietnamese woman accused in North Korea assassination pleads guilty to lesser charge "
" Ch buoi sang!!! (in Vietnamese)"
"Walking Around Hue, Vietnam.://t.co/HxeZ0UCNOR#vietnam #hue #vietnamese #pho #bunbohue #vietnamesecuisine "
"Vietnamese Woman Pleads Guilty in Killing of Kim Jong Un Half-Brother - WSJ "
"Malaysia reduces charge against Vietnamese suspect in airport murder "
"Vietnamese in Kim Jong Nam murder trial in Malaysia gets 40 "
" highlights failings of #Dutch and #UK authorities to care properly for unaccompanied minors "
"Zeker zestig Vietnamese kinderen zijn verdwenen na aankomst in Nederland. Luister de aflevering van   t "
" I'm gonna stomp that dogs head in then sell the corpses to a Vietnamese restraunt"
" KIM JONG-NAM MURDER CHARGE DROPPED woman in Kim Jong-nam murder case to be released in May "
"Vietnamese gidsen hanteren naast hun eigen naam ook een Westerse. Hoang noemde zich Leo. Van het een kwam het ander "
"Important article highlighting the crucial need to give proper care to unaccompanied children entering the UK to pr "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge  BBC News: - Kim Jong "
"Vietnamese woman sentenced to 3 years and 4 months in jail for death of DPRK man in "
" We all miss you KUN KUN! Vietnamese IKUN miss you!!!"
"Vietnamese woman pleads guilty and is sentenced over Kim Jong Nam assassination - The Washington Post "
"Ride-hailing firm Go-Jek says Duc Nguyen, CEO of its Vietnamese unit Go-Viet, is transitioning an advisory position "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
" : Vietnamese suspect in airport murder escapes death penalty after Malaysia reduces charge #news #f"
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination "
" Vietnamese woman jailed for killing Kim Jong's brother - The Times  ://t.co/oLRZyXVxHx"
"Vietnamese suspect in airport murder escapes death penalty after Malaysia reduces charge #news #feedly"
""
" : #CroozefmNews Vietnamese woman accused of killing Kim Jong-nam, the half-brother of North Korea's leader, has pleaded gu"
"Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge in murder of Kim half-brother "
"Met name Vietnamese kinderen zijn kwetsbaar en verdwijnen uit de beschermde opvang. er ook afrikaans en arab "
"BBC News - Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge://t.co/KscrsikNZx"
"Vietnamese agriculture giant enjoys a highly fruitful year: HAGL bananas displayed on "
" : Former Georgia gubernatorial candidate Stacey Abrams recently opened up about a childhood friendship she had with a Vietn"
"  And whose favourite Vietnamese eatery is Roll'd"
" : Malaysia offers alternative charge to Vietnamese accused in Kim Jong Nam murder case  "
"'I wish for...' - Vietnamese kids on Tet - TIC VIETNAM - "
"BBC News - Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"Vietnamese woman pleads guilty in killing of Kim Jong Un half-brother "
"A Vietnamese woman accused of assassinating the North Korean leader half-brother is to walk free after Malaysia d "
"Vietnamese woman accused of killing North Korean leader's brother accepts plea deal "
"#NorthKorea #KimJongUn #Vietnam #murder #murders#KimJongnam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charg "
"Skip ordering takeout tonight and make an Asian-inspired recipe at home! Chinese-, Thai-, Vietnamese-, and Japanese "
" : Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
"Vietnamese woman accused in North Korea assassination pleads guilty to lesser charge ://t.co/2KKYaCzYkI"
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"Skip ordering takeout tonight and make an Asian-inspired recipe at home! Chinese-, Thai-, Vietnamese-, and Japanese "
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
"BBC News - Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"pagagawan ka speech para sa vietnamese na principal sa graduation na alam nilang di mo aattendan, stuniyoyoin? "
" : Vietnamese woman receives three-year prison sentence over death of Kim Jong-un's half brother "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination "
" : The Vietnamese corporate dong-denominated market is the smallest of ASEAN six corporate bond markets. But the tiny market"
"Kim Murder Suspect Escapes Death Penalty After Malaysia Reduces Charge "
"Kim Jong Nam trial: Malaysia drops second murder charge prosecutors have dropped a murder charge against "
" : The Vietnamese suspect in the murder case of #KimJongUn half-brother, is given a lesser charge of causing harm and w"
" : #BREAKING Doan Thi Huong, a Vietnamese woman suspected of assassinating the North Korean leader's half-brother #KimJongN"
"Vietnamese woman accused in North Korea assassination pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"Brothers and sisters are as close as hands and feet - Vietnamese Proverb#writeshort374"
"BBC News - Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"BBC News - Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"Kim Jong Nam trial: Malaysia drops second murder charge prosecutors have dropped a murder charge against "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"Vietnamese Woman Pleads Guilty To Kim Jong-Nam Murder "
" All good. I can't do as you ask. I can't prove it or otherwise. Mass Greek, Italian immigration, V "
" : Malaysia reduces charge against Vietnamese suspect in airport murder read more go on ://t.co/5OsQGZrUVH https://"
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser "
" Isang binatang Vietnamese ~  #ZBoys "
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
"It is so amazing and awesome that the Classical Music Scene in North America is dominated by Sophisticated and Cult "
"Kim Murder Suspect Escapes Death Penalty After Malaysia Reduces Charge "
"A Vietnamese woman accused of using a nerve agent to kill Kim Jong-un's half brother was sentenced to 40 months aft "
"I'm the only person who comes from Vietnam and as you know about Vietnamese people, they don't always lie to each o "
"If you never used this are you even Vietnamese ? "
" :   I feel like fake &amp; counterfeit are being used wrongly in this particular context. Every manufacturer h"
" : Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese Doan sentenced to three years' jail://t.co/QU5dDLN2sR "
"South Korea's Vietnamese Comfort Women repost: #comfortwomen #glendale #palisadespark #Fairfax #VA #Virginia"
"Vietnamese Police Officers Raid the Largest Illegal Gambling Den in Central Highlands Forest #Gambling "
"Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong Nam killing given reduced charge - #GoogleAlerts"
"Doan Thi Huong, the Vietnamese woman accused in the killing of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un's half-brother, sent "
"  Wait, that's literally the exact word we use in Vietnamese too  Al?"
"Vietnamese woman accused of murdering Kim Jong Un half-brother sentenced to more than three years in prison after "
"    I don think the small appendage doctor is even a doctor. Jus "
" : Happy #TransDayOfVisibility , I'm kyle/corn, im a tiny vietnamese goblin that wants gold. I'm trans/pan for how many goddamn y"
" In Vietnamese we say: Xin ch...."
"Kawawa yung vietnamese hindi nakapasok sa top20 "
"WOMEN'S HALL OF FAME to induct jane fonda. all the women who have actually accomplished deeds to help mankind! "
"Vietnamese Woman Accused of Killing Kim Jong Un Brother Pleads to Lesser Charge "
"The Vietnamese suspect in the murder case of #KimJongUn half-brother, is given a lesser charge of causing harm an "
"Vietnamese suspect in airport murder escapes death penalty after Malaysia reduces charge "
"#VietnameseWoman Accused Of Killing #NorthKoreaLeader Half-brother Avoids #DeathPenalty "
"Vietnamese woman accused in North Korea assassination pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"The family of the Vietnamese woman accused of killing Kim Jong Un's half-brother 'happy' after her murder charge re "
"Vietnamese Woman Accused Of Killing North Korea Leader's Half-brother Avoids Death Penalty#Nipsey#HappyNewMonth "
" : DFM/Head of #VietNam #ASEAN SOM #NguyenQuocDung led a Vietnamese delegation to attend the 32nd -US Dialogue which wa"
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"Vietnamese woman accused in North Korea assassination pleads guilty to lesser "
" : Malaysia reduces charge against Vietnamese suspect in DPRK case "
"Sau 1945, Nh B   v tham nh c cao "
"Director Le-Van Kiet on Furie, the action-packed Vietnamese martial arts film - Nerd Reactor  "
"#Vietnamese woman pleads guilty and is sentenced over Kim Jong Nam assassination #1News "
"Khmer Nation: Strongman Hun Sen won't allow Sam Rainsy to return home due to his accusation that the PM wife and el "
"Vietnamese Woman Pleads Guilty in Killing of Kim Jong Un's Half-Brother "
"Green curry of beef with Vietnamese rice vermicelli (fake kanom jeen) and side vegetables, of course. Cucumber and "
"My default subs were in Vietnamese and I didn even notice lmaoo"
"A Vietnamese woman accused of assassinating the North Korean leader's half-brother is to walk free after Malaysia d "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"Malaysia reduces charge against Vietnamese suspect in DPRK case "
"Feeling Sad. //thestar.com.my/news/nation/2019/04/01/kim-jong-nam-murder-vietnamese-suspect-pleads-guilty-to-lesser "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
" : Vietnamese vrouw die dodelijk gif in gezicht halfbroer Kim Jong-Un smeerde krijgt drie jaar cel.  "
"A Vietnamese woman accused of killing the half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un escaped the death penalt "
"Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong Nam killing given reduced charge "
"Truong Saipan !!! a FREE Vietnamese iced coffee with the purchase of a regular priced entr.  Dine in onl "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge. Not good: Defendants were unable to testify "
"making another filler video, send cursed pvz images include but are not limited to: pvz1 texture changes "
"Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong Nam killing given reduced charge "
"Vietnamese woman accused in North Korea assassination pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"VIDEO: A Vietnamese woman accused of assassinating the North Korean leader's half-brother is to walk free after Mal "
"VIDEO: A Vietnamese woman accused of assassinating the North Korean leader's half-brother is to walk free after Mal "
" Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong Nam killing given reduced charge "
"Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong-nam killing will be freed in May "
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
" Hmmmm...You are forgetting  who was really good as a Vietnamese guy. Gak gampang lho jadi o "
"Try some of these Vietnamese ragworm cakes next time you're in the country - they're not as bad as they sound "
"Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong Nam killing given reduced charge Ei Sun, a senior fellow with the Singapore Inst "
"Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong Nam killing given reduced charge "
"National Women's Hall of Fame may lose funding over induction of Jane Fonda "
"Kim Murder Suspect Escapes Death Penalty After Malaysia Reduces Charge "
"Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong Nam murder handed prison term "
"Vietnamese woman accused in North Korea assassination pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"10 languages are supported: English, Mandarin, French, Japanese, German, Spanish, Turkish, Russian, Korean and Viet "
"Vietnamese vrouw die dodelijk gif in gezicht halfbroer Kim Jong-Un smeerde krijgt drie jaar cel.  "
" I looked for it after you told me to search it. I didn't know this existed and at the time you talked ab "
"VIDEO: A Vietnamese woman accused of assassinating the North Korean leader's half-brother is to walk free after Mal "
" : Venezuela: T th l th t phong Guaid ch qu   h "
" Ch c thi cu k t lu (lol yeah it's unusual for me to talk in Vietnamese so I know how you feel)"
" : Congrats communities and ! Cambodian indigenous communities win back their sacred land from Vietnamese r"
"A soldier rescuing Vietnamese"
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination "
"Came across this piece by Stephen Howes, about the broom sellers of Hanoi, while clearing my mailbox tonight. Over "
" "
"Viaje Asean is a local Vietnamese agency formed by a group of guides with experiences and excellent command of the "
"Vietnamese accused of killing Kim Jong Nam escapes death penalty with plea deal://t.co/Nos1js8OP3 chance "
" Are you Vietnamese???"
"Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong Nam killing given reduced charge #UTBreakingNews"
"Vietnamese researchers at  came up with an ultralight material made from PET plastic bottles, contribut "
"Biopic on legendary Vietnamese musician Trinh Cong Son in the works "
"Vietnamese researchers repurpose plastic waste with world's first PET aerogel - Viet Nam News "
"Happy #TransDayOfVisibility , I'm kyle/corn, im a tiny vietnamese goblin that wants gold. I'm trans/pan for how man "
"Vietnamese suspect in airport murder escapes death penalty after Malaysia reduces charge "
"El coronel si tiene quien le escriba : Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilt... "
"Vietnamese woman accused of killing Kim Jong Nam escapes death penalty  via KVIA News "
"Vietnamese law seems to have a defining problem "
"'Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain,' via  "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination - "
"I've just posted a new blog: Vietnamese suspect in airport murder escapes death penalty after Malaysia reduces char "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
" : [#JiminNews]|190401|[NAVER MAIN PAGE NEWS] Jimin Fan Dance, Perfect Recreation by Vietnamese High School Students"
"A Vietnamese woman accused of using a nerve agent to kill Kim Jong-un's half brother was sentenced to 40 months aft "
" :  is featured in  for their huge contribution to Vietnamese disadvantaged children "
"Japanese song and dancing by Vietnamese University students://t.co/3l9AjyCaSS"
"#Vietnamese Woman Sentenced to 40 months in #KimJongNam #Assassination after pleading guilty to a lesser charge of "
"Perhaps they rlly are accusing him of both lmao ( Vietnamese sugar daddy ..) "
" : #KimJongNam's death will not be avenged it seems, nobody cares. First #Indonesia's Siti Aisyah went scot-free, now #Vietna"
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination "
"Madame Vo Barbecue's Beef Seven Ways multicourse feast is a filling, decently priced, and generally delicious exp "
"Mixing a poem with Vietnamese traditional music background  I have a vocal Vietnamese poem that is about 100 second "
"Kim Jong Un's half-brother's murder: Vietnamese woman escapes death penalty "
""
" : It amazing what these Vietnamese guys can get on their scooters "
"Vietnamese healthcare startup secures $5m series A funding "
"Vietnamese woman pleads guilty in killing of Kim Jong Un half-brother "
"*di coffee shop*: what ur fav coffee here?: vietnamese coffee: oke ice caramel late please (dah "
"My inner Vietnamese child just shed a single tear. Life could been so easy if I knew this. "
"Vietnamese, Lao parties enhance archival cooperation "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"We just uploaded a new youtube video. Vietnamese Rice Paper Roll with lemongrass beef. Healthy. Simple. Delicious. "
"Vietnamese Dance in Japan://t.co/RwsAzlvgkW"
"Vietnamese woman accused of killing Kim Jong-un's half-brother avoids death penalty "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"The Latest: Envoy welcomes quick release of Vietnam suspect ambassador to Malaysia says he appreciates th "
"Belady Hair Company Vietnam provides 100% unprocessed human hair from Vietnamese and Cambodian virgin human hair. "
"Woman escapes death penalty in Kim Jong Un's half-brother's murder "
"Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge in Kim Jong-nam killing://t.co/SK2djiC9X2 "
" : Vietnamese woman accused of killing Kim Jong-un's half-brother avoids death penalty "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge - BBC News: * Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese "
" Investigation by The Observer and Argos Radio revealed that, in the past 5 years, at least 60 Viet "
" : #IEWorld | The Vietnamese woman, who is the only suspect in custody for the killing of the Kim Jong Nam, pleaded guilty"
"Investigation by The Observer and Argos Radio revealed that, in the past 5 years, at least 60 Vietnamese children h "
"A Vietnamese woman accused of assassinating the North Korean leader's half-brother accepted a lesser charge Monday "
"Vietnamese woman jailed for killing Kim Jong's brother - The Times-"
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
" i forgot u were vietnamese for a sec + i do!"
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"Biopic on legendary Vietnamese musician Trinh Cong Son in the works "
""
"Vietnamese woman accused in North Korea assassination pleads guilty to lesser "
"Vietnamese woman gets jail time over airport death of DPRK man "
"VIETNAMESE COFFEEGELATO"
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge - BBC News "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge Doan Thi Huong pleads guilty to a lesser charg "
"Malaysia drops murder charge against Vietnamese woman in North Korea case - #GoogleAlerts"
"Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"#IEWorld | The Vietnamese woman, who is the only suspect in custody for the killing of the Kim Jong Nam, pleaded gu "
" : AG decided to release the Indonesian accused due to good relation and Vietnamese accused charge was amended which led her t"
"Vietnamese woman Doan Thi Huong sentenced over death of Kim Jong-un's half brother - ABC News (Australian Broadcast "
"Vietnamese woman gets jail time over airport death of DPRK man "
"t nh noun meaning building in Vietnamese #Vietnamese #building"
" Th H tho  t h, nh m  3 n 4 th t giam t phi t  Malaysia s 1/4. nh m "
" : Tale of two sities . Indonesian accused was discharged and now seeking full acquittal , Vietnamese accused was not so"
"Vietnamese Woman Pleads Guilty in Killing of Kim Jong Un Half-Brother "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge  Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads "
"#KimJongNam's death will not be avenged it seems, nobody cares. First #Indonesia's Siti Aisyah went scot-free, now "
"Vietnamese healthcare startup secures $5m series A funding "
"Vietnamese woman gets jail time over airport death of DPRK man "
"South Korea that has a very low currency still has a better economy than we do. have devalued a few times an "
"#BREAKINGNEWSNOW:Lawyer says Vietnamese suspect pleads guilty to a reduced charge in Kim Jong Nam's death, asks for leniency. (via )"
"So what do other countries call #AprilFoolsDay? - Verzenderkesdag ('s Errand Day) and Italian - "
"Vietnamese suspect in airport murder escapes death penalty after Malaysia reduces charge "
"This is a great opportunity for Vietnamese activists to gain more knowledge about The Human Rights  "
"Vietnamese vrouw die halfbroer Kim Jong-un doodde krijgt drie jaar cel "
"Vietnamese vrouw die dodelijk gif in gezicht halfbroer Kim Jong-Un smeerde krijgt drie jaar cel. "
"Vietnamese woman jailed for causing hurt on Kim Chol #KimJongnam #KimJongUn #myedgeprop "
"BBC News - Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"Vietnamese Woman Accused of Killing Kim Jong Un Brother Pleads to Lesser Charge "
"JAPANESE ORIENTAL GIRL MASSAGE BOUNDS GREEN "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"COU SYTEM IN VIETNAM IS A FUCKING JOKE!!! "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"Vietnamese accused of murdering Kim Jong Nam escapes death penalty with plea deal://t.co/wn7W4jAcaH"
"Steps Toward the Establishment of a Commercial Aquaculture Insurance Program: Lessons from an Assessment of the Vie "
"   Not only that. Even the Vietnamese were able to defeat the US."
"Vietnamese woman accused in North Korea assassination pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination - #GoogleAlerts"
"Malaysian prosecutors who allowed North Korea secret agents responsible for the murder of Kim Jong half-brother "
"Let's go to visit Vietnam at Tet holiday of Vietnamese "
"Vietnamese woman gets jail time over airport death of DPRK man "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"Vietnamese woman accused of killing Kim Jong-un's half-brother avoids death penalty "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"What dish to try - #Banhxeo Vietnamese pancake "
"SINGAPORE  A Vietnamese woman who is the sole remaining suspect over the murder of Kim Jong Nam, the half brother "
"Dang a Vietnamese woman killed Kim Jong Un half bro? Ok  let go for trump now"
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge - BBC News "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
" : Thank you H Quang Qu Lam Vong C (FB page)  for translated the Vietnamese version for this sketch comic~ "
"Vietnamese healthcare startup secures $5m series A funding "
" It was a sham of a trial! Indonesian co-defendant was released for the same crime, same evidenc "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"New post (Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge) has been published on  - "
"'Gisteren in Nieuwsuur: 60 minderjarige Vietnamese asielzoekers onder dubieuze omstandigheden verdwenen. Nationaal "
" She famous alright. For handling over an American POWs note for help that was slipped to her to as she toure "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination "
"#tourist at the Cu Chin Forest#the Vietnamese history#adventure travels#theartoftravel## "
"Vietnamese Woman Accused of Killing Kim Jong Un Brother Pleads to Lesser Charge "
" Yes, we called it g in Vietnamese"
" : A Vietnamese woman accused of assassinating the North Korean leader's half-brother will walk free in May after pleading gui"
"Vietnamese healthcare startup secures $5m series A funding "
" Go to Monsieur Vuong for Vietnamese dinner and Shiso Burger for Korean. Gorki park for drinks (stiff "
"Vietnamese healthcare startup secures $5m series A funding "
"Vietnamese accused of murdering the half-brother of North Korean leader arrives in "
"Vietnamese healthcare startup secures $5m series A funding #itc4 #m4 #tech24 #FrenchTech"
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain. Investigation highlights fa "
"In last week news wrap Vietnamese customs have seized over nine tonnes of ivory in a container shipment from the "
"Update: Vietnamese suspect in airport murder escapes death penalty after M'sia reduces charge - Reuters "
"Vietnamese healthcare startup secures $5m series A funding  "
"Vietnamese suspect in airport murder escapes death penalty after Malaysia reduces charge "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge - BBC News "
"A Vietnamese woman accused of killing the North Korean leader's half-brother has escaped the death penalty after Ma "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge - FiWEH Life - "
"Vietnamese healthcare startup secures $5m series A funding "
" : Vietnamese accused of murdering the half-brother of North Korean leader arrives in court "
"A fascinating piece about  founder Vincent Mourou who's making tree-to-bar chocolate (made where cac "
"Vietnamese accused of murdering the half-brother of North Korean leader arrives in court... "
"Vietnamese accused of murdering the half-brother of North Korean leader arrives in court "
"  My local French Vietnamese bakery manages to get the icing sugar from the cupcakes onto t "
"Vietnamese Doan Thi Huong, center, is escorted by police as she leaves Shah Alam High Court in Shah Alam, Malaysia, "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman accused of killing North Korea leader&amp;apos;s half-brother avoids death penalt "
"Th Lan kh cho  C S tranh c "
"Murder, meh. "
"dad it 9:30am why are you already singing vietnamese songs at the top of your lungs"
"A Vietnamese woman who is the only suspect in custody for the killing of the North Korean leader's brother pleaded "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"It's been two years to the day that my dad tricked me into believing he had received a letter stating he was relate "
"A #Vietnamese woman who is the only suspect in custody for the killing of the North Korean leader half brother pl "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"TwitterMoments: Doan Thi Huong, the Vietnamese woman accused of killing Kim Jong-un half-brother, has accepted a "
" : The High Court here today sentenced a Vietnamese woman to jail for three years and four months after she pleaded guilty"
"Woman accepts lesser charge over murder of Kim Jong Un half-brother "
"My heart is melting on the bus today  Vietnamese mum reading Peppa Pig to her wee son in a strong accent, explaini "
"The stepmother of a #Vietnamese woman accused of killing the half brother of #NorthKorea's leader said Monday she w "
"A Vietnamese woman accused of assassinating the North Korean leader's half-brother is to walk free after Malaysia d "
"#Vietnamese woman pleads guilty and is sentenced over Kim Jong Nam assassination #1News "
" : Great to join the Australian Vietnamese Women's Association for their Cultural Expo. A day full of cultural activities"
"Vietnamese woman accused in North Korea assassination pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination "
"Vietnamese woman receives three-year prison sentence over death of Kim Jong-un's half brother "
" : I cee our sologan got mentioned again  . Ahh someone please translate this i bet she says something about Vietnames"
"#Update |  Vietnamese woman jailed for causing hurt on Kim Chol "
" Why are Vietnamese authorities so wary of Hmong Christianity?  ://t.co/XgdRrKjR42"
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge, , "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge  "
"  I feel like fake &amp; counterfeit are being used wrongly in this particular context. Every manufa "
"The Vietnamese woman accused in the killing of #KimJongUn's half-brother, Kin Jong Nam, in a Kuala Lumpur airport t "
"Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge in assassination  #SCPOTUS  fratricidal BFF Ki "
"            "
" : CABE Conference 2019 Was outstanding! Once again I had the privilege of presenting with Dr. Natalie Tran and Dr. Renae"
"Vietnamese suspect in airport murder escapes death penalty after Malaysia reduces charge "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: #Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"A Vietnamese woman accused of killing the half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un escaped the death penalty "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge | Kim murder suspect escapes death penalty "
"A Vietnamese woman accused of killing the half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un escaped the death penalty "
"The Latest: Kim suspect pleads guilty to lower charge Latest on the trial of a Vietnamese woman in the killing "
"Malaysia prosecutors offer lower charge for lone Kim suspect prosecutors have offered to reduce a murder "
"Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese Doan sentenced to three years jail "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
" : A Vietnamese woman accused of killing the half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un escaped the death penalty on Monday"
"A Vietnamese woman accused of killing the half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un escaped the death penalty "
"Vietnamese woman pleads guilty and is sentenced over Kim Jong Nam assassination "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination "
" : Ella is nobody's fool- and certainly not an April one! This smart girl knows all the sunny spots to relax in, with pal Fox"
" : Weeks after Siti Aisyah had charges against her dropped. Vietnamese woman Doan Thi Huong, was today sentenced to 3 years an"
"celebrate Dang Battle + Vietnamese Metal "
"   You know what trip me out about white Americans, they act like American so "
"New post:  be strong: family tells Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong Nam murder who escaped death penalty "
"Doan Thi Huong was found guilty of voluntarily causing hurt with dangerous weapons and might be released in May://t.co/igGoV3q2lh"
"  Pho? Vietnamese soup? "
" hahahaha. she's vietnamese or pinoy. not sure either one"
"Vietnamese suspect in airport murder escapes death penalty after Malaysia reduces charge "
"#Vietnamese woman pleads guilty and is sentenced over Kim Jong Nam assassination #1News "
" : Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong Nam murder handed prison term "
"Vietnamese woman pleads guilty and is sentenced over Kim Jong Nam assassination #world "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"BBC News - Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge - BBC News Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese wo "
"  Like religion&gt;my future. I'm lucky I told her in Vietnamese. I backtracked and gave the excus "
"Vietnamese relieved on Kim Jong-Nam death after accepting three years of lesser charge. "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination - The New York Times "
"Dia de experimentar o Vietnamese Coffe, caf do Vietn. Extra na  a prensa ou filtro deles, servido com tr "
"Weeks after Siti Aisyah had charges against her dropped. Vietnamese woman Doan Thi Huong, was today sentenced to 3 "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge  BBC News "
"A Vietnamese woman accused of killing  Jong-nam, the half-brother of North Korea's leader, has pleaded guilty t "
"Wil je onze uitzending over de verdwenen Vietnamese kinderen terugluisteren? Dat kan via deze link, of als #podcast: "
"Amerislamunderway Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"It amazing what these Vietnamese guys can get on their scooters "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination "
"So happy that I can help people communicate effectively at work  the original English, my "
"Good News:  has supported Vietnamese !!#Blockchain "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser "
" : Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese Doan's stepmum happy with new sentence://t.co/NrckCX4pyz "
"Where is justice? News - Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
""
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge - BBC News copyright EPA caption "
"Resettled Spaces: #Examining the Home / C Kh Gian T  C: T Hi Kh Ni Nh - will explore how the d "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination "
"Vietnamese woman jailed for causing hurt on Kim Chol "
"Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong Nam murder handed prison term "
"This policy proved to be #unsuccessful, and soon after there was a secondary #migration effect towards #population "
"Vietnamese woman accused of assassinating Kim Jong Nam should be a free woman again in about a month's time. "
"It was #government policy to #disperse the #refugees across the #British Isles, primarily for two reasons, toshare "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination by SHARON TAN and RICHARD C. PADDOCK via NYT "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination "
"Kim Jong Un's half-brother Kim Jong Nam's murder: Vietnamese woman Doan Thi Huong escapes death penalty "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination by SHARON TAN and RICHARD C. PADDOCK "
" . vietnamese Women's Museum "
"Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese Doan's stepmum happy with new sentence://t.co/NrckCX4pyz "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination by SHARON TAN and RICHARD C. PADDOCK via NYT "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge / Read more: "
"Vietnamese suspect in airport murder escapes death penalty after Malaysia reduces charge "
"These groups of #refugees felt it was no longer safe in their #home, and thus took the chance to make this perilous "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination by SHARON TAN and RICHARD C. "
"The High Court here today sentenced a Vietnamese woman to jail for three years and four months after she pleaded gu "
"Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge in killing of Kim Jong Un half brother "
" Thanh is Vietnamese artist  I'm proud"
"Vietnamese woman pleads guilty in killing of Kim Jong Un half-brother "
"Following the end of the 2nd #Indochina #War &amp; the #Sino-Vietnamese border conflict, left #Vietnam, including "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination by SHARON TAN and RICHARD C. PADDOCK via NYT "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination by SHARON TAN and RICHARD C. PADDOCK via NYT "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination#World "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination by SHARON TAN and RICHARD C. PADDOCK via NYT "
"A Vietnamese woman accused of assassinating the North Korean leader's half-brother will walk free in May after plea "
"Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge in killing of little man's estranged half brother. "
"#Resettled Spaces#Examining The #Home: The #Vietnamese #Experience in the #UK us on opening night 5 April 6-9 "
"Kim Jong Un's half-brother Kim Jong Nam's murder: Vietnamese woman Doan Thi Huong escapes death penalty "
" The commemoration must be celebrated after sunset and before sunrise (Exodus 34:25): "
"Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge in killing of Kim Jong Un's estranged half brother. "
"The commemoration must be celebrated after sunset and before sunrise (Exodus 34:25):: "
" : Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain #LostinEurope  "
"Siri, what the Vietnamese for ? "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge #bbc"
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination - The New York Times "
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain #vietnamese"
"      vietnamese Women's Museum "
"Vietnamese accused of Killing Kim Jong Nam escapes death penalty with plea deal integrity of Malaysia is  call "
"BBCWorld: Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge - BBC News-"
"The  says the Dutch government is failing to protect young asylum seekers, especially Vietnamese who a "
"A Vietnamese woman accused of assassinating the North Korean leader's half-brother is to walk free after Malaysia d "
" : Malaysia drops murder charge against Vietnamese woman accused of killing Kim Jong Un brother #p"
"Kim Jong Un's half-brother's murder: Vietnamese woman to be freed Thi Huong, right, leaves Shah Alam High Cou "
"Above and Beyond  #aboveandbeyond #minnesota #minneapolis #asians #girls #filipino #vietnamese #friends "
"Prosecutors drop murder charge against Vietnamese woman over death of North Korean man at Malaysian airport "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination "
" Kim assassination Vietnamese suspect to be freed as murder charge dropped"
"ABCNEWS reports Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge in killing of Kim Jong Un's estranged half brother. "
"Prosecutors drop murder charge against Vietnamese woman over death of North Korean man at Malaysian airport "
" : Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"Lawyer: Vietnamese woman Doan Thi Huong - accused of assassinating the North Korean leader's half-brother - is to be freed in May"
"BBC News Ti Vi -  Th H 'd ki  tr t do v th N' "
" : Vietnamese Doan Thi Huong sentenced to 3 years and 4 months  in jail after she pleaded guilty to a lesser charge of causi"
" : According to an article I'm reviewing, of all nations, Australia contains the largest amount of memorials to Vietnamese boa"
"#DoanThiHuong - The Vietnamese woman accused of assassinating the North Korean citizen Kim Chol, or #KimJongNam by "
"She could be out of prison next month "
"Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge in killing of Kim Jong Un's estranged half brother. "
"Malaysia reduces charge against Vietnamese suspect in airport murder read more go on ://t.co/5OsQGZrUVH "
"Jail sentence for Vietnamese suspect in DPRK citizen death "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge - BBC News "
"Malaysian judge sentences Vietnamese woman to more than three years after she pleads guilty to a weapons charge in "
"Vietnamese woman pleads guilty and is sentenced over Kim Jong Nam assassination "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination woman, Doan Thi Huong, 30, pleaded guilty to the lesse "
"C treo Y T  #captreo #captreoyentu #yentumountain #yentu #uongbicity #quangninh #Vietnamese #VietNam "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge  BBC "
" nytimes: A Vietnamese woman accused of using a nerve agent to kill Kim Jong-un's half brother was sentenced to 4 "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination by SHARON TAN and RICHARD C. PADDOCK via NYT The New Yor "
"Vietnamese suspect in airport murder escapes death penalty after Malaysia reduces charge "
" : Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain.  "
"Vietnamese accused of Killing Kim Jong Nam escapes death penalty with plea deal "
"Vietnamese accused of Killing Kim Jong Nam escapes death penalty with plea deal "
" : #Malaisie la Vietnamiene impliqu dans l'affaire du meurtre de Kim Jong Nam le demi-fr du leader de la #Cor "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination "
"Vietnamese woman who used VX nerve agent to kill Kim Jong-un's brother in a Kuala Lumpur airport terminal will be r "
"#BREAKING: Judge sentences Vietnamese woman to 3 years and 4 months in prison for lesser charge in Kim Jong Nam's death"
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"Vietnamese woman pleads guilty and is sentenced over Kim Jong Nam assassination Thi Huong, one of the two wome "
"  .    ..       vietnamese Women's Museum "
"Malaysia drops murder charge against Vietnamese woman accused of killing Kim Jong Un brother "
"Great to join the Australian Vietnamese Women's Association for their Cultural Expo. A day full of cultural activit "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"Vietnamese suspect in airport murder escapes death penalty after Malaysia reduces "
"Malaysia drops murder charge against Vietnamese woman accused of killing Kim Jong Un brother "
"The New York Times Assassinations and Attempted AssassinationsVietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassina "
"The Latest: Kim suspect pleads guilty to lower charge The Latest on the trial of a Vietnamese woman in the killing "
"Vietnamese suspect in airport murder escapes death penalty after Malaysia reduces charge "
"The Accused Pleads Guilty to a Lesser Charge in the Killing of Kim Jong Un Brother(SHAH ALAM, Malaysia)  A Vie "
"Vietnamese vrouw die halfbroer Kim Jong-un doodde krijgt drie jaar cel://t.co/8uZ8eYxGfn#squidapp"
" :  woman pleads guilty"
" : happy #TDOV !! i a vietnamese trans male artist studying to be a graphic designer. take this day to appreciate all the"
"Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong Nam murder handed prison term "
" please add Zalo in Vietnamese store"
" : Kim Jong Nam trial: Stepmother of accused Vietnamese woman 'happy' over new sentence "
"theblondeabroad: dream about Vietnamese iced coffee! The Blonde Abroad (theblondeabroad) March 31, 2019"
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination by SHARON TAN and RICHARD C. PADDOCK via NYT The New Yor "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination by SHARON TAN and RICHARD C. PADDOCK via NYT "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination by SHARON TAN and RICHARD C. PADDOCK via NYT "
"I've just posted a new blog: Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge - BBC News J "
" : Kim Jong Un's half-brother's murder: Vietnamese woman to be freed Thi Huong sentenced on reduced charge in Malaysia, esc"
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination by SHARON TAN and RICHARD C. PADDOCK via NYT The New Yor "
"An accused Vietnamese woman has pleaded guilty to a lesser charge at the Kim Jong Nam murder trial: "
"BBCWorld : Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"AJEnglish: Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong Nam murder handed prison term "
"Bun Bo Hue - spicy Vietnamese soup  from another little place in Chinatown.#chinatown #chinatownlondon #bunbohue "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination woman, Doan Thi Huong, 30, pleaded guilty to the lesse "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination by SHARON TAN and RICHARD C. PADDOCK via NYT "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination by SHARON TAN and RICHARD C. PADDOCK via NYT "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser "
"Kim Jong Un's half-brother's murder: Vietnamese woman to be freed Thi Huong sentenced on reduced charge in Mal "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge - BBC News "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge - BBC News "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination by SHARON TAN and RICHARD C. PADDOCK via NYT The New Yor "
"Vietnamese suspect in airport murder escapes death penalty after Malaysia reduces charge "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge: #wjn #crimenews #justicenews"
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination by SHARON TAN and RICHARD C. PADDOCK via NYT The New Yor "
"#BreakingNews : Vietnamese suspect in airport murder escapes death penalty after Malaysia reduces charge "
"Sex girls showin sexy wife blowjob in a vietnamese public panty#jasmurah "
"Vietnamese woman pleads guilty and is sentenced over Kim Jong Nam assassination "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination by SHARON TAN and RICHARD C. PADDOCK via NYT The New Yor "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination woman, Doan Thi Huong, 30, pleaded guilty to the lesse "
"Vietnamese accused of Killing Kim Jong Nam escapes death penalty with plea deal "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge - BBC News $V  #vrai777 #Global $FOREX "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge - BBC News #funding  #vrai777  $v #grants "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge - BBC News  #vrai777  $v  #OpenSource ://t.co/4Z4JBUaRbr"
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination "
"A Vietnamese woman accused of using a deadly nerve agent to assassinate the half-brother of North Korean leader Kim "
"Kim Jong Nam murder: Vietnamese woman escapes gallows, to be freed in May after jail for lesser charge "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge - BBC News "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination "
"Vietnamese suspect in airport murder escapes death penalty after Malaysia reduces charge "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"Vietnamese accused of murdering Kim Jong Nam escapes death penalty with plea deal "
"Now in Asia: Kim Jong Nam trial: Stepmother of accused Vietnamese woman 'happy' over new sentence "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination "
"Vietnamese woman pleads guilty and is sentenced over Kim Jong Nam "
"She and Indonesian defendants have been serving in jail for almost 3 yrs, the Indonesian woman was freed after Indo "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser "
"What is this, What happen to our judiciary system? 1 realise another charged but both doing together. "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
" : 'Police didn't help me': Europe ignoring abuse of trafficked Vietnamese children "
" : Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
"Kim Jong Nam trial: Stepmother of accused Vietnamese woman 'happy' over new sentence "
" Th H 'd ki  tr t do v th N' - BBC Ti Vi "
"Vietnamese woman pleads guilty and is sentenced over Kim Jong Nam assassination "
"A Vietnamese woman accused of killing Kim Jong-nam, the half-brother of North Korea's leader, has pleaded guilty to "
"Vietnamese suspect in airport murder escapes death penalty after Malaysia reduces "
" : Doan Thi Huong, the Vietnamese woman accused of killing Kim Jong-un half-brother, has accepted a plea deal and could walk"
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"A #Vietnamese woman accused of killing the half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un escaped the death penalt "
" : Vietnamese woman implicated in the assassination of Kim Jong-nam pleads guilty to lesser charge, ... "
"Vietnamese Doan Thi Huong who faced the gallows for murder of Kim Jong-nam sentenced to three years and four months "
"Vietnamese woman implicated in the assassination of Kim Jong-nam pleads guilty to lesser charge, ... "
"And because the judge ordered her sentence to begin from the day of her arrest, Doan Thi Huong may be returning to "
"Vietnamese suspect in airport murder escapes death penalty after Malaysia reduces "
"BBC News - Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"Vietnamese woman sentenced to three years in Kim Jong-nam murder case "
"  Dank indeed: Not until 1995 did Vietnam release its official estimate of war dead: as many as 2 "
"My coworker was making fun of me cuz I told him I have a lot of Vietnamese friends. Then I was like  I have li "
"Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong Nam murder handed prison term "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"My Vietnamese friend got a call from his dad and they got in a really heated conversation in Vietnamese and then wh "
"Had a great concert tonight and our hosts served this authentic Vietnamese food! Unfortunately I a vegetarian so "
" : With Indonesian Siti Aisyah free after her murder charge was dropped and Vietnamese Doan Thi Huong to serve time for a le"
"Vietnamese woman in Kim Jong-nam assassination to walk free next month #Malaysia  "
"Kim Jong Nam trial: Stepmother of accused Vietnamese woman 'happy' over new sentence "
"Murder charge dropped against Vietnamese in Jong Nam case "
"Incredible that we look to Vietnam as a source of justice!  Vietnamese suspect in airport murder escapes death "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination  The New York Times "
"Vietnamese suspect in airport murder escapes death penalty after Malaysia reduces charge: A "
"#BREAKING: Judge sentences Vietnamese woman to 3 years and 4 months in prison for lesser charge in Kim Jong Nam's d "
"no, bc all the immigrants took the jobs and Diane goes  immigrants! and her brothers ask her how so and sh "
"  Please forgive me for any bad Vietnamese. I don't write it often, I'm not that fluent because I was born in the U.S.."
"Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong Nam murder handed prison term "
"i'm also vietnamese but forgets how to talk with it. i draw kinda slow in traditional but digital, very slow. it's "
"Vietnamese woman receives three-year prison sentence over death of Kim Jong-un half "
"Vietnamese woman receives three-year prison sentence over death of Kim Jong-un half "
" : #KimJongNam trial - #Vietnamese Doan Thi Huong sentenced to 3 year and 4 months jail after pleading guilty to a lesser charge"
"Asia: Crime Jong Nam murder: Vietnamese woman accused of murdering the estranged half-brother of North Korean "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination - The New York Times ALAM, Malaysia  A Vietnamese w "
"i just wanna know how old my aunt is but ion understand vietnamese, my phattest oof"
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge - "
" woman pleads "
"WHERE CAN YOU GET BEST SERVICE 24/7  Hello with #mcsarahair from #mcsarahairgrace ensure to supply you th "
" : In de afgelopen vijf jaar verdwenen zestig Vietnamese kinderen uit de beschermde opvang in NL. Niemand weet waar ze zijn. De T"
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"Vietnamese woman escapes death penalty after accepting lesser charge over murder of Kim Jong Un&amp;apos;s-brother "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser "
"Check out the new window display at the vintage tailor. It's a rare Vietnamese stick of incense."
"Vietnamese suspect in airport murder escapes death penalty after Malaysia reduces charge "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser "
"BBC News - Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"And so concludes the wildest international assassination story of recent memory, set in our country's humble KLIA2, "
"  Thats awesome as a nonbinary or genderfluid pansexual Vietnamese European Polynesian Ind "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge - BBC News: * Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination "
"Vietnamese woman receives three-year prison sentence over death of Kim Jong-un half "
"Vietnamese woman receives three-year prison sentence over death of Kim Jong-un half "
"My neighbors dog wouldnt stop barking and I heard him threaten to sell him to a vietnamese restaurant "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge. "
"Vietnamese woman escapes death penalty after accepting lesser charge over murder of Kim Jong Un's half-brother: A V "
" Do you know the app zalo, appstore vietnam, it is for Vietnamese people  "
" : Malaysia drops murder charge against Vietnamese woman accused of killing Kim Jong Un's brother "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination "
"BBC News - Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"Doan Thi Huong, the Vietnamese woman accused of killing Kim Jong-un half-brother, has accepted a plea deal and co "
"Doan Thi Huong, the Vietnamese woman accused of killing Kim Jong-un half-brother, has accepted a plea deal and co "
"Doan Thi Huong, the Vietnamese woman accused of killing Kim Jong-un half-brother, has accepted a plea deal and co "
" : Vietnamese suspect in airport murder on Kim Jong Nam (half-brother of North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un) escapes death pe"
"Doan Thi Huong, the Vietnamese woman accused of killing Kim Jong-un half-brother, has accepted a plea deal and co "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"BBC News - Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"Doan Thi Huong, the Vietnamese woman accused of killing Kim Jong-un half-brother, has accepted a plea deal and co "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"Vietnamese suspect in airport murder of #NorthKorean leader Kim half-bro escapes death penalty after Malaysia red "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination "
"Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong-nam killing will be freed in May "
"Vietnamese suspect in airport murder on Kim Jong Nam (half-brother of North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un) escapes de "
"Experts propose higher foreign holding in Vietnamese banks: The Hanoitimes  As for poorly "
"Vietnamese enterprises join annual trade fair in Cambodia - Nhan Dan Online  "
"  just say that he makes u need an ambulance in a vietnamese accent"
"Vietnamese Woman Pleads Guilty in Killing of Kim Jong Un Half-Brother "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge - BBC News "
"#Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be #Trafficked into #Britain. Investigation highlights failings "
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain.  "
"DFM/Head of #VietNam #ASEAN SOM #NguyenQuocDung led a Vietnamese delegation to attend the 32nd -US Dialogue w "
"Monday &amp; Tonic, Anyone? for Drinks and Dinner from 5pm, every Monday#monday #open #best #french #vietnamese "
"Malaysia drops murder charge against Vietnamese woman accused of killing Kim Jong Un's brother "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong Nam murder handed prison term://t.co/gFG6zsi0OH"
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"Work won start without coffee. Hence, this Vietnamese Coffee.   Little Flour Caf "
"Axios | Suspect accused of killing Kim Jong-un half-brother escapes death penalty with guilty plea A Vietnamese w "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"* I should note though this is setting aside how disappointing the Vietnamese dialogue was handled.  "
"BBC News - Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"#WATCHJUNEEAT Pho Ga (northern style Vietnamese chicken noodle soup) . This is THE hottest bowl of pho I ever h "
"The bad thing will come  video :://t.co/UDaMFwcivN#Newwiee #TodayatApple #Brexit #SportingKC "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"De Vietnamese Doan Thi Huong is tot ruim drie jaar celstraf veroordeeld voor haar aandeel in de moord op Kim Jong-n "
"Vietnamese #DoanThiHuong who helped kill Kim Jong Nam at KL airport says she hopes to be an actress and singer when "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
" : officially addicted to vietnamese coffee"
"Norfolk News Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong Nam murder handed prison term - "
"Nashville News Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong Nam murder handed prison term - "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination "
" : Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination - The New York Times "
"Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong Nam murder handed prison term - "
"Suspect accused of killing Kim Jong-un's half-brother escapes death penalty with guilty plea Vietnamese woman ac "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination  The New York "
"Vietnamese vrouw die halfbroer #KimJongUn doodde krijgt drie jaar cel:  vrouwen hebben altijd volgehouden dat "
"Work won start without coffee. Hence, this Vietnamese Coffee.   Little Flour "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam "
"Malaysia drops murder charge against Vietnamese woman accused of killing Kim Jong Un's brother "
"Vietnamese suspect in airport murder escapes death penalty after Malaysia reduces charge Vietnamese woman accused "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam "
"Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong Nam murder escapes death penalty after Malaysia reduces charge "
"#Malaisie la Vietnamiene impliqu dans l'affaire du meurtre de Kim Jong Nam le demi-fr du leader de la "
" : BREAKING! Er is opsporings-info over de verdwenen Vietnamese asiel-kids! NEDERLANDSE MSM BERICHT HIER NIET OVER! Voorbere"
"A Vietnamese woman accused of killing the half-brother of North  Korean leader Kim Jong Un escaped the death penalt "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge - "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination - The New York Times "
" : Jong Nam murder: Vietnamese pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"Vietnamese woman receives three-year prison sentence over death of Kim Jong-un half "
"Vietnamese woman receives three-year prison sentence over death of Kim Jong-un half "
" : Spared the death penalty, but the only person sentenced for the murder is a Vietnamese woman who said she thought she was pl"
"Vietnamese accused of Killing Kim Jong Nam escapes death penalty with plea deal://t.co/j95mVuorS5"
" : LAATSTE NIEUWS! Korpschef P.J. Aalbersberg (Amsterdam) stelt 100 rechercheurs beschikbaar voor zoektocht naar verdwenen a"
" : BREAKING! Burgemeester P. Krikke (Den Haag) wil 'grote nachtelijke mars door de stad' voor de verdwenen asiel-kids uit Vi"
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination "
"bahala naning vietnamese sub oi. gamiton ang weeab powers kay ready nako maghilak2x. chrt pero yewe jud tong spoiler"
"Vietnamese defendant in Kim Jong Nam trial may walk free next month after plea "
"Vietnamese woman receives three-year prison sentence over death of Kim Jong-un's half brother "
"#BBC 2019-04-01 06:00:44Z Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
" : Het lijkt erop dat Argos is kalltgestellt. Niets meer over de zaak-Lisa maar wel over 'verdwenen' asiel-kids uit Vietnam"
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination "
" : Suspect accused of killing Kim Jong-un's half-brother escapes death penalty with guilty plea: A Vietnamese woman accused of k"
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser "
"Suspect accused of killing Kim Jong-un's half-brother escapes death penalty with guilty plea: A Vietnamese woman ac "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge - "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination. "
" : Some said that the Imperial Palace in Hue would be a quick, uninteresting hour's visit.  We were there for for five hours"
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge - "
"Vietnamese woman Doan Thi Huong on Monday was sentenced to 3 years and 4 months of imprisonment for killing a DPRK "
"Ella is nobody's fool- and certainly not an April one! This smart girl knows all the sunny spots to relax in, with "
"  Yup, it read A-OK w/o knowing Vietnamese., GOING TO BED NOW (the cats thank you for scoldi "
"Vietnam woman in Kim assassination to walk free next month: SHAH ALAM, Apr 1 - A Vietnamese woman accused of assass "
"Vietnamese suspect in airport murder escapes death penalty after Malaysia reduces charge Vietnamese woman accused "
"#CroozefmNews Vietnamese woman accused of killing Kim Jong-nam, the half-brother of North Korea's leader, has ple "
"Aanvaller Kim Jong-nam ontloopt doodstraf en krijgt drie jaar cel.://t.co/1nHPzgqTLL Vietnamese Doan Thi "
"A Vietnamese woman accused of killing the half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un escaped the death penalty "
"Vietnamese suspect in airport murder escapes death penalty after Malaysia reduces charge... "
"Vietnamese suspect in airport murder escapes death penalty after Malaysia reduces charge "
"not according to language.  - Achoo - H xi - Eichi - Hap - Apchkhi "
"JIMIN The MAIN DANCER AND LEAD VOCALIST OF THE BTS, Is Raising The Globle Frenzy Around The World At The 2018 Melo "
"Lees Aanvaller Kim Jong-nam ontloopt doodstraf en krijgt drie jaar cel op Nieuwsblik - "
" : M Qu in Hoi An, Vietnam. What I love about it is it has enough, but not too much protein, (2 slices of pork, 2 shr"
"&gt; still think about this.... genius cat its like, extra cool to me since we have a thing called sino-vie "
"Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong Nam murder handed prison term - "
"2001 - Trinh Cong Son, Vietnamese composer (b. 1939) #thisdayinmusic"
"Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong Nam murder handed prison term: #Malaysia"
"Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong Nam murder handed prison term "
"Vietnamese suspect in airport murder escapes death penalty after Malaysia reduces charge "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge - "
"naay nakita naay subs pero vietnamese? huuUUuH?"
"  Well, I mean, it was in Vietnamese which I can't read but it was still beautiful. ;-)(also: Good night!)"
"#KIMJONGNAM MURDER: #Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge, likely to walk free "
" Vietnamese suspect in airport murder escapes death penalty after Malaysia reduces charge "
"Vietnamese Woman Pleads Guilty in Killing of Kim Jong Un Half-Brother "
"Vietnamese suspect in airport murder escapes death penalty after Malaysia reduces charge "
"Vietnamese woman receives three-year prison sentence over death of Kim Jong-un's half brother "
" Amazing lunch that day at this super elegant French-Vietnamese place I love (Le Colonial). So basica "
"Vietnam woman pleads guilty to lesser charge in Kim killing  A Vietnamese woman who is the only suspect in custody "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination "
" : Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination "
"  When americans hear the trees talking vietnamese"
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination - The New York Times - "
"A #Vietnamese woman accused of using a nerve agent to kill #KimJongUn's half brother was sentenced to 40 months aft "
"I had fresh Vietnamese spring rolls for lunch yesterday, and I shit you not, it took all my energy and strength to "
"Vietnamese Woman Pleads Guilty in Killing of Kim Jong Un Half-Brother "
"BBC News - Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge://t.co/mJM8Fkcp4h"
"Vietnamese woman receives three-year prison sentence over death of Kim Jong-un half "
"Vietnamese woman receives three-year prison sentence over death of Kim Jong-un half "
"Doan Thi Huong, 30, was offered an alternative charge of causing harm, which she pleaded guilty to. A judge sentenc "
"#Representation is having one of the main characters share your Vietnamese surname. Representation is hearing said "
"a Vietnamese woman accused of killing #KimJongNam, the half-brother of #NorthKorea's leader, has pleaded guilty to "
"Tientallen Vietnamese kinderen verdwenen uit azc's, Kamer wil onderzoek "
"Vietnamese woman Doan Thi Huong, originally charged with Indonesian Siti Aisyah of murdering #KimJongNam, will walk "
"Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge over Kim Jong Nam 2017 killing in Malaysia "
" : #NSTflash: Vietnamese #DoanThiHuong, accused of murdering #KimJongNam, sentenced to three years and four months imprisonme"
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser -BBC NEWS "
"Vietnamese suspect in airport murder escapes death penalty after Malaysia reduces charge [R "
"A #Vietnamese  woman who is the only suspect in custody for the killing of the North Korean leader brother pleade "
"Vietnamese suspect in airport murder escapes death penalty after Malaysia reduces charge "
"Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong Nam murder handed prison term | News - "
"Tampa News Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong Nam murder handed prison term - "
"Portland News Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong Nam murder handed prison term - "
" : Vietnamese suspect in airport murder escapes death penalty after Malaysia reduces charge: A Vietnamese woman accused of killi"
"Indy News Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong Nam murder handed prison term - "
"Naver Worte an Article About Jimin Fan Dance which Reproduce By Vietnamese High School Students  "
"Shah Alam,  (AFP): A Vietnamese woman accused of assassinating the North Korean leader's half-brother will walk fre "
"Vietnamese suspect in airport murder escapes death penalty after Malaysia reduces charge "
"Via : Vietnamese suspect in airport murder escapes death penalty after Malaysia reduces charge "
"Vietnamese suspect in airport murder escapes death penalty after Malaysia reduces charge: A Vietnamese woman accuse "
"Vietnamese woman jailed for murder of Kim Jong Nam, North Korea leader "
"Need a taxi? Lyft app offers you 10 free rides Type in this code: ZOOT &gt;&gt; Nam Phuong #chamblee #norcross #vietnamese"
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge - BBC News "
"Final Day! Just Follow, Fav &amp; Retweet to win a Leicester City winnet-polishing Vietnamese Devil Comparison "
"Vietnamese suspect in airport murder escapes death penalty after Malaysia reduces charge "
"Vietnamese suspect in airport murder escapes death penalty after Malaysia reduces charge (Reuters) "
"According to an article I'm reviewing, of all nations, Australia contains the largest amount of memorials to Vietna "
"  because you wrote in vietnamese haha"
"Vietnamese accused of Killing Kim Jong Nam escapes death penalty with plea deal://t.co/0yMMVxVZHg"
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
" : #NSTflash: Vietnamese Doan Thi Huong, accused of murdering #KimJongNam, offered reduced charge with lighter punishment of m"
"Vietnamese suspect in airport murder escapes death penalty after Malaysia reduces charge"
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge - "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"another win for vietnamese armys "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser "
" : Thu Bui, associate fisheries extension agent, is deeply immersed in the south Louisiana Vietnamese fishing community t"
"i dont understand how i speak vietnamese at home but i still suck at it."
"Malaysia reduces charge against Vietnamese suspect in airport murder - FiWEH Life - "
"So yesterday vietnamese language studies was a bust  I don think I learned anything useful, however; I may try "
" Mao, Stalin, North vietnamese reeducation camps"
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
" Hanoi Jane doing propaganda the Communist Vietnamese, Barbarella for Hollywood and exercise videos for middle "
"Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong Nam murder handed prison term - "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge"
"Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong Nam murder handed prison term. "
"Vietnam woman in Kim assassination accepts new charge, likely to go free: A Vietnamese woman suspected of assassina "
"After all, he was only a half-brother: 3 years' prison backdated for confessed murderer of Kim Jong Un brother "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser "
"Malaysia reduces charge against Vietnamese suspect in airport "
"lol not only do i suck at vietnamese but also, vietnamese jokes are so crude sometimes too. it takes me forever to "
"If anyone has advice for a white idiot approaching Vietnamese as a second language I would appreciate it "
"Merciful end to ordeal  to be freed first week May ://t.co/bomvm8JYK5 via #thetruenet "
"AP: BREAKING: Judge sentences Vietnamese woman to 3 years and 4 months in prison for lesser charge in Kim Jong Nam' "
"A Vietnamese woman accused of using a deadly nerve agent to assassinate the half-brother of North Korean leader Kim "
"I really wanna learn Vietnamese so I can talk to my bf's parents more easily but good LORD my white tongue/brain ca "
"#DoanThiHuong who has already served  two years in jail, could be released as early as next month in  accordance wi "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"#Vietnamese woman pleads guilty and is sentenced over Kim Jong Nam assassination #1News "
"Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong Nam murder handed prison term | News | Al Jazeera: "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination woman, Doan Thi Huong, 30, pleaded guilty to the lesse "
" : A Vietnamese woman accused of using a deadly nerve agent to assassinate the half-brother of North Korean l "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"Vietnamese vrouw die halfbroer Kim Jong-un doodde krijgt drie jaar cel "
"Vietnamese woman accused of killing North Korean leader's brother accepts plea deal "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"    The dong that is being referred to here is the Vietnamese Dong."
"Vietnamese in Jong-nam murder case gets 40 months jail, walks free in May "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser "
"Murder Charge Reduced for Kim Killer A Vietnamese woman is now the only suspect   "
" Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge Doan Thi Hu  "
"Vietnamese vrouw die halfbroer Kim Jong-un doodde krijgt drie jaar cel #VX"
"Vietnamese woman Doan Thi Huong, who was initially accused of the murder of Kim Chol or Kim Jong-nam, elder brother "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination  "
" : Boeing (NYSE: BA), Delta (NYSE: DAL) could benefit from FAA decision on Vietnamese airlines - Orlando Business Journal ht"
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser "
" : Wat is een beschermde opvang waard als kinderen hieruit onder de ogen van de autoriteiten verdwijnen?"
"Vietnamese accused of Killing Kim Jong Nam escapes death penalty with plea deal "
"The Vietnamese Ambassador thanked Malaysia for releasing Doan Thi Huong. is Fair Judgment. "
"Countries I been to: what a loser hasnt even been to vietnam and you call yourself vietnamese"
"#KimJongNam trial - #Vietnamese accused Doan Thi Huong with her lawyers after being sentenced to 3 years and 4 mont "
"Lees Aanvaller Kim Jong-nam veroordeeld voor 3 jaar celstraf op Nieuwsblik - "
" : Vietnamese media not impressed by Chinese U19's body build. "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination "
"The Wall Street Journal. - WSJ News Alert: Vietnamese Woman Pleads Guilty in Killing of Kim Jong Un Half-Brothe... "
"H KH  THA... khung h ph 10 n cho t  c  gi ng m b tuy  n 4 th t "
"Vietnamese Woman Pleads Guilty in Killing of Kim Jong Un Half-Brother "
" : Boeing, Delta Air Lines could benefit from FAA decision on Vietnamese airlines: Boeing has three airline customers in Vie"
"Vietnamese accused of murdering Kim Jong Nam escapes death penalty with plea deal "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser "
"Gives bible*:But it in Vietnamese;Words not matter,remember me."
"Vietnamese Woman Pleads Guilty in Killing of Kim Jong Un Half-Brother "
"Prove that our current President is a very respected leader in this region, saying otherwise is simply laughable, "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese suspect escapes death penalty "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge - "
"I cee our sologan got mentioned again  . Ahh someone please translate this i bet she says something about Vietna "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
""
"Malaysia reduces charge against Vietnamese suspect in airport murder: A Malaysian judge on "
"Murder charge dropped against Vietnamese in Jong Nam case "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge: Doan Thi Huong pleads guilty to a lesser char "
"Malaysia reduces charge against Vietnamese suspect in airport "
"The Vietnamese woman who was accused of killing Kim Jong-uns half brother, will now be released earlier than her ex "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"Vietnamese Woman Accused of Killing Kim Jong-nam Pleads Guilty to Lesser Charge "
" : Doan Thi Huong was sentenced to 40 months in prison, may soon be released. The Vietnamese public are happy. #KimJongNam and"
"#Afghanistan Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge #Afghanistan"
" Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge Doan Thi Hu  "
"Omg you guys. The vietnamese last name Phan sounds like fan. It all makes sense now "
"Image copyright EPA Image caption Doan Thi Huong would have faced the death penalty if convicted of murder A Vietna "
""
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination "
"#bbc Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge #asia"
"A Vietnamese woman accused of using a nerve agent to kill Kim Jong-un's half brother was sentenced to 40 months aft "
" Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge Doan Thi Hu  "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser "
"Malaysia reduces charge against Vietnamese suspect in airport "
" : Doan Thi Huong has been sen to three years and four months in prison, inclusive of time served since her arrest in F"
"BBCWorld : Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"#BBC 2019-04-01 05:09:35Z Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong Nam murder handed prison term  Doan Thi Huong will be released in May, a "
"Vietnamese woman receives three-year prison sentence over death of Kim Jong-un's half brother "
"Spared the death penalty, but the only person sentenced for the murder is a Vietnamese woman who said she thought s "
"Doan Thi Huong was sentenced to 40 months in prison, may soon be released. The Vietnamese public are happy. "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
" : Three of us went for a Vietnamese meal last night but they gave us far too much. We didn't want it to go to waste so we got"
"I'm at Quan Chi Hoa Vietnamese Cuisine in Ho Chi Minh City, VN "
" : #Malaysia: Jong-nam murder - #Vietnamese Doan sentenced to three years jail "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser "
"Doan Thi Huong has been sen to three years and four months in prison, inclusive of time served since her arr "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge in Kim killing "
"A Vietnamese woman accused of using a nerve agent to kill Kim Jong-un's half brother was sentenced to 40 months aft "
" WSJ if it's true this Vietnamese probably killed Kim JONG Un's half brother probably because he's was beat the s*** out of her!!"
" to Kim Jung-Un and Moon Jae-In of Korea  Malaysia  A Vietnamese woman who is the only susp "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination by SHARON TAN and RICHARD C. PADDOCK via NYT The New Yor "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"Vietnamese vrouw die halfbroer Kim Jong-un doodde krijgt drie jaar cel "
"Vietnamese accused of Killing Kim Jong Nam escapes death penalty with plea deal "
"3  4 m f mordet p Kim Jong-uns halvbror. "
"Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong Nam murder handed prison term - "
"Malaysia reduces charge against Vietnamese suspect in airport murder "
"Malaysia reduces charge against Vietnamese suspect in airport murder | Reuters "
"Vietnamese woman pleads guilty in killing of Kim Jong Un half-brother "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong Nam murder given prison "
"Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong Nam murder given prison "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge "
" : #NSTflash: Vietnamese Doan Thi Huong has accepted reduced charge in murder of Kim Jong Nam; likely to walk free today. http"
"Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong Nam murder handed prison term ://t.co/KGTEiyTSIj "
"#Europe:  Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong Nam murder handed prison term | Al Jazeera English "
"Vietnamese woman accused of killing North Korean leader's brother accepts plea deal "
" : New ride-hailing player to launch in #Singapore next month. Fastgo is a Vietnamese startup that seeking rapid expansion"
"Malaysia reduces #charge against Vietnamese in airport #murder #judge "
"Breaking: Vietnamese woman accused of murdering Kim Jong Un half-brother sentenced to more than three years in pr "
"Breaking: Vietnamese woman accused of murdering Kim Jong Un half-brother sentenced to more than three years in pr "
"Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong Nam murder handed prison term - "
"Vietnamese defendant in Kim Jong Nam trial may walk free next month after plea deal "
"Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge in murder of Kim half-brother "
"Vietnamese woman pleads guilty in killing of Kim Jong Un half-brother "
"omfg this is me when my family speaks vietnamese "
"  The Vietnamese were the good guys. In fact it then who saved Cambodia from Pol Pot Maoist genocide"
"Vietnamese suspect in Kim murder trail pleads guilty to new reduced charges "
"#Vietnamese vrouw die halfbroer Kim Jong-un doodde krijgt drie jaar cel #nieuws #nieuwsvannu"
"So the mooslem indonesian is let off the hook, and this vietnamese is jailed. Whoever thought this would happen in "
"Vietnamese woman accused of murdering Kim Jong Un half-brother sentenced to more than three years in prison after "
"Vietnamese defendant in Kim Jong Nam trial may walk free next month after plea deal | "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination by SHARON TAN and RICHARD C. PADDOCK via NYT The New Yor "
"#KimJongNam trial - #Vietnamese accused is expected to be freed on 4 May, after one third remission,  according to "
"Vietnamese vrouw die halfbroer Kim Jong-un doodde krijgt drie jaar cel "
"Vietnamese woman pleads guilty and is sentenced over Kim Jong Nam assassination "
"Vietnamese defendant in Kim Jong Nam trial may walk free next month after plea deal "
"Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong Nam murder given prison "
"Vietnamese woman pleads guilty and is sentenced over Kim Jong Nam assassination "
" : The film Us &amp; The  theory: in the poster resemble rabbit ears.  artwork has a rabbit silhouette in th"
"Ly Tong, the  James Bond and anti-communist folk hero, nears death - Los Angeles Times   "
" So interesting to hear about what Vietnamese organisations are looking for in their graduates #GlobalFoL19 "
"#KimJongNam trial - #Vietnamese accused Doan Thi Huong on  what she wants to do after she is freed: I want to sing "
"Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong Nam murder given prison "
" : Malaysia reduces charge against Vietnamese suspect in airport murder - Reuters UK "
"A Vietnamese woman accused of assassinating the North Korean leader's half-brother accepted a lesser charge Monday "
"Latest: Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese suspect pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"Vietnamese defendant in Kim Jong Nam trial may walk free next month after plea deal by Nicola Smith via News "
"the vietnamese living room conversation made me tear up because it felt so familiar and i miss it"
"Vietnamese vrouw die halfbroer Kim Jong-un doodde krijgt drie jaar cel "
"Vietnamese vrouw die halfbroer Kim Jong-un doodde krijgt drie jaar cel: "
"Vietnamese accused of murdering Kim Jong Nam escapes death penalty with plea deal "
"Vietnamese vrouw die halfbroer Kim Jong-un doodde krijgt drie jaar cel "
"Vietnamese vrouw die halfbroer Kim Jong-un doodde krijgt drie jaar cel "
"Vietnamese defendant in Kim Jong Nam trial may walk free next month after plea deal "
"immediately transported to a vietnamese living room conversation, then a quebecois interview "
" : Malaysia drops murder charge against Vietnamese woman in North Korea case "
"Vietnamese accused of murdering the half-brother of North Korean leader arrives in court: #NorthKorea"
"Malaysia reduces charge against Vietnamese suspect in airport murder - Reuters UK "
"Mark Warburg throw rocks and horrible slurs at a group of black students. He later beat a Vietnamese man with a 5 f "
"The New York Times: Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination.://t.co/2ohpqqMOla Jong Nam skates "
"   "
" : A Malaysian judge on Monday sentenced a Vietnamese woman accused of killing the half-brother of North Korean leader Kim J"
"If you are planning a trip to Vietnam, it necessary for you to learn about Vietnamese culture. Read our guide on "
"Crispy Nuoc Cham Chicken!!! Our take on Portland famous Pok Pok Chicken Wings. Marinated and deep fried crispy bo "
" I see vietnamese 3 year olds eating pho ga all the time. chicken is breakfast food but definitely not "
"#Malaysia reduces charge against #Vietnamese suspect in airport murder  "
" : Malaysia drops murder charge against Vietnamese woman in North Korea case "
"A #Vietnamese woman who is the second accused of using a deadly nerve agent to assassinate #KimJongnam, the half-br "
"WHERE CAN YOU GET BEST SERVICE 24/7  Hello with #mcsarahair from #mcsarahairgrace ensure to supply you th "
" my mutual fancasted  a while ago I just enthusiastically agreed and provided the name lol. and "
"#Update The Vietnamese woman accused in the killing of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un's half-brother has been sent "
"Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge over Kim Jong Nam's 2017 killing in Malaysia "
"Reuters:  Malaysia reduces charge against Vietnamese suspect in airport murder "
"WHERE CAN YOU GET BEST SERVICE 24/7  Hello with #mcsarahair from #mcsarahairgrace ensure to supply you th "
"Starting our April with a bang  We be at R/GA today from 11:45am til 2pm today!   Serving our Vietnamese Noodle "
"A Malaysian judge on Monday sentenced a Vietnamese woman accused of killing the half-brother of North Korean leader "
"WHERE CAN YOU GET BEST SERVICE 24/7  Hello with #mcsarahair from #mcsarahairgrace ensure to supply you th "
"Malaysia drops murder charge against Vietnamese woman in North Korea case "
" . Authentic Vietnamese coffee! "
"Vietnamese accused of Killing Kim Jong Nam escapes death penalty with plea deal "
"VietNamese foods ! "
"Malaysia reduces charge against Vietnamese suspect in airport murder #Fintech #News #FinServ #Crypto #AI "
" suspect in Kim murder trail pleads guilty to new reduced charges "
" : Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese suspect pleads guilty to lesser charge://t.co/2XVeC7fDzS "
"Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong Nam murder handed prison term "
"   "
"The Vietnamese woman accused in the killing of #KimJongUn's half-brother, Kin Jong Nam, in a Kuala Lumpur airport t "
" : me: i would like a *prepares to wow vietnamese waiter with my attention to pronunciation* pho waiter: we do not se"
" : #Holi2K19 celebrated in Vietnam by Indians &amp; Vietnamese. We chanted #NAMO_AGAIN  #MaiBhiChowkidar https:/"
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination "
"SORRY SORRY - SUPER JUNIOR (Vietnamese cover) |  '  | K-POP COVER "
"Proud that  is working with this inspiring woman to develop new ideas for bringing #renewableenergy to b "
" The Vietnamese got it right. Malaysia...??? WTF!?"
"Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge over Kim Jong Nam 2017 killing in Malaysia "
" : A man was killed in #Malaysia in 2017 but no one has been held responsible. Four #Northkoreans reportedly the "
"Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong Nam murder handed prison "
"Malaysia reduces charge against Vietnamese suspect in airport murder "
" : AAH NO To Vietnamese RAGWORM CAKES. There's Better Food Out There This Just Gross Me Out. "
"Malaysia reduces charge against Vietnamese suspect in airport murder "
"Vietnamese woman to be released by May after admitting lesser charge over death of Kim Jong Nam "
"Vietnamese accused of murdering Kim Jong Nam escapes death penalty with plea deal://t.co/sHE8NYyFzs"
"followme - The Latest: Kim suspect pleads guilty to lower charge - Fox News: * The Latest: Kim suspect pleads guilt "
"Vietnamese accused of Killing Kim Jong Nam escapes death penalty with plea deal "
"A man was killed in #Malaysia in 2017 but no one has been held responsible. Four #Northkoreans reportedly the  "
"Malaysia reduces charge against Vietnamese suspect in airport "
"150401 SHINee Vietnamese Fanpage Update  artists went to the Korean restaurant Kang Ho Dong Baekjeongin Vietna "
" : A Malaysian judge has sentenced a Vietnamese woman to more than three years in prison after she pleaded guilty to a weapons c"
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination by SHARON TAN and RICHARD C. PADDOCK via NYT "
" : #Monsanto was one of primary suppliers of Agent Orange. As a result of its use in Vietnam, at least three million Vietnamese p"
"#Malaysia reduces charge against Vietnamese suspect in airport murder #1News #News "
""
"JUST IN: Malaysia reduces charge against Vietnamese suspect in airport murder - The Malaysian Reserve "
"Malaysia reduces charge against Vietnamese suspect in airport murder "
"Malaysia reduces charge against Vietnamese suspect in airport murder Malaysian judge on Monday sentenced a Vietna "
"#KimJongNam case: Vietnamese woman charged with lesser count. Likely to walk free??? Malaysia Boleh! Anything is po "
" : 21 years ago Vietnamese God have birth to this angel. Happy birthday  "
" : #KimJongNam trial -  Vietnamese accused Doan Thi Huong expected to be released in early May this year after one third remissi"
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination by SHARON TAN and RICHARD C. PADDOCK via NYT The New Yor "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination "
"#KimJongNam trial -  Vietnamese accused Doan Thi Huong expected to be released in early May this year after one third remission."
" : JUST IN:  Malaysian prosecutors say offered to charge Vietnamese accused in Kim Jong Nam case with voluntarily causing hurt by"
"Venezuela: T th l th t phong Guaid ch qu   h "
"AAH NO To Vietnamese RAGWORM CAKES. There's Better Food Out There This Just Gross Me Out. "
"Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong Nam murder handed prison term | "
"Vietnamese Woman Accused of Killing Kim Jong Un Brother Pleads to Lesser Charge "
" What if the coffee was vietnamese coffee and the dessert was like macaroons then I could be a colonial vietnamese woman"
" : Update: Malaysia drops murder charge against Vietnamese woman in N.Korea case - Reuters "
" : Vietnamese accused Doan has pleaded guilty to a lesser charge . Section 324 - voluntarily causing hurt by dangerous weapons"
"There are many #poemscountry when visit Vietnam. Each #placestovisit the guest will feel clearly #experiences. Look "
"A Vietnamese woman accused of using a nerve agent to kill Kim Jong-un's half brother was sentenced to 40 months aft "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination by SHARON TAN and RICHARD C. PADDOCK via NYT The New Yor "
"Malaysia drops murder charge against Vietnamese woman accused of killing Kim Jong Un brother "
"The Vietnamese restaurant has been taken over by a dentist. It still sells comic books."
"#Malaysia: Jong-nam murder - #Vietnamese Doan sentenced to three years jail "
"A Malaysian judge has sentenced a Vietnamese woman to more than three years in prison after she pleaded guilty to a "
"A Malaysian judge on Monday sentenced a Vietnamese woman accused of killing the half-brother of North Korean leader "
"# : Vietnamese woman who is lone suspect in custody for death of Kim Jong Nam sentenced to more than 3 years i "
"# : BREAKING: Judge sentences Vietnamese woman to 3 years and 4 months in prison for lesser charge in Kim Jong Nam's death"
"# : BREAKING: Lawyer says Vietnamese suspect pleads guilty to a reduced charge in Kim Jong Nam's death, asks f "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination "
"Via  Vietnamese accused of Killing Kim Jong Nam escapes death penalty with plea deal "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese suspect pleads guilty to lesser charge "
" please check my message about Vietnamese rights of book title. I've already send some mail ro rights.co.uk also."
" Malaysia reduces charge against Vietnamese suspect in airport murder  | Via  "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination #wuwei #today #best #news #daily #feed"
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination by SHARON TAN and RICHARD C. PADDOCK via NYT The New Yor "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination by SHARON TAN and RICHARD C. PADDOCK via NYT The New Yor "
"Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong Nam murder handed prison term | "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination by SHARON TAN and RICHARD C. PADDOCK via NYT The New Yor "
"Vietnam woman in Kim assassination to walk free next month: Doan Thi Huong (C), Vietnamese "
" you are a Vietnamese?"
"So sad how the politics between Malaysia and Indonesia vs. Vietnam had such an impact on the outcome of this case. "
" : Malaysia reduces charge against Vietnamese suspect in airport murder"
"21 years ago Vietnamese God have birth to this angel. Happy birthday  "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination by SHARON TAN and RICHARD C. PADDOCK via NYT The New Yor "
"Vietnamese Bamboo Airways adds another 26 Airbus A320neo to its order "
" :  Hey Ayoola! I'm Maria Nguyen, a queer Vietnamese illustrator based in Canada :) I'd love to work with you!  ca"
" AP: Vietnamese woman who is lone suspect in custody for death of Kim Jong Nam sentenced to more than 3 years in "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination by SHARON TAN and RICHARD C. PADDOCK via NYT The New Yor "
"BBCNEWS 9:21pm KIM JONG NAM MURDER TRIAL. Huong sentenced to 3 years and 4 months JONG NAM MURDER TRIAL. Vietnamese defendant..."
" : Malaysia drops murder charge against Vietnamese woman accused of killing Kim Jong Un brother |"
"Kim Jong Nam murder trial: Vietnamese defendant to be freed after guilty plea "
"Vietnamese accused of Killing Kim Jong Nam escapes death penalty with plea deal "
"Malaysia drops murder charge against Vietnamese suspect"
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam "
" : Following the lifting of sanctions, the share of US exports going to Vietnam was higher and more diversified in the sta"
"Isn't that just peanut sauce and siracha for fresh Vietnamese spring rolls? "
"BBCNEWS 9:19pm THE BRIEFING JONG NAM MURDER TRIAL. Vietnamese defendant back in own in Malaysia"
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination by SHARON TAN and RICHARD C. PADDOCK via NYT The New Yor "
"Malaysia reduces charge against Vietnamese suspect in airport murder"
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination by SHARON TAN and RICHARD C. PADDOCK via NYT The New Yor "
"Both charged with murder, one released and one has to accept a lesser charge. What's the back story? "
"need my vietnamese coffee fix "
"Via : Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination "
"Vietnamese woman who is lone suspect in custody for death of Kim Jong Nam sentenced to more than 3 years in prison "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination "
"Judge sentences Vietnamese woman to 3 years and 4 months in prison for lesser charge in Kim Jong Nam's death [AP]"
" :    Purposeful mass murder and an accidental bombing (done by the South Vietnamese not the"
"Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong Nam murder handed prison term Huong sentenced to three years and four months in pris "
"Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong Nam murder handed prison term "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination "
" Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong Nam murder handed prison term | News #News #Hello #Politics #Opinion #Business "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination by SHARON TAN and RICHARD C. PADDOCK via NYT The New Yor "
" "
"My favorite Vietnamese dish: b cu. My brother Craig and his wife Lisa are visiting from New Hampshire and mom "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination "
" : Malaysia drops murder charge against Vietnamese woman accused of killing Kim Jong Un brother "
"Malaysia drops murder charge against Vietnamese woman accused of killing Kim Jong Un brother "
"Via : Malaysia drops murder charge against Vietnamese woman accused of killing Kim Jong Un brother "
"Malaysia drops murder charge against Vietnamese woman accused of killing Kim Jong Un brother "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination by SHARON TAN and RICHARD C. PADDOCK via NYT The New Yor "
"Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong Nam murder handed prison term "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination by SHARON TAN and RICHARD C. PADDOCK via NYT The New Yor "
" : Murder charge dropped against Vietnamese in Jong Nam case "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination by SHARON TAN and RICHARD C. PADDOCK via NYT The New Yor "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination by SHARON TAN and RICHARD C. PADDOCK via NYT The New Yor "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination by SHARON TAN and RICHARD C. PADDOCK via NYT The New Yor "
"Vietnam woman in N. Korea murder case accepts new charge, likely to walk free: A Vietnamese woman suspected of assa "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination by SHARON TAN and RICHARD C. PADDOCK via NYT The New Yor "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination by SHARON TAN and RICHARD C. PADDOCK via NYT The New Yor "
" : Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong Nam murder handed prison term: Huong sentenced to three years and four months in prison"
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination "
"Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong Nam murder handed prison term "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination by SHARON TAN and RICHARD C. PADDOCK via NYT The New Yor "
"via  Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong Nam murder handed prison term "
"via   Kim Jong Nam murder trial: Vietnamese defendant to be freed after guilty plea "
"Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong Nam murder handed prison term: Huong sentenced to three years and four months in pri "
"Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong Nam murder handed prison term "
"Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong Nam murder handed prison term "
"Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong Nam murder handed prison term: Huong sentenced to three years and four months in pri "
"Amerislamunderway Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong Nam murder handed prison term "
"Malaysian judge sentences Vietnamese woman to more than three years in prison after she pleads guilty to a weapons "
"Kim Jong Nam murder trial: Vietnamese defendant to be freed after guilty plea |  "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination by SHARON TAN and RICHARD C. PADDOCK via NYT The New Yor "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination by SHARON TAN and RICHARD C. PADDOCK via NYT The New Yor "
"Doan Thi Huong, 30, the Vietnamese woman accused in the killing of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's half-brother, "
" Th H b tuy 3 n 4 th t "
"  there is another Facebook user named Thomas Captian and the avatar is you send me the phone numb "
"Lees Aanvaller Kim Jong-nam veroordeeld tot ruim drie jaar cel op Nieuwsblik - "
""
"Kim Jong Nam murder trial: Vietnamese defendant to be freed after guilty plea "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination by SHARON TAN and RICHARD C. PADDOCK via NYT The New Yor "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination by SHARON TAN and RICHARD C. PADDOCK via NYT The New Yor "
"Startup of the Month, March: Vietnamese influencer platform Hiip://t.co/9qC5PmEgx8#Startup #News #Tech"
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam "
"Vietnamese accused of murdering Kim Jong Nam escapes death penalty with plea deal://t.co/LTzxov3pbD"
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination by SHARON TAN and RICHARD C. PADDOCK via NYT "
"Try some of these Vietnamese ragworm cakes next time you're in the country - they're not as bad as they sound "
"Doan Thi Huong was sentenced to three years and four months in jail after accepting a lesser charge on Monday and w "
"Vietnamese restaurant in Santa Maria. Over 5000 square feet with beer and wine license and entertainment license. S "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination by SHARON TAN and RICHARD C. PADDOCK via NYT The New Yor "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination by SHARON TAN and RICHARD C. PADDOCK via NYT The New Yor "
" : A Malaysian judge has sentenced a Vietnamese woman to more than three years in prison after she pleaded guilty to a weapon"
" : A Vietnamese woman accused of assassinating the North Korean leader's half-brother was sentenced to three years and four mon"
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination by SHARON TAN and RICHARD C. PADDOCK via NYT The New Yor "
" popular Vietnamese soup"
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination "
" Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong Nam murder handed prison term Huong sentenced to   "
" Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong Nam murder handed prison term Huong sentenced to   "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination by SHARON TAN and RICHARD C. PADDOCK via NYT The New Yor "
" : During the Vietnam War, Hugh Thompson Jr. order his men to turn their guns on American soldiers to protect Vietnamese ci"
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination by SHARON TAN and RICHARD C. PADDOCK via NYT The New Yor "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination by SHARON TAN and RICHARD C. PADDOCK via NYT The New Yor "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination by SHARON TAN and RICHARD C. PADDOCK via NYT The New Yor "
"Kim Jong Nam murder: Vietnamese defendant to be freed after guilty plea "
"AG decided to release the Indonesian accused due to good relation and Vietnamese accused charge was amended which l "
"Malaysia drops murder charge against Vietnamese woman in North Korea case "
"    Who were the south Vietnamese supported by? Where did they get nap "
"A Vietnamese woman accused of using a deadly nerve agent to assassinate the half-brother of North Korean leader Kim "
"Malaysia drops murder charge against Vietnamese woman in North Korea case "
"  LOL I gonna ask if anyone wants to grab a Vietnamese sub for lunch and I count the number of  I get."
"Went to #AWP19 over the weekend and had a chance to see . I was so nervous and stumbled on my words that I "
"Try some of these Vietnamese ragworm cakes next time you're in the country - they're not as bad as they sound. "
"Vietnamese accused of Killing Kim Jong Nam escapes death penalty with plea deal news "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination "
"At 5 with Will - A Vietnamese woman is facing time behind bars for the killing of the half brother of North Korea's leader."
"Kim Jong Nam murder: Vietnamese defendant to be freed after guilty plea "
"Thread: I noticed that the Greeks, Italians, Chinese, Vietnamese, - who have faced, or their parents and grandpa "
"Kim Jong Nam murder: Vietnamese defendant to be freed after guilty plea |  "
"A Malaysian judge has sentenced a Vietnamese woman to more than three years in prison after she pleaded guilty to a "
"#BREAKINGNEWSNOW:Judge sentences Vietnamese woman to 3 years and 4 months in prison for lesser charge in Kim Jong Nam's death (via )"
"With Indonesian Siti Aisyah free after her murder charge was dropped and Vietnamese Doan Thi Huong to serve time fo "
"Startup of the Month, March: Vietnamese influencer platform Hiip://t.co/MB6SXW5uPv#Startup #News #Tech"
"#BREAKINGNEWSNOW:(DEVELOPING)Malaysian prosecutors say offered to charge Vietnamese accused in Kim Jong Nam case wi "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination by SHARON TAN and RICHARD C. PADDOCK via NYT The New Yor "
"via   Kim Jong Nam murder: Vietnamese defendant to be freed after guilty plea "
"Trust me to find home made ice cream at the Botanic Gardens!!! (Vietnamese coffee) "
"A Vietnamese woman accused of assassinating the North Korean leader's half-brother was sentenced to three years and "
"Malaysia drops murder charge against Vietnamese woman in North Korea case: Malaysian "
" Echinanews Malaysian prosecutor to drop murder charge against Doan Thi Huong, a Vietnamese woman suspected of m "
"Malaysian prosecutor to drop murder charge against Doan Thi Huong, a Vietnamese woman suspected of murdering the ha "
" It fantastic. I get a Vietnamese iced coffee like every day lmao"
"Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong Nam murder handed prison term  "
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain | Global development | The G "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination by SHARON TAN and RICHARD C. PADDOCK via NYT The New Yor "
"So I decided to try  to brush up on my Vietnamese spelling. I a fluent speaker. Damn program keeps telli "
" :           "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination by SHARON TAN and RICHARD C. PADDOCK via NYT The New Yor "
"A Vietnamese woman accused of using a deadly nerve agent to assassinate the half-brother of North Korean leader Kim "
"Vietnamese accused of Killing Kim Jong Nam escapes death penalty with plea deal Vietnamese woman accused of using "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination by SHARON TAN and RICHARD C. PADDOCK via NYT The New Yor "
"Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong-nam assassination accepts reduced charge,  likely to walk free "
"The Vietnamese woman accused in the killing of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un's half-brother has been sentenced to "
" Vietnamese accused of Killing Kim Jong Nam escapes death penalty with plea deal   "
"Vietnamese Doan Thi Huong sentenced to 3 years and 4 months  in jail after she pleaded guilty to a lesser charge of "
" Vietnamese accused of Killing Kim Jong Nam escapes death penalty with plea deal   "
"CNN RSS: Vietnamese accused of Killing Kim Jong Nam escapes death penalty with plea deal "
"Vietnamese accused of Killing Kim Jong Nam escapes death penalty with plea deal Vietnamese woman accused of using "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination by SHARON TAN and RICHARD C. PADDOCK via NYT The New Yor "
"(via "
" Kim Jong-nam trial: Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge of 'causing hurt' |  The Guardian "
"Girls day out with the aunties next Sunday ! Can wait man, boutta stuff my face with some good viet food oh how "
"Malaysia drops murder charge against Vietnamese woman in N.Korea case - The Edge Markets "
"Malaysia drops murder charge against Vietnamese woman in North Korea "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination by SHARON TAN and RICHARD C. PADDOCK via NYT The New Yor "
" Vietnamese accused of Killing Kim Jong Nam escapes death penalty with plea deal   "
"Vietnamese Woman Accused of Killing Kim Jong Un Brother Pleads to Lesser "
" Vietnamese accused of Killing Kim Jong Nam escapes death penalty with plea deal   "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination by SHARON TAN and RICHARD C. PADDOCK via NYT The New Yor "
"Doan Thi Huong smiles as she leaves court under armed escort on Monday. The 30-year-old Vietnamese is expected to b "
" Vietnamese accused of Killing Kim Jong Nam escapes death penalty with plea deal   "
"A Vietnamese woman accused of using a deadly nerve agent to assassinate the half-brother of North Korean leader lit "
"Vietnamese Woman Sentenced in Kim Jong-nam Assassination by SHARON TAN and RICHARD C. PADDOCK via NYT The New Yor "
"A Vietnamese woman accused of using a deadly nerve agent to assassinate the half-brother of North Korean leader Kim "
"Vietnamese accused of Killing Kim Jong Nam escapes death penalty with plea deal  "
"BREAKING: Judge sentences Vietnamese woman to 3 years and 4 months in prison for lesser charge in Kim Jong Nam's death"
"#BREAKING Doan Thi Huong, a Vietnamese woman suspected of assassinating the North Korean leader's half-brother "
"Doan Thi Huong, who was previously charged with murder, pleaded guilty to a charge of causing injury with a dangero "
"Me trying to learn Vietnamese  "
"Restaurants: *cooks a normal chicken curry*. it - Vietnamese german sour sweet, honey tomato garlic Nazi Ak-47 chicken"
"BREAKING: Doan Thi Huong, the Vietnamese woman accused in the killing of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un's half-bro "
"#BREAKING Doan Thi Huong, a Vietnamese woman suspected of assassinating the North Korean leader's half-brother "
"My grandma is watching Vietnamese exorcist videos.  is why I can study at home"
"Vietnamese accused of Killing Kim Jong Nam escapes death penalty with plea deal "
" : AT least 87.9% or 56,180 of the foreign nationals in the Offshore Gaming Operators or #Pogo sector were Chin"
"[#JiminNews]|190401|[NAVER MAIN PAGE NEWS] Jimin Fan Dance, Perfect Recreation by Vietnamese High School St "
"Vietnamese woman Doan Thi Huong - accused of assassinating the North Korean leader's half-brother #KimJongNam is to "
"Vietnamese accused of Killing Kim Jong Nam escapes death penalty with plea deal"
" : Doan Thi Huong, who was previously charged with murder, pleaded guilty to a charge of causing injury with a dangerous weapon. htt"
"Doan Thi Huong, who was previously charged with murder, pleaded guilty to a charge of causing injury with a dangero "
"Malaysian judge sentences Vietnamese woman to more than three years after she pleads guilty to a weapons charge in "
"BBC News Ti Vi - U m chai r vang b h bao nhi  thu? "
" : BREAKING: Lawyer says Vietnamese suspect pleads guilty to a reduced charge in Kim Jong Nam's death, asks for leniency. "
" : #BREAKING: Judge sentences Vietnamese woman to 3 years and 4 months in prison for lesser charge in Kim Jong Nam's death"
"#BREAKING: Judge sentences Vietnamese woman to 3 years and 4 months in prison for lesser charge in Kim Jong Nam's death via AP #KimJongNam"
"I received a reservation completion email from AUBERGINE 49 that I booked just before the flight. The chef of thi "
"Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese Doan sentenced to three years' jail://t.co/QU5dDLN2sR "
"Malaysia drops murder charge against Vietnamese woman in North Korea case "
" : A Vietnamese woman who is the only suspect in custody for the killing of the North Korean leader brother pleaded guilt"
" : Thank you to my AMAZING translation team. With the help of 16 volunteers from all over the world, we will be bringing you su"
"A Vietnamese woman who is the only suspect in custody for the killing of the North Korean leader brother pleaded "
" vietnamese lmao"
"Judge sentences Vietnamese woman to 3 years and 4 months in prison for lesser charge in Kim Jong Nam's death | via "
"#NSTflash: Vietnamese #DoanThiHuong, accused of murdering #KimJongNam, sentenced to three years and four months im "
"Lawyer says Vietnamese suspect pleads guilty to a reduced charge in Kim Jong Nam's death, asks for leniency "
"Prosecutors in Malaysia offer to reduce the murder charge against Doan Thi Huong, the Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jon "
"e27 Community on Telegram has voted for #Vietnamese influencer platform Hiip as #Startup of the Month for March 201 "
"#BreakingNews Judge sentences Vietnamese woman to 3 years and 4 months in prison for lesser charge in Kim Jong Nam' "
"Judge sentences Vietnamese woman to 3 years and 4 months in prison for lesser charge in Kim Jong Nam's death "
" AP: BREAKING: Judge sentences Vietnamese woman to 3 years and 4 months in prison for lesser charge in Kim Jong Nam's death"
"BREAKING: Judge sentences Vietnamese woman to 3 years and 4 months in prison for lesser charge in Kim Jong Nam's de "
"BREAKING: Judge sentences Vietnamese woman to 3 years and 4 months in prison for lesser charge in Kim Jong Nam's death"
"(AP) #Vietnamese woman sentenced to 40 months in prison in death of #NorthKorean leader #KimJongUn's half-broth "
"LATEST: Malaysia judge sentences Vietnamese woman Doan Thi Huong to 3 years and 4 months in prison for lesser charg "
"Judge sentences Vietnamese woman to three years and four months in prison for lesser charge in Kim Jong Nam "
" : Kim Jong Nam murder: Vietnamese woman escapes gallows, pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"Kim Jong Nam trial: Vietnam woman accepts new charge, likely to walk free(CNA)  A Vietnamese woman suspected of "
"Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong-nam killing accepts lesser charge "
"Doan Thi Huong pleads guilty to reduced charge in killing of Kim Jong Nam and sentenced to 3 years and 4 months. Wi "
" Yeah I heard good things too. Then I watched it. I not the only one. All the Vietnamese in the the "
" : at blanton rn and the film exhibit is a vietnamese film about our funeral traditions and in so EMOTIONAL i never seen"
" : #Vietnam suspect in Kim Jong-nam assassination in #Malaysia offered lesser charge that may allow her to walk free "
" yeah it crazy lol especially when u realize it japanese, chinese, vietnamese, AND korean "
" Voyages made sure we saw a good representation of the Vietnamese and Cambodian people and lifestyles, and t "
"#UPDATE Vietnamese woman Doan Thi Huong - accused of assassinating the North Korean leader's half-brother - is to b "
" : Malaysia offers alternative charge to Vietnamese accused in Kim Jong-nam murder case "
"NA Chairwoman meets leaders of Vietnamese associations in Europe: At the meeting (Source "
"I'm beginning to think that maybe it's wrong to put someone who thinks they're a Vietnamese prostitute on a bull. -Stan"
" : If you haven tried Vietnamese #pho you need too. "
"Malaysia drops murder charge against Vietnamese woman in North Korea case "
" maybe you could have a few Vietnamese children, maimed as napalm burned thru living flesh, to remind "
" Asian? Were they Japanese or South Korean? Vietnamese or Indian? is a continent if you don't know."
"JUST IN: Vietnamese in Kim Jong Nam murder case gets 40 months in prison#northkorea ://t.co/RfQwjdD2gG"
"Malaysia drops murder charge against Vietnamese woman in North Korea case "
"Prepping one of my favorite Vietnamese street food snacks, Rice Paper Salad. This is the vegetarian version (no dri "
" : #Egypt's state grains buyer, #GASC, received five offers on Saturday for #Indian, #Chinese and  #Vietnamese #rice in an interna"
"Malaysia drops murder charge against Vietnamese woman in North Korea case "
"how bout instead of 10 pts for Vietnamese American.  pts: Asian American(not sure if this will actually make any difference or nah )"
" : ITS THE VIETNAMESE SUB SANDWICH #SD  "
"#KimJongNam trial - #Vietnamese Doan Thi Huong sentenced to 3 year and 4 months jail after pleading guilty to a les "
"Update: Malaysia drops murder charge against Vietnamese woman in N.Korea case - Reuters "
" Good Vietnamese - Phonatic in Hindley Street. Also, Madame Hanoi on North Tce (in the Casino building). S "
"Good to see Malaysian justice system trending in the direction of consistency "
"Malaysia drops murder charge against Vietnamese woman in North Korea case "
"Malaysia drops murder charge against Vietnamese woman in North... "
"Malaysia drops murder charge against Vietnamese woman in North Korea "
"  Here a picture of her sitting on an anti aircraft gun, used to shoot down American soldiers. She a "
"Malaysia drops murder charge against Vietnamese woman in North Korea case prosecutors dropped a murder ch "
"Malaysia drops murder charge against Vietnamese woman in North Korea case "
"Malaysia drops murder charge against Vietnamese woman in North Korea case #worldnews "
"Malaysia drops murder charge against Vietnamese woman in North Korea "
"Following the lifting of sanctions, the share of US exports going to Vietnam was higher and more diversified in the "
"Visiting Hawai, and it still blows my mind to meet someone who is Vietnamese and the varied accents they acquire "
"Malaysian prosecutors dropped a murder charge against a Vietnamese woman accused of killing the half-brother of Nor "
" : JUST IN: A Vietnamese woman accused of killing North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's half-brother pleads guilty to a lower charge of"
" : The first Vietnamese  winning Pwn2Own proud of him! ://t.co/LzB52fG8VX"
"#AprilFools #challenge #gayasian #Vietnamese #asianboy #asian #traiviet #gay #gayviet #gaytwink #happy #gayboy "
"Malaysia drops murder charge against Vietnamese woman in North Korea case "
" Vietnamese are trying hard to be fully developing state..."
"A Vietnamese woman suspected of assassinating the North Korean leader half-brother accepted a lesser charge Monda "
"#Vietnamese #woman #accused of #killing North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's half-brother says she's accepted a lower "
" : Malaysia drops murder charge against Vietnamese woman in North Korea case #news"
"Jong Nam murder: Vietnamese pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"Murder charge dropped against Vietnamese in Jong Nam case "
"Malaysia drops murder charge against Vietnamese woman in North Korea case #news"
" Malaysia drops murder charge against Vietnamese woman in North Korea case  | Via  "
"Last week, I got to interview a #Vietnamese #humanrights defender. His arduous journey to become a HRD and the dete "
"Malaysia drops murder charge against Vietnamese woman in North Korea case By "
"If the world needed further evidence of the basketcase nation that is Malaysia. Just look at how they have bumbled "
"why is my brother singing  anyone home in vietnamese pls"
"#BREAKING: Lawyer says Vietnamese suspect pleads guilty to a reduced charge in Kim Jong Nam death, asks for "
"Vietnamese Doan Thi Hoang could be freed today after accepting a lesser charge for her role in the death of Kim Jong Nam in Malaysia"
" : minecraft villagers be like i just committed a war crime in a small vietnamese village"
""
"Malaysia drops murder charge against Vietnamese woman in North Korea "
" : JUST IN :  DPP has proposed an alternative charge against 30 year old Vietnamese Doan who remains the only one standing tria"
" : My heart was overwhelmed when Dieu (a young Vietnamese professional) approached me earlier after my talk and told me how amaz"
"Malaysia drops murder charge against Vietnamese woman in North Korea case By "
"BBCNEWS 8:06pm KIM JONG NAM MURDER TRIAL. Doan Thi Huong denies murder charge JONG NAM MURDER TRIAL. Vietnamese defendant back in..."
" : Vietnamese in N.Korean murder case may walk free "
"Malaysia drops murder charge against Vietnamese woman in North Korea case"
" :         "
" : #Breaking Malaysia's prosecutors said Monday that they would drop the murder charge against Doan Thi Huong, a Vietname"
"Kim Jong-nam trial: last suspect pleads guilty to lesser charge of 'causing hurt': Lone remaining suspect Doan Thi "
"Kim Jom Nam murder suspect pleads guilty to lesser charge "
" : Malaysian prosecutors offer to reduce a murder charge against the Vietnamese woman who is the only suspect in custody for"
"BBCNEWS 8:03pm KIM JONG NAM MURDER TRIAL. Doan Thi Huong denies murdev charge JONG NAM MURDER TRIAL. Vietnamese defendant back in..."
"Malaysia offers alternative charge to Vietnamese accused in Kim Jong Nam murder case - Reuters UK "
"The Straits Times: Kim Jong Nam murder: Vietnamese woman escapes gallows, pleads guilty to  charge.://t.co/mvBADdsmC"
"Vietnamese woman pleads guilty to lesser charge in assassination of Kim brother"
"Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong-nam killing accepts lesser charge "
"Malaysia offers alternative charge to Vietnamese accused in Kim Jong Nam murder "
" As a nail salon owner who also has a Vietnamese wife I have to agree 100%"
"Malaysian prosecutors offer to reduce a murder charge against the Vietnamese woman who is the only suspect in custo "
"Halong Bay, Vietnam the Vietnamese language, Halong means descending dragons. Dragons play a prominent role i "
"Vietnamese experts in #banking and finance have called for a proper legal framework to ensure continued development "
" axios JUST IN: A Vietnamese woman accused of killing North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's half-brother pleads guil "
"Kelasku dipenuhi Vietnamese, rameeeeee tp nggak ngerti pd ngmg apa "
"Vietnamese in N.Korean murder case may walk free "
"Vietnamese in N.Korean murder case may walk free "
"Malaysian prosecutors have offered to reduce a murder charge against the Vietnamese woman who is the only suspect i "
"ASMR Mukbang VIETNAMESE SNACK (CRUNCH Eating Sounds) no talking, +, ... "
"Get your brooms out brw too bc the Braves suck more than a Vietnamese whore"
"Vietnamese food (and drink) mashups you MUST try - TIC VIETNAM - "
"  I also remember enjoying Robert Olen Butler's A Good Scent from a Strange Mountain, a short "
"Trial in #Malaysia for #Vietnamese accused in the killing of #DPRK Kim Jong-Un younger brother. "
"JUST IN: A Vietnamese woman accused of killing North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's half-brother pleads guilty to a lo "
"Vietnamese in Kim Jong-nam murder trial pleads guilty to an alternative charge of voluntarily causing hurt by dange "
"Kim Jong Nam murder: Vietnamese woman escapes gallows, pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"At our compound we have something like running/walking track. Interesting is that Vietnamese walk counterclockwise "
" Kim Jong Nam murder: Suspect pleads guilty to lesser charge A Vietnamese woman s  "
"Kim Jong-nam murder: Vietnamese suspect pleads guilty to lesser charge://t.co/2XVeC7fDzS "
"Malaysia offers alternative charge to Vietnamese accused in Kim Jong Nam murder "
"Today, we finally found the entrance to the Vietnamese tunnel system. Looks like we are camping out here for the night. Wish us luck."
" This is an English translation. I think you can find the tranlastion in Vietnamese in Jimin's fanpages i "
"At a Vietnamese restaurant with my bf and he won't stop (very loudly) singing Reflection from Mulan. Help."
"Reuters:  Malaysia offers alternative charge to Vietnamese accused in Kim Jong Nam murder "
" : I'm a little mix but I mostly a Bolivian and Vietnamese artist who really interested in the adorable puffball name Kir"
"Can you spare a minute to help SON TRAN? "
"Congratulations to both Hiip and Kargo! "
"Startup of the Month, March: Vietnamese influencer platform Hiip "
"Malaysia offers alternative charge to Vietnamese accused in Kim Jong Nam murder "
"It may allow her to walk free today. "
"#Breaking Malaysia's prosecutors said Monday that they would drop the murder charge against Doan Thi Huong, a Vietn "
"#NSTflash: Vietnamese Doan Thi Huong has accepted reduced charge in murder of Kim Jong Nam; likely to walk free tod "
"Kim Jong Nam murder: Vietnamese woman escapes gallows, pleads guilty to lesser charge "
"These grandmas meet up every afternoon to play a Vietnamese card game. #casinoroyale #hanoi "
"Lawyer says Vietnamese suspect pleads guilty to a reduced charge in Kim Jong Nam death, asks for "
"Vietnamese woman accused of assassinating Kim Jong Nam, the half brother of North Korea's leader, pleads guilty to "
"Vietnamese beef with muoi tieu chanh sauce, sweet potato and kale.  "
" AP: BREAKING: Lawyer says Vietnamese suspect pleads guilty to a reduced charge in Kim Jong Nam's death, asks for "
"BREAKING: Lawyer says Vietnamese suspect pleads guilty to a reduced charge in Kim Jong Nam's death, asks for lenien "
"Malaysia offers alternative charge to Vietnamese accused in Kim Jong Nam murder case  "
"#Vietnam suspect in Kim Jong-nam assassination in #Malaysia offered lesser charge that may allow her to walk free "
"#BreakingNews Lawyer says Vietnamese suspect pleads guilty to a reduced charge in Kim Jong Nam's death, asks for le "
" Kinda like Vietnamese coffee"
"BREAKING: Lawyer says Vietnamese suspect pleads guilty to a reduced charge in Kim Jong Nam's death, asks for lenien "
"BREAKING: Lawyer says Vietnamese suspect pleads guilty to a reduced charge in Kim Jong Nam's death, asks for lenien "
"[#JimInNews] 190401's Main Page Life Section Jimin's fan dance during 2018 MMA is creating a worldwide c "
"Malaysian prosecutors offer to reduce murder charge against Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong Nam "
" : Her lawyer says prosecutors have offered an alternative charge of voluntarily causing hurt by dangerous weapons or means. http"
"       ...and why don't the V "
"Malaysia offers alternative charge to Vietnamese accused in Kim Jong Nam murder case - Reuters "
"minecraft villagers be like i just committed a war crime in a small vietnamese village"
"Vietnamese accused Doan has pleaded guilty to a lesser charge . Section 324 - voluntarily causing hurt by dangerous "
"Her lawyer says prosecutors have offered an alternative charge of voluntarily causing hurt by dangerous weapons or "
"Malaysia offers alternative charge to Vietnamese accused in Kim Jong-nam murder case "
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain | Global development | The G "
"Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong-nam assassination offered lesser charge that may allow her to walk free "
"Thank you for your support in such a short time. I wouldn have done it without y! C  v t c!  "
"APPRECIATION POST. been getting a lot of love for my performance as Nguyen so let me introduce you to my Viet "
"JUST IN: Prosecutors in Malaysia offer to reduce the murder charge against Doan Thi Huong, the Vietnamese suspect i "
"Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain. #OpDeathEaters "
"Vietnamese media not impressed by Chinese U19's body build. "
"my cousin is watching Vietnamese dramas loudly"
"  When someone gives everyone a label that's a racist to me. He talks about fat Mexican fami "
"ITS THE VIETNAMESE SUB SANDWICH #SD  "
"(AP) #Malaysian prosecutors offer to reduce murder charge against #Vietnamese woman accused of killing  "
"JUST IN: Malaysian prosecutors say offered to charge Vietnamese accused in Kim Jong Nam case with  caus "
"  Why don we have a German American History month?  Or a Vietnamese American History mon "
"frankly makes me nervous driving even and yet thinking about it is so nerve wracking that the enchanting ng voice o "
"Wow! Trump not the first presidential candidate to ask foreign country to meddle in American election process. "
"Kim Jong Nam death: Malaysian prosecutors offer to reduce murder charge against Vietnamese suspect "
"JUST IN: Prosecutors in Malaysia offer to reduce the murder charge against Doan Thi Huong, the Vietnamese suspect i "
"Ordered a Vietnamese salad for lunch and wanted extra chilli in my dressing and so they just gave me sweet chilli s "
" Unless the NCAA wants hockey fans to think about the senseless death of American soldiers, Vietnamese, "
" : The new additions join English, Chinese, Korean, Russian, Spanish and Vietnamese in a total of 13 languages  more than doubling t"
"BBCNEWS 7:13pm KIM JONG NAM MURDER TRIAL. Vietnamese defendant back in court in Malaysia"
"   You do know that that was a South Vietnamese jet that dropped that napalm?"
"H nay t  th vi h ti vi l 11 gi. Nh ma kh c  l.  I'm "
"#NSTflash: Vietnamese Doan Thi Huong, accused of murdering #KimJongNam, offered reduced charge with lighter punishm "
"I had Vietnamese coffee and Thai tea in one day, I think this is it y'all"
"this conversation was with a kinda grouchy Vietnamese lady I worked with as a temp labourer. not pictured is the 2 "
"JUST IN Malaysian prosecutors say offered to charge Vietnamese accused in Nipsey case with voluntarily caus"
"Kodi - Krypton 17.1 - ITV Plus - THE Vietnamese Kodi Addon to HAVE - #LatestKodi"
"Malaysian prosecutors offer to reduce murder charge against Vietnamese suspect in Kim Jong Nam's killing "
" so my weapon is a book in vietnamese (which i can even read) "
" :  A Vietnamese girl poses during a cherry blossom show in Hanoi   #AFP "
" : Hope Muthambu is reading her story of seeing so much diversity in Australia - having black friends, Vietnamese friends, a"
"the exact advice given LBJ by Clark Clifford was Do whatever it takes to save the country from Richard Nixon , Fi "
"Vietnamese Medals awarded to ALL American and foreign military personnel: "
" :      I am not a hater and don advertise my religion/ I didn even hate V"
"JUST IN: Vietnamese defendant likely to plead guilty to new charge: lawyer://t.co/0681UIBix2"
" : Vietnamese Speedway Stout is just a bottle of ethanol and a gas rag... I will bet money on it. "
"JUST IN: Vietnamese in Kim Jong Nam murder case offered lesser charge://t.co/0681UIBix2"
"Vietnamese Noodle Salad  Ninja City Kitchen and Bar "
"What a wonderful weekend Our son came home unannounced and he literally scared the heck out of me. . Of course, "
"Reuters: Malaysian prosecutors say will offer Vietnamese citizen accused in Kim Jong Nam case an alternative charge to murder."
"6. the spoken word poetry of chrysanthemum tran has a chapbook but tran's writing is so much more expressive + "
"What's for lunch today? How about our Fresh Vietnamese Salad Recipe? The key to this salad is the Vietnamese mint! "
"Vietnamese manufacturing PMI shows improvement in March (Nikkei Asian Review) "
" A Vietnamese girl poses during a cherry blossom show in Hanoi   #AFP "
"Malaysian prosecutors say offered to charge Vietnamese accused in Kim Jong Nam case with voluntarily causing hurt b "
"What your fave snack or appetizer? How about these #vietnamese #springrolls ? Watch episodes on  "
" : Outnumbered and surrounded, Howard Lee helped his platoon stave off waves of North Vietnamese attackers. He was awarded"
"Our IT partner came from Vietnam and he brought everyone Vietnamese local delicacies and guess which bitch can only see everyone else eat..."
"JUST IN:  Malaysian prosecutors say offered to charge Vietnamese accused in Kim Jong Nam case with voluntarily caus "
"JUST IN:  Malaysian prosecutors say offered to charge Vietnamese accused in Kim Jong Nam case with voluntarily caus "
"(translated from Vietnamese, actual discussion) your degree in?...... my daughter is in "
"Once again, we look forward to speaking and leading a crisis management tabletop exercise on a real case study of V "
"andralamatrix Eves #lunchbirthday  with Jeremy and I. #wonderfulfood #yeg I like the #atmosphere "
"Ly Tong, the  James Bond and anti-communist folk hero, nears death "
"Vietnamese folks know how to throw one helluva wedding reception! (!) courses served with an open bar and a "
" was nothing Vietnamese about it, but being able to fill our stomachs with a few dollars felt like owning a p "
"JUST IN :  DPP has proposed an alternative charge against 30 year old Vietnamese Doan who remains the only one stan "
"#JiminToday | 190401#Jimin's fan dance recently on Weekly Gonggam's cover was recreated by HS students from Huon "
" : About appropriate the Hell out of some Vietnamese culture... "
"Vietnamese Roll #yummy #lunchtime"
"Once again, I look forward to speaking and leading a crisis management tabletop exercise on a real case study of Vi "
"           "
" :  My Vietnamese girlfriend insists that I will die if I shower at midnight. Also, I can't kiss her 4 times"
"Bought myself  VIETNAMESE FOOD EVERY DAY and immediately started cooking through all the recipes with "
"All the excellent softswervenyc flavors, including the current special  Vietnamese Cold Brew flavor you "
"   Wow!! have now seen false equivalency taken to it's most extreme!!! "
"Sitting on my porch hearing all the different languages spoken as people walk by. Hindi, Arabic, Spanish, Dari, Vie "
" Best 1st date: Vietnamese food, wandered around a philly park until we stumbled into the middle of a "
"My bf is trying to help him mom set up a fb and he so frustrated. I can hear his frustration and I don even understand Vietnamese lol"
"Vietnamese manufacturing PMI shows improvement in March "
"Foreigners in Japan hit record high due to surge in Vietnamese - News VietNamNet "
"Need to translate in different languages? translate any documents in any languages#Malaysia #China #Palestine "
"Vietnamese law seems to have a defining problem "
"G k v? B k lu r m! PCT Thanh H, b k lu,  v l S X D ph ch t t Thanh "
" : Laughing in afghani or vietnamese is more appropriate? "
" : A reminder to put down the phone, turn off the tv/game...  The most precious gift we can offer others is our presence. When"
"Throwback to when my friend forgot that we were in a vietnamese restaurant where ppl could understand us and told m "
" : During the Vietnam War, Hugh Thompson Jr. order his men to turn their guns on American soldiers to protect Vietnamese civilian"
"I had a lady ask me to put extra caramel in her Vietnamese house coffee today ... girlll we a boba shop, not Starbucks"
"Never forget benefits done you, regardless how small. - #Vietnamese #Proverb "
"During the Vietnam War, Hugh Thompson Jr. order his men to turn their guns on American soldiers to protect Vietname "
"BREAKFAST: banh cuon, a freshly steamed noodle filled w minced pork and herbs, topped w Vietnamese pork sausage and "
"This Day in History Fighting intensifies with North Vietnamese offensive "
" : We are so excited to partner with Grab in developing #smartcity solutions, #AI and #smartpayment. As FPT's CTO Le Hong Vi"
"  Wow racist "
"During the Vietnam War, Hugh Thompson Jr. order his men to turn their guns on American soldiers to protect Vietname "
"Outnumbered and surrounded, Howard Lee helped his platoon stave off waves of North Vietnamese attackers. He was awa "
" Thank you for your reply! I wanna be friends with Vietnamese because a lot of people from Vietnam liv "
"Vietnam manufacturing sector grows for 40th successive month: The Hanoitimes  Vietnamese "
"Gov urged to help local banks lure foreign capital: The Government should help Vietnamese "
" i vietnamese but doesn canadian mean u live in canada"
"Food Prep Sunday!!  My meals for the week:  Tempeh and veggies saut in Lemon Basil Vietnamese Simmer Sauce over "
"During the Vietnam War, Hugh Thompson Jr. order his men to turn their guns on American soldiers to protect Vietname "
" : why does vietnamese iced coffee make me tweak like that"
"has anyone already watched that vietnamese or thai gay movie that the actor got hit by car and died and the other h "
"has anyone already watched that vietnamese or thai gay movie that the actor got hit by car and died and the other h "
"A Gramercy Tavern alum brings Van Da, a Vietnamese restaurant in the East Village "
"I checked in at Blossom Vietnamese Restaurant on #Yelp "
" Every week, Flossie takes the bus into town to visit the Asian nail place. She'll get her hooves done, "
"AT least 87.9% or 56,180 of the foreign nationals in the Offshore Gaming Operators or #Pogo sector were "
" : Concern as Vietnamese Dissident, Wife Expelled by Germany And Returned to Vietnam "
"Laughing in afghani or vietnamese is more appropriate? "
"Ordered a vegan vietnamese coffee and got order number 13! That's been my number since forever and people think I "
"I could eat Vietnamese food every single day and never get tired of it"
"  Which culture are you referring to? Asian Cdn, Indo Cdn? Jamaican Cdn, Japanese Cdn, Pakista "
"  another time, i was dining at a Vietnamese restaurant, the waitress took my order, and "
"We're on: #TheNewsroom here ---&gt; #JuanGuaido talks to our Americas editor, Leonardo Ro "
"Ph Tu became the first Vietnamese citizen AND first person from Southeast Asia in space when he flew aboard Soy "
"#Vietnamese #caramel #cod over #rice with #sauteed #veggies #vietnamesefood tonight offering at Casa Candelaria! "
" : yes i am a vietnamese war lord. u wonder why these rappers scared of me? "
"    Not sure how the Vietnamese entered into this, one of "
" : Two of my Vietnamese friends recently teamed up to form an eponymous business partnership. Sounds like a real Nguyen-Nguyen"
" So, mama is half white(duh) and half vietnamese but she looks quite asian. She married a white guy, so he "
" Hey Ayoola! I'm Maria Nguyen, a queer Vietnamese illustrator based in Canada :) I'd love to work with y "
" : First Vietnamese Grand Prix confirmed for 2020 F1 season. #speedo #f1 #supercar "
" : The term Vietnamese coffee often brings to mind images of the delicious beverage made of dark-roasted coffee and condensed mil"
"God dang I had some phenomenal Vietnamese food from Pho Broadway in Seattle. Thanks to  for giving me a "
"80.3 cts. Vietnamese or possibly nigerian aquamarine. $800 "
"What the lack of any thorough investigation, transparency or accountability in the Trumpistan detention camps is li "
" : Samsung Galaxy S10 super slow mode.  Pho Ba Co Vietnamese Cuisine "
"On meeting Vietnamese fans after a long time "
"   In the early 90s I saw Gretchen Carlson say that the man who shot the Vietnam "
" : John McCain was released this week 1973, after more than five years imprisoned by North Vietnamese:             #USNavy ht"
"Tale of two sities . Indonesian accused was discharged and now seeking full acquittal , Vietnamese accused w "
" I was pulled over once while driving with my Vietnamese American police officer roommate. He talked to "
"A TRUCK driver who smuggled 21 Vietnamese adults and children into Britain inside  modern equivalent of a slave "
"FBI charge two pastors with defrauding congregants out of $25 M. #AAPI "
"The Carbon Footprint of Vietnamese Robusta: Problem and Potential "
"Jane Fonda showed her true colors when she gave her support to the North Vietnamese while we had American soldiers "
" I eat some Vietnamese any day"
" My Vietnamese girlfriend insists that I will die if I shower at midnight. Also, I can't kiss her 4 t "
"I also want speak to how racially diverse vietnamese people look and how we exist in american racial paradigms. Mon "
"     &lt;smiles in Vietnamese&gt;"
"Also as some of my family are south vietnamese refugees from the war, i know for a fact that a lot of us left with "
"Im currently in the process of educating myself more on being vietnamese american but I just think that too few of "
"Note to self: I know I have anxiety and I know I not suppose to have ANY sort of caffeine but...WHY DID I DRINK A "
"Diana#viet #vietnamese #pageant #model #models #vietnameseamerican #asianamerican #sandiego #canon #zeiss "
"On a cold autumn day like today I love warm comforting foods. I nipped off for an early lunch - Vietnamese Pho so "
"Hi so it's been a sec since I've engaged in idpol discourse but I wanna do a short thread on vietnamese americans a "
"officially addicted to vietnamese coffee"
" :   I read they used the same inhumane tactics to the South Vietnamese &amp; the Hmong while escaping th"
" Yes! Very strong Chinese and Vietnamese communities here but not as many Japanese and Korean Americans. So interesting!"
" Thanks America for fighting side by side with Vietnamese during the war"
"A Gramercy Tavern alum brings Van Da, a Vietnamese restaurant to the East Village "
"Does anybody know any Vietnamese artists, preferably from Houston, that have an online shop and can ship work they sell?"
" : We're in St. Louis visiting  with our daughter and went out to  for dinner.  OH MY GOODNESS!  I"
"four Vietnamese furies in their meadow starred with flowers.  Four Sisters Restaurant "
" Right? Ever since I moved to Portland I find that Asians here don always know what kind of Asian I a "
"apparently my dad's solution to capitalism is to buy Vietnamese dong"
"This like every single one that I know of except I left out Vietnamese that'll be xin ch which actually means hello "
" : Vietnamese traditions... but at prom  #prom2k19 #aodai #Prom2019 "
"some Vietnamese pho would be so good rn!"
"The Vietnamese soul food from Matta also made me pause for the coffee cake in this food truck lot. "
"Learn why many #Vietnamese #ESL students struggle with their Speaking scores: #E2Language "
"textin/talking to my milfy forced my thoughts to be bilingual and my vietnamese go from 1st grade level to 6th grade level hell ya bitch"
"We are so excited to partner with Grab in developing #smartcity solutions, #AI and #smartpayment. As FPT's CTO Le H "
"i have to draw gray fox all the time because nobody knows what amerasian vietnamese people look like. this is my curse"
"Ly Tong, the  James Bond and anti-communist folk hero, nears death "
"Celebrated our 6th wedding anniversary last night with some target practice, Vietnamese food and a movie. The Tyler "
"#ICYW This is what it would look like if you were to see #CreepyJoe on a very #CasualDay at a Vietnamese restaurant. "
"He said he willing to pay $60k for me!!  This why I hate Vietnamese men... I worth at least $100k"
" Up!     ...  # "
""
" high school student tweeted her cover of Jimin's Fan dance performance with her friends. perf "
"V sao Vi Nam t h ch tham nh? "
"Resettled Spaces: #Examining the #Home / C Kh Gian T  C: T Hi Kh Ni Nh - will explore how the "
"Da Vu Yeu Duong 1 &amp; 2 CD RARE Vietnamese Le Thu Minh Duc Tuan Ngoc Lan Kieu Nga coupons  Promotions $39.99. Best "
"   Im Chinese, Vietnamese and Zambian. I believe *insert race here* Power is bulls "
"This policy proved to be #unsuccessful, and soon after there was a secondary #migration effect towards #population "
"H sinh L  ch t xe  l kh "
"About appropriate the Hell out of some Vietnamese culture... "
"It was #government policy to disperse the #refugees across the #British Isles, primarily for two reasons, toshare t "
"botanic gardens, vietnamese food &amp; home to take a bomb 4 hour nap with my man &amp; now hes cooking  i luuuv my days off"
"U.S. Marines &amp; Vietnamese troops move through the grounds of the Imperial Palace in the old citadel area of Hue, Vi "
"Concern as Vietnamese Dissident, Wife Expelled by Germany And Returned to Vietnam "
" brunch feels like a mini vacation! With the most colorful drinks &amp; Vietnamese inspired menu.  Bunker V "
"These groups of #refugees felt it was no longer safe in their #home, and thus took the chance to make this perilous "
"Following the end of the 2nd Indochina War &amp; the Sino-Vietnamese border conflict, many left #Vietnam, including eth "
" DRAGONFRUIT IS AMAZING. there's only one place in an hour radius that sells it in Missouri and it's this "
" : Honored to be at the American Jewish Committee'  NE 20th Diplomat Seder. Even having been a Vietnamese refugee myself,"
"H sinh L  ch t xe  l kh "
"  It means liver in Vietnamese "
" Yes for vietnamese veg rolls!! What dip did you use for it?"
"Education/Migration Consultant (Vietnamese) "
"SEPTEMBER 2018 don know if this was the month before or this month but we both volunteer for the city of Missi "
"  It just that you see a bigger difference w Vietnamese ppl than other Asian ethnicities"
"The perfect spring salad packed with tons of vegetables and healthy protein. Give it a try and let me know how much "
"any1 else taking brown political thought or intro to vietnamese america??? wow i can believe i have class tomorrow"
" :   and  are excited to be Silver Sponsor of #Kawai program. This is the biggest pr"
"First Vietnamese Grand Prix confirmed for 2020 F1 season. #speedo #f1 #supercar "
"   Grossly outnumbered? Just like My Lai:C company were 'grossly outnumbered' b "
"Vietnamese Stephanie"
"Made Vietnamese (bun ga nuong) for dinner.#DamnGina "
"Today we at Yerba Buena High School in East San Jose for the Vietnamese Women Day fundraiser! We be there u "
" That guy would lose his mind on the Gulf Coast. Hurricane info is broadcast in Vietnamese, as well as Spanish &amp; English."
" i dont like to go to asian nail salons because even tho theyre usually more talented than the american one "
" I know several half Vietnamese, half French people. Hapas are generally just treated the same way "
" : Hurry! Simply Follow and Retweet to win a musical shank-dabbing Vietnamese Postman Scented Candle - Enter Now "
" That's the case for every ethnicity born in a different location, not just vietnamese. Geographical diff "
"Vietnamese traditions... but at prom  #prom2k19 #aodai #Prom2019 "
"Tofu subs! #yyc #yyceats #yycfood ( Golden Bell Vietnamese Restaurant in Calgary, AB) "
"theres literally no reason for me to have the vietnamese keyboard on my phone but here i am"
"         "
"Vietnamese Speedway Stout is just a bottle of ethanol and a gas rag... I will bet money on it. "
" : Thank you, Waleed &amp;  for your segment on #agentorange. For those wishing to assist or donate to these amazin"
" oh I didn't know that. so this reveals that Vietnamese Zombies in BlackOps and Shellshock2 are actually b "
" : 26,26,24, 1/2 22 and a 6x6 Vietnamese closure in 20  "
"Family dinner. ( Pho 88 Vietnamese Restaurant in Orlando, FL) "
"Honored to be at the American Jewish Committee'  NE 20th Diplomat Seder. Even having been a Vietnamese refugee "
"I checked in at Mint Modern Vietnamese Bistro &amp; Bar on #Yelp "
"B H:  nh s qu  Madrid 'l v t c kh b nghi tr' "
"I not a coffee gal but Vietnamese Iced Coffee is &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; any other coffee esp if it from the OC  "
" : The law does not show respect to relatives.  Vietnamese proverb [38014]"
"BBC News Ti Vi - 'Ch n' v TT Trump c vi tr Trung M "
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain | Global development | The G "
"Starting on April 1st, this Monday. We are now open 7 days a week! Come in on Mondays and enjoy our Vietnamese Cuis "
"   Purposeful mass murder and an accidental bombing (done by the South Vietnames "
" Tom - why are you not being specific and using a term like Asian. Are these criminals Japanese? Vietn "
"CARAMEL PORK RECIPE  THIT RAM | VIETNAMESE CUISINE "
"    The US wasn't responsible for that attack either, it was a South Vietnamese bomber."
" It literally the only part of the. Jet smear language I know lol. The side effects of working in a "
"Vietnamese influencer platform Hiip bags 7-digit funding led by Thai Vnet Capital: "
" the Vietnamese Twitter Samoyed"
" Honestly it's amazing and I'm not surprised everything sold out. Also, can you please bring me some Vietnam "
" Asians are not some monolithic group. It includes not just Chinese but Indians, Bangladeshis, Koreans, Vi "
"6th #Vietnam #Labour Update Newsletter - taxi driver #strikes, #protests over rotting food, sexual harassment, "
"   Did Jim Carrey grandfather kill the Vietnamese?"
" Agree with that as a polyamorous nonbinary or genderfluid pansexual Vietnamese European &amp; Polynesian "
"not all vietnamese boys break hearts, y jus be choosing the m th q s kh c l t type "
"*Laughs in Vietnamese* "
"The Vietnamese fried rice I just ate was beyond amazing."
" : A Vietnamese youth is making biodegradable straws with grass that grows wild in the Mekong Delta. "
"That is so cool as a nonbinary or genderfluid pansexual Vietnamese European &amp; Polynesian Indigenous Pacific Islande "
"We went for Vietnamese food and now Dill is much more cuddly and seems contented. Now we're back at her place for c "
"Vietnamese in Cambodia Still Denied Citizenship  "
"  Read that again but slowly I think you mightve missed some anti native racism there "
"If You Look Like This Or Anything Similar To This PLEASE Jump In My DMs Right Now  Because I NEEDS Me A Blasian, "
"Policy: Ly Tong,  James Bond, folk hero, nears death "
" : Thxs!!! Will keep working with #parents, clinicians, students,  #midwifery   "
"    I know. Vietnamese coffees notwithstanding,, as long as every "
"Homemade food weekend. Japanese Okonomiyaki, Vietnamese Shrimp summer rolls, Canadian Butternut squash soup. "
"CARAMEL PORK RECIPE  THIT RAM | VIETNAMESE "
" Ooo I'll for sure keep an eye out for the vietnamese coffee"
"Ly Tong, the  James Bond and anti-communist folk hero, nears "
"My favorite Vietnamese actor, who 57. Pics from today. Wtf sir please give me your skincare tips... "
"A Gramercy Tavern alum brings Van Da, a Vietnamese restaurant to the East Village "
"A Gramercy Tavern alum brings Van Da, a Vietnamese restaurant in the East Village "
"         "
" :  a budding playwright, Nguyen knew he wanted to write about the Vietnamese immigration experience through the lens of o"
"    I don know why I even tweeting you all this because we "
"    There are cameras, cutlery and crockery made in the USSR which are s "
" Not bad, Vietnamese subs are popular everywhere. "
"  you did have Caucasians protraying Asians aka Charlie Chan: In the 1970's, the first season "
" awe thank you so much!! my dad is Vietnamese so idk if that has anything to do with it heheh"
"Skip ordering takeout tonight and make an Asian-inspired recipe at home! Chinese-, Thai-, Vietnamese-, and Japanese "
"Skip ordering takeout tonight and make an Asian-inspired recipe at home! Chinese-, Thai-, Vietnamese-, and Japanese "
"  Ok... You are righr, let's go with Oriental Dommes are hot AF ... , Japanese, "
" Vietnamese soups hit different"
" : #oralhistory Viet Thanh Nguyen. Vietnamese Refugee and Pulitzer Prize winning author discusses his experiences as a refug"
"    Monsato is the same company that manufactured agent Orange tha "
" At least you can spell Vietnamese "
"i was so ready to b typing up stuff for this but then i realized there wasn't any organization or a coherent narrat "
" : Guys, i need yalls help to report this Vietnamese facebook grp, the grp is full of antis speading lies about b*s  de/ath, th"
"   if you not Vietnamese i going to be highly disappointed"
" Omg so much fun!!! I kind of wish I had a girl instead of all boys but I've got 2 gorgeous nieces. The "
"Made my mother-in-law a tiramisu for her birthday. She's a sweet, sometimes overbearing Vietnamese lady. I barely s "
"TREASON: The True Legacy Of John McCain McCain made several propaganda tapes for the Vietnamese, betrayed the "
" My Vietnamese doctor thinks I look Japanese too. He bows everytime I see him. The hell? Lol"
"It's a tap code. They used it to communicate in North Vietnamese POW camps. Before that, they were used during the "
" i've never actually had Vietnamese coffee. i take this as a i should try it sorta thing?"
" DASH to Vietnamese Sunday Mass.  #HistoricFilipinotown #MyDayInLA #TakeMetoChurch "
"OTD in 1972 Fighting intensifies with North Vietnamese offensive"
" :  Hand over point between Malaysian Airspace and Vietnamese airspace in which there 30 minutes of No radar"
" : Coa kan niet eens beschermen.. Kamer wil onderzoek verdwenen Vietnamese jongeren  "
"Menudo. Mexican lager. Pan dulce. Nitro coffee Vietnamese style. Cannabis. Consumed on same Sacramento street on a Sunday."
"Ly Tong,  James Bond, folk hero, nears death #njenviro"
"The law does not show respect to relatives.  Vietnamese proverb [38014]"
"Vietnamese Food - Spicy Grilled Shrimp Recipe - Cach Lam Tom Cang Xanh Nuong Muoi Ot, i hope you'll enjoy with my v "
"Ok so I was in this buffet and both my mom and I were guessing if the waitresses were Vietnamese or Chinese. I pick "
"Booooooii. Guilty pleasures all around. This one was actually Vietnamese coffee, rather than tea. Coffee or tea, y' "
"like if you're gonna scream disturb my nap like that at least do it in Vietnamese since this is a Vietnamese church"
" The six new restaurants are Fenway Public House, Vietnamese bar Northeast, The Bavarian, Sushi Musa "
" As a Vietnamese person yes AND ITS HELLLAAAA GOOOODDDD"
" Thank you for the hashtag in Vietnamese princess "
"The #Vietnamese government wants to facilitate the growth of a sharing economy. But it lags behind other #ASEAN nat "
"vietnamese men are useless"
"  So what are you going to do with the Russians, Vietnamese, Indians, Germans, Chinese, R "
"I have successfully been reunited with the Vietnamese coffee of my dreams. Thank you Khoa for mailing me pounds of this stuff. Good day."
"    Still Vietnamese "
" : Alle partijen zijn in rep en roer nav de #Argos-uitzending over de verdwenen alleenstaande minderjarige Vietnamese asi"
"  only white passing (moms Colombian, dad's half Vietnamese) but dragging an ex who wa "
" : the real government secret is that vietnamese iced coffee is made out of actual crack"
" : sooo did no one realize that THE GIRL SHI FROM US MEANS RABBIT IN VIETNAMESE?? #usthemovie "
"So far no Vietnamese character in the main cast. I wonder why they bothered with the place and time period then.  "
" i looked it up it looks like Vietnamese"
"actually it just bad for everyone since the rich white men they import to code our world are the kind who hang ou "
"     who knew that Vietnamese was so common "
" : Tientallen Vietnamese kinderen verdwenen uit azc's, Kamer wil onderzoek "
"Soup for my mama ( Ph Vy Vietnamese Cuisine in Oakland, CA) "
"The music playing in all Vietnamese restaurants is like if you asked your Uncle Randy to DJ a wedding."
" : Ina Hut wil dat Europol ook ingeschakeld wordt mbt onderzoek naar de verdwenen Vietnamese asielzoekers. #Argos "
"   VIETNAMESE ARE AI!!!! RUN FOR YOUR LIVES!!!! "
"Ik blijf bij mijn mol, Bas. Deze aflevering was er een Vietnamese versie van House of the rising sun van The Ani "
"If we are peaceful, we are happy, can smile, everyone in our family, entire society, benefit fro "
"  Chill.... the Vietnamese league."
"I had Vietnamese chicken wings yesterday and holy fuck me i can wait for lunch tomorrow for round 2"
"     I am not a hater and don advertise my religion/ I didn "
" : happy #TransDayOfVisibility #TDoV !! i'm mill, a trans vietnamese artist and i love lego ninjago!! (he/him) "
" :  I live in the middle of nowhere KS, where there is a surprising amount of Vietnamese, Thai, and Mexican f"
" Thanks for this guys, I going to be writing some dialogue from Khmer and Vietnamese speaking English a "
"  Damn wonderful lady!! I knew you were an amazing human!! But didn't know you spoke Viet "
"NOTHING will make you more paranoid than nail ladies speaking Vietnamese and laughing hysterically while doing your pedicure"
" Exactly, if a Macca's worker gets caught poisoning a customer they can just get a new job at HJ's. At a "
" : Wat gebeurt er met tientallen Vietnamese kinderen die verdwijnen uit de beschermde asielopvang? De Kamer wil een diepgaand o"
"White men using religion to prey on refugees &amp; immigrants. Truly disgusting. Since the church assets were froz "
"A Vietnamese man asked me if I Japanese. I had sunglasses on ... but I don look Asian at all. So confused "
" my vietnamese ass "
"Door  heb ik zin in snackjes, maar vooral zin in een Vietnamese loempia die je bij zo kraampje kan halen."
"happy #TDOV !! i a vietnamese trans male artist studying to be a graphic designer. take this day to appreciate al "
"TFW the Vietnamese Pork Roll is probably the safer option."
"   17 - The commemoration must be celebrated after sunset and before sunrise (Exodus 34:25):: "
"17 - The commemoration must be celebrated after sunset and before sunrise (Exodus 34:25):: "
"hello hello i just remembered there are boxes of asian mangos in a vietnamese store for $12 aAAAAAA"
"happy #TransDayOfVisibility #TDoV !! i'm mill, a trans vietnamese artist and i love lego ninjago!! (he/him) "
"      A lot of them already here &amp; in many other coun "
"Any suggestions for future translations on our sites? currently have Chinese, Vietnamese, and German."
" Oooh Vietnamese food. Yum"
" :  I don't see Centrelink catching too many arab rorters, afghani rorters, indian scammers, vietnamese rorters, They"
"Ngo tr M: V  con  v  nh t c Trung Qu l gi nhau "
"the real government secret is that vietnamese iced coffee is made out of actual crack"
"Nhi v m cho  vi b k lu T Th Cang "
" : So the Vietnamese Bachelor contestants that fell in love are still together and they are so cute!  "
"The term Vietnamese coffee often brings to mind images of the delicious beverage made of dark-roasted coffee and co "
"Drinking a Speedway Stout (Vietnamese Coffee) by  at   "
" I live in the middle of nowhere KS, where there is a surprising amount of Vietnamese, Thai, and Mexi "
" China is building Casinos in Cambodia and appropriating land there.  Both nations have imposed colonialis "
"  I lived in Houston for 11 years to be exact and I don even know why I ended up in thi "
"my mom always speaks to me in vietnamese and i don understand a thing,, so when she leaves from being frustrated "
"vietnamese nude models amateurmovies net animated free sex ben ten fucking vannesa hudgens naked pic  sarah dunswor "
" : I bought my driver during today's election observation mission in Ukraine to a Vietnamese restaurant and bought him Pho f"
"     Are you saying the violence carried out by "
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
"went out for vietnamese earlier, thats right I am a man of many cultures"
" : #artistsofsea #digitalartwork #AzurLane ! I'm Vietnamese artist from the United States! I like to draw and experiment with"
" :    I see, and sending 50K Americans to die in Vietnam under false pretenses in a war t"
"Point of story: Peace deals mean shit when it's about the freedom &amp; liberation of your homeland. The Vietnamese rev "
"Good to see the issue of trafficked &amp; unaccompanied children going missing from care receive attention in the Nethe "
"Think a Vietnamese dude just ask me out on a date but his English so poor idk wat was going on I just kept say  "
"So my sister took one of the DNA test things and turns out we not only Thai, we also Chinese, and a little Vietnamese"
"Mussels in coconut curry with sesame crackers are back on the menu at Falansai Vietnamese Kitchen. [pic]: "
"  I taught school in a city where many Cambodian &amp; Vietnamese refugees had settled i "
"Hurry! Simply Follow and Retweet to win a musical shank-dabbing Vietnamese Postman Scented Candle - Enter Now "
"Just watched a guy order a Vietnamese sub (great stuff) then go back and ask for more cilantro (terrible stuff). So I ask you:"
" always sounds better on Sunday! Just ask   Salted Egg Parmesan Fries  Crispy garlic fries, hand-sha "
"happy #TDOV #TransDayofVisibility my name minh/michel and i a vietnamese genderfluid/nonbinary person who uses "
" :  Vietnam war was an unnecessary war. My thoughts go with all the American servicemen that paid a price"
"via  "
"i remember this one time my class was watching a movie and my teacher asked me  asian parents like that? (she "
"r/worldnews - Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain - Investigation highlig "
" : #Vietnamese churchgoers in southern California defrauded out of $25M. #AAPI "
"There are sometimes when I REALLY wish I knew Vietnamese so I can understand the conversations going on around me"
"Vietnamese Pour Over Coffee with California Sweetened Condensed Milk: Single-Use Portable Packets  Dark Espresso R "
"Recent prize-winning Vietgone depicts South Vietnamese characters fleeing the Fall of Saigon and figuring out how "
"Vietnamese Pour Over Coffee with California Sweetened Condensed Milk: Single-Use Portable Packets  Dark Espresso R "
"I always forget that a dab will really do you when it comes to Vietnamese iced coffee."
" Heyyyy I Vietnamese"
"#Vietnamese churchgoers in southern California defrauded out of $25M. #AAPI "
"GOD bless the new President of Ukraine! "
" : Worth noting that it was the Vietnamese Army that defeated the Khmer Rouge. #RaceAcrossTheWorld"
" : Bcnex - This ultimate Blockchain Trading Platform is a cryptocurrency trading platform developed by a group of Vietnamese"
" I don't see Centrelink catching too many arab rorters, afghani rorters, indian scammers, vietnamese r "
" workers presumed I was Chinese and Vietnamese and tried to talk to me as if I can speak English and t "
"Worth noting that it was the Vietnamese Army that defeated the Khmer Rouge. #RaceAcrossTheWorld"
" Nah that's Vietnamese food"
"This banh mi trung chen is the best egg sandwich I've ever devoured!#banhmi #egg #sandwich #instayum #foodpics "
"Named after the first President of the Vietnamese Republic. That would be the one that defeated the Americans? #RaceAcrossTheWorld"
"Spanish women call me Ramiro, Vietnamese women call me Rambo"
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
" tell that wannabe vietnamese stoner to bmo"
"   Assad has never massacred his people. That's propaganda garbage from Western disi "
" When the rice paddies start speaking Vietnamese"
"         "
" If you wander what USA imperialism leads to, just ask Vietnamese children burned alive. "
"Really into this DIY Vietnamese iced coffee at C in Lower Queen Anne "
"I slowly adjusting to my new job, but fuck, why am I so bad Vietnamese"
" :  Let's break this down. Anita Hill. Against allowing Vietnamese refugees into America. Questionable"
" :  zestig Vietnamese kinderen zijn verdwenen na aankomst in NL. Ze waren de afgelopen vijf jaar geplaatst in beschermde op"
"Love Vietnamese food? So do we! Luckily for us we have Co Nam, who provide quality Vietnamese street eats and comfo "
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
" : Ly Tong, the  James Bond and anti-communist folk hero, nears death "
" : Update: just dropped my battery bank on the Vietnamese guys head that is lying on the floor below me..... awkward"
" : #RobertMueller  earn the Bronze Star, the Purple Heart and the Vietnamese Cross of Gallantry in his time in Vietna"
" :  #Ireland: A Vietnamese migrant burnt down several cars in #Dublin, and then swung the machete. by blocked "
"Alex has moved on from flirting with Chinese Florists to Vietnamese Sugar Cane buyers. #RaceAcrossTheWorld"
"I can eat Vietnamese food every day if I have to. This is by far the biggest and most delicious feast I ever had wi "
"      millions of Iraqis, Afghanis, and Vi "
"TransCycle: Vietnamese, Amharic, Hungarian, Ukrainian, Irish, Luxembourgish, Azerbaijani, Igbo, Maori"
" : Not a word of apology for the millions killed for spurious motives. Unbearable then &amp; unbearable in hindsight. What the U"
" Or I may have formerly lived here. Here's another place, but, I'm frightened by the reviewers love of "
"I love the Vietnamese languages with all those crazy diacritics for the tones  #raceacrosstheworld "
"Check out what ive found here Vietnam ERDL Modified Advisor Shirt - ARVN Vietnamese Ranger Biet Dong Quan BDQ "
" CYCLO # # # # # #"
"Special flavor time (vietnamese coffee tiramisu) "
"  It is a bible belt hellhole. Houston is ok who's last mayor was a Lesbian. That said, "
"     Better than loose against vietnamese."
" :   It sucks to be a descendant of a murderous fascist tyrant, I'm sure. But you should be used to it"
"Legend has it that the Vietnamese people originated from an immortal Chinese Princess and the Dragon Lord of the S "
" : A new Vietnamese cookbook offers fresh look at classic dishes "
" Vietnamese pop-up Eat Vietnam will join the ever-growing list of new eateries in #Stirchley with their first per "
"I think I could just live in this airport like that guy in the movie. Ate a Blue Star donut and Vietnamese spring r "
"1. my shirt has bikes on it!. I appear to have ALL OF THE HAIR. Vietnamese food is tasty! "
"San Marcos NEEDS a good Vietnamese restaurant ASAP"
"In Annaud's film The Lover, the man's story shows how he is also an outcast. man's wealthy family left China w "
"It's been a really long time since I went out for dinner by myself but I found a nice looking Vietnamese place and "
"Update: just dropped my battery bank on the Vietnamese guys head that is lying on the floor below me..... awkward"
"Ye 1,000,000 Vietnamese Dong "
"Nobody asking real questions like how many poor Vietnamese farmers I killed today, don forget I got double xp for "
"Vietnamese crawfish is better, don  me."
"this lady said you know how to speak vietnamese. what do you need a fork for? Shut up and give me my shit, mai.. futtw?"
"Former Vietnamese refugee moves back to Hamilton to build a high rise: Allen Le Nam came to Hamilton as one of the "
"Silky Smooth Vietnamese Iced Coffee your caffeine fix just got sweeter. #Coffee "
"         "
"New Beers:  Baykeeper IPA,  Fruit of the Dragon,  Speedway Stout - Vietnamese Coffee!"
"Nah fam the Vietnamese claimed it. Filipinos can have everything Asian fam. "
" : Reporting on the March 30, 1965 bombing of the U.S. Embassy in Saigon: Only a few weeks earlier, Johnson had begun bombi"
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
" Yeah.. learn vietnamese.. thats the language of love right there"
"(2/2) Vietnamese marinated chicken breast tossed in our house-made bao bun sauce, on a toasted garlic baguette with "
" Dongs? Something tells me that you're not referring to Vietnamese currency."
"Vietnamese state-aligned #hackers have been targeting foreign #automobile firms in support of the Vietnamese gove "
"Feds target Westminster church suspected of swindling $25 million from Vietnamese investors "
"A new Vietnamese cookbook offers fresh look at classic dishes "
"Pho tacos from chateaulemongrass. the video review here: "
" covers in vietnamese thread"
"  What about the Vietnamese? "
"   One issue, as a child of Vietnamese refugees, is that he specifically vo "
" : I'm talking with KIM JUNG UN! Can't Belieive it! He's sooo handsome! He's been Totally working out! Can you say BICEPS"
"  The Chennault Affair is pure BS. The only 'crime' Nixon committed was screwing up LBJ's a "
"  i went to school with a bunch of central americans and even tho i recognized everyone "
"Player kicks ball into own net from free kick in Vietnamese National Football Cup game "
"MY GRANDPA (who understands only Vietnamese) SAW SEUNG*I IN THE NEWSPAPER AND THOUGHT HE WAS PA OF BT$ AND ASKED "
"Where a good Vietnamese restaurant ?"
" : The two vietnamese bachelorettes who left the show are still together and it's cute af "
" : vietnamese is so funny,,, like why do we talk in 3rd person"
"#Chinese #Han #Vietnamese #Asian #Ladies #asianwoman who like to get to know me can send me a message ...  "
"  "
"   Vietnam save by the support of human not for Vietnamese army"
"Remember that time a bunch of Vietnamese farmers kicked our ass? Pepperidge Farm remembers "
"Vietnamese  children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain -  Investigation highlights failings "
" : John McCain being captured by North Vietnamese farmers after being shot down (October 26, 1967) "
"American soldiers are dropped off by "
"   I take it the Vietnamese are not on your Christmas card list. #americunt"
"i see why those Asian, Vietnamese and Chinese kids are smart because they parents don play that play shit "
" You may want to engage Cubans,Venzuelans, Vietnamese, Nicaraguans and the like and ask them about spreading the wealth."
"The new additions join English, Chinese, Korean, Russian, Spanish and Vietnamese in a total of 13 languages  more "
"Hello, I'm Vietnamese, I'm 18 yo. "
"i still have like fantasy conceptions of war which doesnt really apply to how it works in real life, like some of m "
"vietnamese iced coffee is like crack, i love it"
" And? You're too young and stupid to know ANYTHING about the reporting on Vietnam. At 2 I learned what a "
" There are loads of vegan places now, especially in the 'dirty vegan' fast food genre. Bio places ar "
" Tf she doesn't look Vietnamese"
"  It sucks to be a descendant of a murderous fascist tyrant, I'm sure. But you should be u "
" :   A terrific #VietnamVeteransDay ceremony in Denver's Little Saigon. U.S. #veterans along with South Vietnamese vets show"
"Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain - Investigation highlights failings of "
"Vietnamese hotpot with the family  happy times  "
"#viet #vietnamese #selfie #oklahomacity #okc "
" : Ever wondered what goes on behind the scenes at The Kojo Nnamdi Show? Here's a behind-the-scenes peek at Kojo's visit to the"
" I would only take on directing it if I feel like my voice as a director is clear and best for the mat "
"  Vietnamese: perth  ? :)"
" : vietnamese coffee has no business smacking this hard"
"#white #fly #sky #Bean #style #Like #HaNoi #hanoicity #Vietnamese  style do you like more? "
" :  de Vietnamese kinderen terechtkomen, is niet bekend. Mogelijk worden ze aan het werk gezet en verdwijnen ze in de illega"
" : Buddha was giving me a sign last night through my nosebleed bc nose bleed in Vietnamese ch m cam and y know what c"
" I have two adopted nieces in DC. Parents are mostly German  background white-skinned Americans. On "
"VIETNAM - FIRST TIME IN HISTORY: THE NATIONAL ASSEMBLY OF VIETNAM INVITED DR. OLIVER MASSMANN TO PRESENT IN VIETNAM "
"I want a Vietnamese coffee but I also want a Thai tea. I sitting in the parking lot trying to make a decision before I go in "
"   H kan du l mer om vad som brukar ske i krig:://t.co/StGxce15fn"
"  I want to eat at this Vietnamese restaurant Beth and Vu kept racing about and giving me fom "
"Vietnamese country and people always welcome you... back Vi Nam  you so much babe  "
"an abortionist is a sagamore: Sino-Vietnamese and financial-market"
" They only won because America had reached it limit for casualties if they had actually stayed until "
"Vietnamese iced coffee with boba would fucking smack rn"
"  I still furious about the Vietnamese stealing my freedom to this day"
"#Netherlands has revealed that, in the past 5 years, at least 60 #Vietnamese children have disappeared from  shelte "
" : In de afgelopen 5 jaar verdwenen 60 Vietnamese kinderen uit de Beschermde opvang. Ze zaten daar omdat ze kwetsbaar zijn."
"WAIT (vietnamese woman who appeared on the tv show bachlorette chose a fellow contestant instead of a dude) I THOUG "
"Are the hd closures similar to transparant lace material of the Vietnamese closures? I  Yes I thinness BUT the h "
"    Calling the deliberate murder of Vietnamese citizens and activel "
"Thanks god someone has already put the Vietnamese sub for these eps of Yai and the grandson#Tawan_V "
" Ch c thi cu k t(I hardly actually use Vietnamese on social media so this feels awkward af XD)"
" I only tweeting this bc everyone is retarded and thinks  Vietnamese rice farmers DESTROYED Amer "
" : Finally finished Tourist, but I feel like there more to the story. Also I craving Vietnamese sandwiches now. &gt;_&lt; https"
"b m Ingredients  traditional meats you find in are pork, p, and cured ham. Then, additional b m ingr "
" :   Asians have been here since before the railroads. How about the Vietnamese Asians? What did they c"
" You mean there more to Vietnamese cuisine than pho and banh mi? "
" : Also revealed today: In 2016, When a Vietnamese American boy won a scholarship over a white boy, David Stringer told the"
"  North Vietnam had China, Soviet Union backing. Was it ever really winnable?  sour "
"  sandwich made with baguette bread and savory ingredients.  Find them at Vietnamese or Korean rest "
"  Very few people credit GW Bush for his war record.  In almost 2 years as an active member of "
"Skip ordering takeout tonight and make an Asian-inspired recipe at home! Chinese-, Thai-, Vietnamese-, and Japanese "
"This Vietnamese dude found out I stay in Texas and first thing he said was BEYONCE!!!LEMONADE!!! I AIN'T SORRY. BOY BYE"
" : False narratives paved the way for the Vietnam War. The very first one was a very popular book by Tom Dooley with phoney"
" : How to make the perfect iced #coffee for #summer #vietnam #foodie #recipe "
" : Manicurist &amp; Nail Technician (Female) Name: Afrina Group of Companies: Filipino, Vietnamese &amp; Rus"
" a budding playwright, Nguyen knew he wanted to write about the Vietnamese immigration experience through the le "
"I can't fucking believe the laziness here. I am constantly leveraging everything I can find to make Vietnamese AAC "
"Like after  I told the guy I Vietnamese he said I so happy for you for coming here and making a good life here in the U.S..... ?????"
"Shout-out to Vietnamese, Mexican, Malay,  and Spanish tho. Y'all were close."
"  I once overheard someone asking a Vietnamese person what part of China Vietnam was in."
" :  YEA ITS FUCKING ON KPOPPERS FACEBOOK SKNFNFKD the way all my kpop locals swearing at u in vietnamese rightnow. its gre"
" YEA ITS FUCKING ON KPOPPERS FACEBOOK SKNFNFKD the way all my kpop locals swearing at u in vietnamese rightnow. its great"
"Why do Vietnamese people call Israel Isarel?"
" : Vietnamese artist, Orange who has just won the New Asian Artist Award thanked Kang Daniel for offering hands to help her w"
"Buddha was giving me a sign last night through my nosebleed bc nose bleed in Vietnamese ch m cam and y know "
"So true: For many Vietnamese immigrants from the older generation  staunch Republicans and parents and grandparent "
" If you are wondering what it means to be American US you can get the answer from the natives, the blacks "
"   do you understand the difference between Vietnamese children and Benito Mussolini. I think you do not"
"  Lol, it doesn't change the facts that he's a war criminal who caused the sufferring of coun "
" Seriously! Zoras green shirt had Rabbit on it in Vietnamese too. Lol. So many hidden meanings."
" I had Vietnamese food at IEM. My mind was blown away "
"  Meko bs itna samajh aaya ke even Google knows ke tune Hindi or English ni bhonki transl "
"A Vietnamese youth is making biodegradable straws with grass that grows wild in the Mekong Delta. "
"Ly Tong, the  James Bond and anti-communist folk hero, nears death "
"my parents have no problem driving 40+ minutes to get vietnamese food and ch whenever i home and my fat ass is so eternally grateful"
"    Could you maybe not bring your apologism for the murderous actio "
"   I see, and sending 50K Americans to die in Vietnam under false pretenses in "
"Ly Tong, the  James Bond and anti-communist folk hero, nears death "
"I freakinnnnnn misss Old Quarter and all of the EPs, OCs n thoseee vietnamese ppl that loves hanging out wiff meeeeeee"
" : There are a lot of white immigrants in South Africa, fro Europe, Russia, Ukraine, Estonia, Bulgaria etc. There are also Paki"
"  Yikes! Read a part under the  where it says,  16: Vietnamese and Filip "
" i speak french vietnamese and english fluently im learning korean japanese and russian!!"
"Listen, myself and  will travel across the city in pursuit of the best Vietnamese restaurant - it s "
" : Same thing happened re: Vietnam war when people are accusing USSR of imperialism for supporting the North Vietnamese go"
" It the Vietnamese flag.."
"true life: I addicted to Vietnamese coffee"
"    It a myth. But most people will whistle a tune while "
" :    Your defense of facism is, um, interesting, but Nick Ut's photo is of the survivors"
" : #WelcomeChunghaToVietnam #HAfleurdelis #HAfleurdelisEvent #ChunghainVietnam #CHUNGHA #V_BYULHARANG #Vietnamese_Byulharan"
"Wanted to share this video with my Vietnamese - American neighbor... He hasn't been to the old country in a long wh "
"Vietnamese food is my top fav! It taste so fresh "
"We want to welcome a new partner crazyphoyou.ottawa  Here is a delicious authentic Vietnamese restaurant for our "
"It 80 and sunny. Don hate me! One of my favorite things to do on the road is this Brunch. Every kind of Thai an "
" Let's break this down. Anita Hill. Against allowing Vietnamese refugees into America. Questionab "
"TNAG#2 - Vietnamese food with fishsauce and garlic and chili "
"in a convo with my gramps i have learned how to say earth in vietnamese and it literally translates to  of dirt"
"Reporting on the March 30, 1965 bombing of the U.S. Embassy in Saigon: Only a few weeks earlier, Johnson had begun "
" : Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain - Investigation highlights failings of Dutch and"
"The First Mother Day Great British Bake Off! Eclairs! Three hour time limit to create a signature bake. Mine, Vie "
"The First Mother Day Great British Bake Off! Eclairs! Three hour time limit to create a signature bake. Mine, Vie "
"The double  EE  electrical engineering major black presidential wife first Vietnamese Vietnamese girlfriend rode in "
"it's not even that funny but it is because it's in vietnamese and i understand it "
"   Your defense of facism is, um, interesting, but Nick Ut's photo is of the sur "
"i just realised i could have gone to the vietnamese restaurant, i've been wanting to try it for a while noe"
" : There's a saying in Vietnamese that goes the more you wait, the longer your neck so don't tell me my fear is not rational"
" you play as a vietnamese or fight against vietnam? :3"
"   The cancer rates for soldiers and Marines who did in-country tours is held "
"Three of us went for a Vietnamese meal last night but they gave us far too much. We didn't want it to go to waste s "
" Dated a Vietnamese girl from 14-20 and went to Hanoi a few times. I was tripping for a second when I saw you post that tree."
"Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain - Investigation highlights failings of "
" : Vietnam introduces self-publishing platform#writerslife #HistFic #romance #suspense #lesfic #scifi #horror #amwritingscif"
" ? For Morelos? He probably worth 20m Vietnamese dong thats abt it"
"Also, participants specifically invoke the idea that they don want to be the stereotype of the  girl s "
"My colleagues  are from all over the world and we sometimes help out with translation when a customer doesn "
"are you even Vietnamese if you don't put garlic and fish sauce in everything?"
"  And what a great choice. Vietnamese  food is fantastic and pho is serious comfort food"
"Boeing (NYSE: BA), Delta (NYSE: DAL) could benefit from FAA decision on Vietnamese airlines - Orlando Business Jour "
" Hello, I just want to say that your artworks are so beautiful and I love them very much. So may I repost "
"Nguyen: Vietnamese beauty pageant contestants use constructed dialogue to position themselves raciolinguistically. "
"Or just...ask the native americans, or the african slaves, or the Japanese, or the Vietnamese, or the Iraqis, etc. "
"Luvee finished product after his Vietnamese cooking class!!!  Delish  "
" : Many members of the older generation respect how he risked himself in the name of freedom while to many of the younger g"
" I Having Vietnamese"
" :  be #beautiful means to be yourself. You don need to be accepted by others. You need to #accept yourself."
"Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain - Investigation highlights failings of "
"Hii what's your ethnicity?  i am SEA [(S)outh(e)ast (a)sian], vietnamese :) "
"My girl is from Vietnam and when she talk Vietnamese with her family I be like "
" : Diana Nguyen - Depression is a Vietnamese House "
"Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain - Investigation highlights failings of "
"Longonissa sausage, chili pan mee, Vietnamese iced coffee. #brunchofchampions.  Pig and Khao "
"It hurting me but I like it haha #sexy #spank #bdsm #Vietnamese "
" : From Vietnamese refugee to co-owner of acclaimed Chicago restaurant HaiSous - Chef Thai chats with Bernice Chang of South Chin"
" : My report with  in   #LostinEurope                          "
" Fortunately there are two Vietnamese restaurants within steps of my front door so I end up having "
" vietnamese ..."
" Haha ofc you dont, bc thats some vietnamese character, only typable with vietnamese keyboard  "
"eurodance songs covered by vietnamese singers"
"Vietnamese Music  : NH CA KH HAY NH C L THU "
" Thank you for having a halal Vietnamese lunch together with me at PHO 24 pho24indonesia Jakarta dear mba Nova th "
"Japanese firm eyes stake in ailing Vietnamese bank "
"In English it called   Chinese it called  French it called   Japanese it cal "
"N c ti,  mua s, h h . T l l b c  g c th. V tr nghi c th l thay  con "
" i get ya. I'm a 14 year old vietnamese girl"
"'Ch n' v TT Trump c vi tr Trung M "
" Make it Vietnamese coffee and I'll join you."
"3. I bought a bag of Vietnamese bread and baked it for dinner after the Bible class. It delicious!"
" : Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain://t.co/WJ2q2mnZTI #OpDeathEaters"
"Alessandra Mussolini and her supporters (of which there are plenty) definitely don't care one bit about murdered Vi "
"Beautiful Vietnamese Music : R Mai T  Em | 30 B T Ca Ho Ni K  X | T Ca Ph ... "
"Mission accomplished! I'm delighted to share that my book on U.S.-Vietnamese normalization is under contract with "
" :  Been happening since ://t.co/pr2PDfVlmQ"
" : CHA NEM - Vietnamese Crispy Spring Rolls FULL RECIPE HERE &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; "
"to all the Vietnamese students out there t/ trong k thi cu k r, nh l m ng thi chuy c n "
"Did you Know.. #SpinTV offers Many International &amp; Nationality Channels such as: "
" : All of love for you  Mark's Day 3003 # #MarkSiwat #Memory19thof"
"  If you really read that book, cherry picked the tiny part about culture, completel "
"Many members of the older generation respect how he risked himself in the name of freedom while to many of the yo "
" s kh ph l ch  .  s l kh bi ch   bao gi #Waiting4CNBLUE #waiting #WaitForIt #HCM "
"*chuckles in Vietnamese* "
"Boeing, Delta Air Lines could benefit from FAA decision on Vietnamese airlines: Boeing has three airline customers "
"Kansas is the boringest state I ever visited, BUT they got the cheapest and bestest Vietnamese food lol"
"English, Indonesian, Japanese, Korean, Spanish, Thai, Vietnamese?!?? what is happening is sm okay? "
"  it's about the rise and fall of the ngo dinh diem regime in south vietnam + US involvemen "
"Feds target Westminster church suspected of swindling $25 million from Vietnamese investors "
" Wow!!! SM work so hard is this time, they're have sub for VietNamese :&gt; #CHEN_Beautiful_goodbye  #EXO #weareoneEXO"
" : I a little late with this trend ... whatever  German Vietnamese #PraisintheAsian "
"  Folks.. just remember.. the Vietnamese had kids that would be used to trick a GI too.. so do the latter day o "
"  Vietnamese :)) ??? C Lan :)) ???"
" I am a user from Vietnamese. I really feel uncomfortable about identity verification."
"   Kh c g (really googling how to say you're welcome in Vietnamese) tha "
" : Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
"Note: it has a total of 7 subtitles, not 8. So Vietnamese and 6 other languages"
" : ##TimeToMeetChen startle me by putting Vietnamese subtitle in Chen's debut MV. OMG, it's Vietnamese, an"
"  I 100 percent vouch for cordon bleu. best Vietnamese food I've ever had. Small, counter ser "
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain | Global development | The G "
" Half Vietnamese and Half Chinese  I love seeing all of the representation in this thread!!! "
"##TimeToMeetChen startle me by putting Vietnamese subtitle in Chen's debut MV. OMG, it's Vietnam "
"Lured by higher wages but often burdened by debts to recruiters, Vietnamese are the fastest-growing group of foreig "
" : one time my coworker tried to tell me how to pronounce pho... IM VIETNAMESE how YOU gon tell ME"
"Great Saturday spent walking around with these two pups and the family. Finished off with some great Vietnamese foo "
"We're waiting to board our flight to SF and there's this Vietnamese mom sitting behind me telling her 7yr old son h "
"Crispy Sweet Potato Pancake Lettuce Wraps       These Vietnamese sweet potato pancakes are an excellent snack or a "
"Oooooh baby Vietnamese coffee Ten Ton Truck is just the most delightful thing  "
"How to make Asian Vietnamese Spaghetti Squash Shrimp &amp; Pork Salad Recipe- Goi Bi Soi Tom Thit Heo. "
"Fresh cilantro ready for weekend   #vietnameserestaurant #vietnamesegrill #annam "
" : Fascinating visit of #VinFast plant in #Vietnam What a great undertaking: building up Vietnamese cars and electric scoo"
"Imagine being a Vietnamese rice farmer in 1971 and suddenly hearing Creedence Clearwater Revival play in the background"
" : Former German Vice Chancellor , who was born in Soc Trang province of Viet Nam in 1973, has been appointed"
"All I know of you is all the sights of war. A film by Coppola, the helicopter's roar. Hello Vietnam Sub Vietnamese "
"From Vietnamese refugee to co-owner of acclaimed Chicago restaurant HaiSous - Chef Thai chats with Bernice Chang of "
"Ever wondered what goes on behind the scenes at The Kojo Nnamdi Show? Here's a behind-the-scenes peek at Kojo's vis "
"*TH   I HAVE VIETNAMESE BLOOD FLOWING IN MY VEINS YET I CAN'T TYPE PROPER VIET"
" Reading this, it appears as if Ukrainians can eat vietnamese food for first time thanks to Maidan revolution."
"(*`*) ph / S  / Akihoro Nishino "
"You know a Vietnamese restaurant is authentic when you walk in and are hit by the scent of m ru. Huong Quan in "
"Between 1944 and 1945 French colonialist polices of rice storage caused two million Indochinese inhabitants to die. "
" Well, is that so... I don't understand because i can't translate many English sentences, Because I'm Vietnamese"
"    Have David and Rachel informed their children of their natural pa "
"  That depends on which part of globe you are located in. If I am a Vietnamese then you have the answer...."
"      He got American soldiers killed "
" : Ly Tong, the  James Bond and anti-communist folk hero, nears death  "
"Vietnamese spring rolls  #HoChiMinh  Royal Saigon Restaurant 201 Bui Vien "
"is it far?  in #Vietnamese "
"190329 Super Junior | Speak Vietnamese super cute | V Hearbeat | FancamHD "
"  That cat is having Vietnamese Flashback...."
" : Indigenous communities in Cambodia recover their sacred land taken over, a decade ago, by a Vietnamese agribusiness to"
" Asians? Would they be Japanese? Chinese? Burmese? Filipino? Malay? Indonesians, perhaps? Koreans? Vietnamese?......"
"Yosakoi dance in Japan Cherry Blossom Festival 2019 in #Hanoi #Vietnam. Check out 4k video here: "
" I became friends with late 60's Vietnamese doctor in sauna. Spoke very good English. When politics com "
" Dark mode, sugar&gt; salt, Vietnamese,  et like books( mm si j'aime bien les livre qd mm donc jpense qu'on peut rajouter +10)"
" the '99 &amp; vietnamese american djdjdj!!!"
"Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain - Investigation highlights failings of "
"A Toyota security breach has hit the company for the third time in two months and includes Toyota's Australian, Jap "
"A Toyota security breach has hit the company for the third time in two months and includes Toyota's Australian, Jap "
" And I mean, don't get me started on Ben Thanh being both Vietnamese and Thai. Let alone best and second "
" I create bigger, better version of it. I include Vietnamese Flashbacks, it be my Mona Lisa of memes"
"Any Chinese, Japanese, Korean or Vietnamese rap listeners? Or y not hip yet?"
" : Ly Tong, the  James Bond and anti-communist folk hero, nears death - Los Angeles Times   https"
" dark mode / rock metal enthusiast (moyen) / vietnamese"
"Ordered some dark Vietnamese oolong from a tea website I've heard of but never bough from - SerendipiTea. We'll see "
"So from what I'm finding about Vietnamese teas, they have two types. They have the Oriental Beauty type (aka floral "
" : Ment - Leeteuk: its been long since we last greet you guys.: happy to see you guys today. Do you guys understand v"
" : So happy to see Vietnamese ELFs giving warm welcome to Super Junior. It been years but you could see that ELF community"
" I want Vietnamese!"
"Des enfants vietnamiens disparaissent des foyers n pour faire l'objet d'un trafic en Grande-Bretagne - Un "
"  I know..I just want people to know he was a traitor all around. McCain was NO HERO!  He sold "
"For those who like to push the cutting edge of style, two of the world most talked-about haircuts are now availab "
" : yes, time for another-how similar are we? pts: artsy pts: eldest child pts: baking/cooking pts: 1999 pts:"
"  You say Asian.....are they Korean??"
"yes, time for another-how similar are we? pts: artsy pts: eldest child pts: baking/cooking pts: 1999 "
"We have to walk in a way that we only print peace and serenity on the Earth. Walk as if you are kissing the Earth w "
"I really wish Vietnamese pot-bellied pigs would make a comeback as pets in America... "
" : The a Vietnamese hacking group, APT32, had last month launched a spearphishing campaign against multinational car companies"
" : 1 DAY TO GO! (GM) Wang Hao unfortunately will be unable to join. The field, however, remains as strong as ever"
"Vietnamese Caramel Chicken "
"So while researching Vietnamese oolongs, I came across Artichoke Tea. Yes, you read that right and yes it's exactly "
"Deprived of citizenship, the Vietnamese of Cambodia live on the edge of society  "
"I had a coffee and then promptly fell back asleep... Is coffee just hot bean juice to me now??? Did I break somethi "
" : During a summit between US President Trump Donald and North Korea Chairman Kim Jung Un, Vietnamese egg coffee has spellbound"
"Haven been here for a while but my favorite spot for Vietnamese food in KL;Sao Nam. Love their Vietnamese pancake "
"  I wonder if this Asian were mostly vietnamese or chinese in origin ??"
"Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain - Investigation highlights failings of "
"Haven been here for a while but my favorite spot for Vietnamese food in KL;Sao Nam. Love their Vietnamese pancake "
"that's just fine. you guys don't gotta mention my fanatical jesus freak letter to mike after the rodney add came ou "
"H sinh L  ch t xe  l kh "
"Crispy Sweet Potato Pancake Lettuce Wraps: These Vietnamese sweet potato pancakes are an excellent snack or appetiz "
"  Kudos to your parents.  Vietnamese immigrants are some of the hardest working, no bullshit no ex "
"SheRoamsAbout I dream about Vietnamese iced coffee!"
"Sources say Ven. Minh didn't graduate from any local Buddhist institutions &amp; is actually member of communist party "
"Vietnamese asielkinderen hier????! Jonge kinderen spoorloos, via COA-opvang geronseld door maffia! "
"50% DISCOUNT OFF YOUR FIRST MEAL://t.co/SKG6JuRLE9#pho #Torontopho #delicious #delicious_food "
" Fox Asia: Chinese, Vietnamese &amp; Japanese are all citizens of Korea."
"*Laughs in Vietnamese* "
"ok i bored so+10 vietnamese+10 lives in usa+10 short+10 gemini+10 summer and autumn+10 cries a lot+10 get "
" I can see outsiders scepticism with all the China bashing lately, but from an insider's point of view "
"I am absolutely housing this two foot Vietnamese sandwich."
" : On Rare:  The Chinese and Vietnamese are two-faced and behave with impunity toward destroying the environment and wallow in"
"Liked on YouTube: Learn Vietnamese for travelers #5: At the hospital | Vietlingo "
" : Cinnamon Brownie! Vietnamese cinnamon ice cream with a #glutenfree brownie in the middle!  "
" l mi ngen kkkk#Vietnamese #Sexy "
" : Hi here a lil story time about how I think my straight off the boat, Vietnamese ass dad tricked me into eating all of my"
" : There's a huge Vietnamese food festival in #Toronto this summer "
" There too much rabbit symbolism for it to not be intentional from the get-go. Zora shirt has the word "
"New therapy in cancer treatment brings new hopes for Vietnamese patients: HITV (human "
""
" We've got some Vietnamese coffee, just waiting to be delivered! Just honestbee!"
" I hope that is just for the War dead and their efforts to beat back the Evil Communist regime from a "
"The #2020Census will collect responses in 13 languages: Creole "
" : Nagoya company head chooses Vietnamese employee as successor amid generational crunch://t.co/g6z0x1at56"
"Vietnamese coffee. "
" :    they are my favorite nonbabusive nontoxic healthy interracial ship as a mixed pe"
" Post some pics at some point if you got some, really into food, but authentic food from the heritage s "
"There are trade and foreign policy benefits from refugee resettlement. Canada private sponsorship program began w "
"#logodesign #logo_design #logomark #design #Designer #style #PicOfTheDay #Branding #business #marketing "
" : Need a quick brief on #PrimaryImmunodeficiency and #WorldPIWeek? Watch our video, also available with subtitles in English"
" My Vietnamese bf in Vietnam "
"Vietnamese Lemon &amp; Sesame Salad "
" We agree, Cams! :) You might want some Vietnamese coffee to go with that as well. :) Just honestbee!"
"ate thai, vietnamese &amp; chinese food today  happy tummyyy HAHA"
"Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain - Investigation highlights failings of "
" :     "
" Omg  saw your account writen by Vietnamese so I supposed that you are Vietnamese. Nice to meet you."
"Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain - Investigation highlights failings of "
"What makes a city livable? It's a difficult question, but Vietnamese city planning has some answers. "
" 70  can speak Vietnamese and English, and you? "
"States with more Vietnamese refugees exported more to Vietnam after the trade embargo was lifted.  "
"#live #news 31/03/2019: Tin t bu s  m v   xem: "
"Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain - Investigation highlights failings of "
"i tried vietnamese coffee yesterday and can i just say it was like losing my virginity all over again"
"Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain - Investigation highlights failings of "
" : What missing here? YOU!  in for hands down the best Banh Mi in the city! We loving the loaded fresh Vietnamese h"
"Ly Tong, the  James Bond and anti-communist folk hero, nears death  "
"Ly Tong, the  James Bond and anti-communist folk hero, nears death  "
"Currently watching Finding Dory (or T Dory) in a Bar in Vietnam and getting randomly emotional in spite of the fi "
"   .What are you saying? I don't understand.I'm not Vietnamese"
"Want to spend a few hours with me, over a meal prepared by Top Chef David Phu, with proceeds supporting the Diaspor "
"  it's in Vietnamese for me"
"         Wh "
"Giveaway! Follow, Fav + Retweet to win a crucial mutt-whittling Vietnamese Dimmock Seedling - Glei Gl "
"Simply Pho: A Complete Course in Preparing Authentic Vietnamese Meals at Home. By Helen Le "
" Vietnamese Artist Confesstion  ?"
"i don question anything anymore, at 3am when i was trying to sleep on the bus a man took my headphones out of my "
" sksksk mine is in Vietnamese so idk how to explain "
"yes i am a vietnamese war lord. u wonder why these rappers scared of me? "
"#Egypt's state grains buyer, #GASC, received five offers on Saturday for #Indian, #Chinese and  #Vietnamese #rice i "
"Nagoya company head chooses Vietnamese employee as successor amid generational crunch://t.co/g6z0x1at56"
" : An environmental activist was kidnaped by the Vietnamese police  in #Hanoi this morning just because of speaking up for #envi"
"Quang Ninh Province.  Number One ranked of Vietnamese provinces according PCI survey in 2018. "
"Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain - Investigation highlights failings of "
"The amount of people who think I Vietnamese, Indonesian, or Malaysian Issa joke now bruv "
"Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain - Investigation highlights failings of "
"Menu of the day: Vietnamese spice passionfruit xoi with durian salt and pepper $19 local kale "
"Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain - Investigation highlights failings of "
" I dream about Vietnamese iced coffee!"
"Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain - Investigation highlights failings of "
"  Do you mean ? Pho is a Vietnamese soup."
"What missing here? YOU!  in for hands down the best Banh Mi in the city! We loving the loaded fresh Viet "
"List Film yang pernah dibintangi:. 2018 - Bookworm Beauty (M Nh Th S) - berperan sebagai  Qu (Viet "
" : Vietnamese Noodles #recipes "
"The council is working w/ hclc on transition funding specifically so it doesn close, and has redistributed fundin "
"What is Hot in the World: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain - Investigat "
"Extent of abused Vietnamese children trafficked to Europe &amp;#39;shocking&amp;#39; - InfoMigrants  "
" : L , PH TR L QUIZ  M C , SAI S B TR 3 . C L , fl page m m n tr l an to th,   c"
"   #2  "
" : [VOTING ] SHOW CHAMPION - G PH MANG C V CHO  L COMEBACK T  app:: "
" : R d n ARMY c l nh, c g s mang c v cho anh nh n    bi   quiz , t"
"Ly Tong, the  James Bond and anti-communist folk hero, nears death "
" : Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
"ALSO SANA MAY MAG UWI NG VIETNAMESE COFFEE FOR USSS HAHAHA CHS NOT CHS"
"This peaceful ecolodge tucked into a remote Vietnamese mountainside is the definition of paradise "
"they visit my country like yesterday and leave??? and a lot of Vietnamese??? Yesung's Vietnamese??? I mean why I am "
"A new Vietnamese cookbook offers fresh look at classic dishes  "
"     Yes, obviously that is a skill set shared by "
"#shogi #JapaneseChess [VietnamPlus]Shogi (Japanese chess), and Kendama (literally  a "
"Mukha nanaman akong magsasakang vietnamese"
"         "
" With the fall of Saigon around the corner, the United States Navy formed Task Force 76 off the coast of S "
" At that time thousands and thousands of Vietnamese joined the Americans left in Vietnam to be evacuated in "
" : Vietnamese Noodles #recipes "
" For the Vietnamese-Americans and their descendants, April 30, 1975 marks the day when their lives changed forever."
" And more than 90,000 refugees received medical care provided by Army Nurses at emergency medical stations o "
" The most notable of all was Operation New Life, which included the care and administration of Vietnamese "
"Thai/laotianchinese, Filipino, Korean, Japanese, Vietnamese, Russian."
"Just made cold beef noodle salad. Vietnamese inspired. Light and healthy!"
" The Lone Sailor statue serves as a reminder of the historic relationship generations of Vietnamese-Americ "
" After the fall of Saigon in April 1975, Guam became an oasis of refuge for tens of thousands of Vietnamese refugees."
" The initiative to dedicate a Lone Sailor statue in Guam emphasizes the special relationships between the "
"Mother's Day feast ..#vietnamesefood #vietnam #foodporn #food #foodie #pho #instafood #vietnamese #delicious "
"Vietnamese food is undefeated."
"Interestingly, I found out that  of way doesn actually translate into Vietnamese "
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
"'Zeker zestig Vietnamese kinderen zijn uit Nederlandse opvang verdwenen' "
" Based on my observation Vietnamese girls are quite soft spoken as compared to our girls here(myself inc "
"     Tell that to Afghanistan and Iraq. Or even the Vietnamese."
"Not even a coffee drinker but Vietnamese coffee is so lovely omg"
" CYCLO "
"    "
" : Is it the famous #torii in #Japan ? No, It's in #Vietnam.#linhquyphapantemple #lamdong #Vietnamese #Inspire_Vietnam"
" Vietnamese  treat yourself "
"     Lol...tell that to the South Vietnamese, Iraqis and Afghani's."
"   / vietnamese cuisine &amp; caf  10/10 - "
"   Based on what I read the guys who go for these Vietnamese women can't connect to "
"Cre:Yuzuru Hanyu Vietnamese Fanpage"
" : South Korea's Vietnamese Comfort Women repost: #comfortwomen #glendale #palisadespark #Fairfax #VA #Vir"
"chinese "
""
"How To Cook Canh Chua G - Vietnamese Hot and Sour Soup "
"A look at Phu Dong FC, a Vietnamese football club doing things slightly differently.  "
" : Tejshree Thapa was among the first human rights researchers to document the #Myanmar military campaign of #ethnicclean"
"I eaten Vietnamese food shrimp  the Purge and the new Halloween. a boyfriend really makes a person try new shit. "
" it was the saddest thing I've ever seen is Scotland joining the Vietnamese.  One of my nieces is Scotti "
" : [Episode] # 2018 MAMA in JAPAN ("
"  C nay vote quan tr l, c   nhanh  c"
" : M.n  ch  2 tu n l anh nh comeback r  n m s  c vote tr Show Champion  gi "
" :        I encountered one in the"
" you mean to be named by a Vietnamese hooker named Phungboner?"
"Bannon might've used chemical weapons, but not Vietnamese."
"Vietnamese Noodles #recipes "
"Saw this one in a Vietnamese resto and I want one. "
"I had a dream I met Joon at an airport and it was the most casual thing ever-he grabbed my luggage for me bc I 5 "
" No surely there are hordes of Japanese, Chinese &amp; Vietnamese gangs roaming the streets..."
" : Zuzana Caputova th n t th  ti c Slovakia "
" : Today VIETNAMESE delegation Today T-LIFE Class for new members Today leadership training for T-Life group leaders TODAY-"
"Today VIETNAMESE delegation Today T-LIFE Class for new members Today leadership training for T-Life group leaders T "
" : Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
""
" Of zo als de Vietnamese zeggen, rood fascisme."
"  Vietnamese girls are more submissive and are less outspoken"
" hello, sorry for bothering you. Your art is so cute and I was attracted at first sight &gt; &lt;Can I translate "
"if only there were plenty of good vietnamese shows/movies, i love listening to this language and i'd like to be fluent one day"
" : When my husband got to the front of the long line he asked why he got sent to a line typically reserved for non-US and t"
"Hey Bighit where is Danger Vietnamese version?? "
" :  Mimi Kh  at Georgetown: The Professor Is Ill, Anguish and Ableism in the Academy.[Vietnamese woman"
"Skip ordering takeout tonight and make an Asian-inspired recipe at home! Chinese-, Thai-, Vietnamese-, and Japanese "
"More images from the besieged Khe   Sahn base during #vietnam war know to the Vietnamese as the American war "
"       I encountered one i "
"   Laptop c v  b?"
"9 in 10 Chinese dude that walks into my shop beings together with them a Vietnamese wife. Most already had 1-2 kids "
"M c ng  d - Steamed tuna's eye in Vietnamese herbs #eye #eyes #matcangudaiduong #matcangu #m "
"The a Vietnamese hacking group, APT32, had last month launched a spearphishing campaign against multinational car c "
"Vietnamese/English Interpreter, Halifax "
"Vietnamese/English Interpreter, Calgary "
""
"Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain - Investigation highlights failings of "
"Wonderful day doing a Vietnamese cooking class yesterday. Always such lovely people who love to eat. I get so much "
"One Moment In Time - Dana Winner (live) - English-Vietnamese lyrics "
" Less smutty, but mindblowingly good, I recommend  #InTheVanishersPalace, which is a re "
"Easily translate text, words and sentences from Vietnamese to Chinese and from Chinese to Vietnamese language."
"Trying something new :)://t.co/4j0Ms0H8Ng "
"       #             "
"Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain - Investigation highlights failings of "
" : An electrifying portrait of the righteous anger of black anti-war protesters and veterans, director David L. Weiss capt"
" : #MostRead this week: Vietnamese blogger #TruongDuyNhat, who disappeared in Thailand, imprisoned in #Vietnam "
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain  "
" A moving tribute to the self immolation of Vietnamese Buddhist Monks."
"National Assembly (NA) ChairWoman  and a high-ranking delegation of the Vietnamese NA arrived in Paris... "
" Here is a dumb question, what does decolonization mean? And I am a Vietnamese-Canadian. Best."
"Trying some new Vietnamese dishes at C Th Qu #footscray"
"Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain - Investigation highlights failings of "
"Ly Tong, the  James Bond and anti-communist folk hero, nears death #california "
"Ly Tong, the  James Bond and anti-communist folk hero, nears death: They called him the Vietnamese Jame "
"Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain - Investigation highlights failings of "
"Vietnam wins gold medal at Ju-Jitsu Thailand Open: The Vietnamese martial artists at the "
"        Ch "
"Important investigative work published today from   #IJ4EU://t.co/MJiZJhHFL5"
"VinaTuna becomes IPNLF's first Vietnamese Member - Welcome! #Vietnam #fishery "
"I reckon Freddie will have picked up a few tips in prison and will now set up a full hydroponics system in Loxley H "
" : Two new provinces in Vietnam  have reported #ASF outbreaks: Quang Tri (in the middle) and Vinh Phuc (in the north). In bot"
" No, it wasn auto-correct. It was the Vietnamese auto-correct in my mind."
"#GoodMorningVietnam! 1st lunch of our #Vietnamese tour. Where better to start than #HoiAn and a few snacks in the C "
"#MostRead this week: Vietnamese blogger #TruongDuyNhat, who disappeared in Thailand, imprisoned in #Vietnam "
"Zo'n 1.000 kinderen zijn verdwenen uit de beschermde opvang. Zij zijn kwetsbaar en mogelijk slachtoffer van mensenh "
" : Richard Springman (U.S. Army captured 25 May 1970) talks with a North Vietnamese Army officer who is looking at his pe"
"Ly Tong, the  James Bond and anti-communist folk hero, nears death "
"Nagoya firm head chooses Vietnamese employee as successor amid generational crunch - "
"Once, after a visit to the Irish Museum of Modern Art, I waddled like a penguin in Kinnegad with an unbalanced Vietnamese surveyor."
"  I saw your story, actualy when I saw theirs group name in the first time, a funny word in Vietnamese a "
" Hoe is het mogelijk dat hier Vietnamese kinderen in een asielprocedure komen. bij voorbaat kansloos "
"Ly Tong, the  James Bond and anti-communist folk hero, nears death "
"6 year old son: So we've lived in China and Vietnam : That's right buddy: So that means I like half Americ "
" I can speak or write Japanese. But I hope you see my comment. All I want to say is I HOPE YOU CAN PUBL "
" Google Translate: Vietnamese --&gt; English: My name is not long but it is long "
" : We need to make the UK a hostile environment for traffickers as Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be t"
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
"Customer Service  Native "
" : In totaal verdwenen ongeveer 1000 kinderen die als alleenstaande vreemdeling in Nederland zijn aangemeld. De NL overhe"
" I like yu-gi-oh and this book become popular in my vietnamese national! I love manga of Kazuki Taka "
"Waiting for the time when I visit Vietnam with a lot of Vietnamese Dong and meet a person named Ding."
"The two vietnamese bachelorettes who left the show are still together and it's cute af "
"New life lesson - do not add sriracha before trying Vietnamese food "
"ONE Feature | Martin Nguyen Vietnamese "
"I bought my driver during today's election observation mission in Ukraine to a Vietnamese restaurant and bought him "
" 12:50 dollars thats an entire paycheck of an average vietnamese i think"
"i been sitting in a vietnamese tattoo shop for an hour and i said like 3 words and my appointment was approxi "
" : PIB Cup #  #  #  #RWC2019 "
"   I'm old enough to recall the Vietnamese boat people, and met some: good "
"Ng Vi Nam t th h ph t m n? "
" : Ravenclaw x Slytherin  ver.   "
"In recent years dozens of Vietnamese children have (been) disappeared from refugee shelters in NLD, very probably d "
"  Thanks. The anti-immigration narrative never changes, just the target culture.  ww2 - Conti "
"Vietnamese Yum! #bunbohue #saigonpho #saigonphomaginhawa  Saigon Pho Ph "
"On #MothersDay, an inspiring story of Vietnamese &amp; foreign cyclists undertaking an epic 2000km journey from Hanoi t "
"Happening right now, a filthy, Vietnamese Chow chow barked at Abraham Lincoln! Gee wiz!"
"oof i can see ur vietnamese is pretty good. can u chat in vietnamese?  I can read basic viet but i can't write  "
" I not even Vietnamese lmfao, only person I ever saw in Korea wearing that hat was obviously a foreign l "
"  Heeft wat weg van Vietnamese koffie"
" : Five Vietnamese fishermen nabbed in Sabah waters, fish worth RM700k seized "
"ive always been slightly annoyed by how weakly spicy the w/endys spicy asiago chicken sandwich is, even though i "
" Yes Do you speak English ? Or Vietnamese ?"
"Fried sweet potato cake: A delightful popular Vietnamese dessert to indulge in: Sweet "
" : In het waanzinnig gave land van   verdwijnen 1.000 kinderen.  het waanzinnig gave land van "
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
"       "
"Oh Vietnamese people are so nice!! Do you also live in Vietnam?  thank you!! viets are really friendly ppl even th "
"Coa kan niet eens beschermen.. Kamer wil onderzoek verdwenen Vietnamese jongeren  "
"In het waanzinnig gave land van   verdwijnen 1.000 kinderen.  het waanzinnig gave land va "
""
"I really dislike it when people either don't realise/ forget the fact that artemis is vietnamese. she's a strong vi "
" :    Hey, I white.  I had a Vietnamese girlfriend. mom hated me I white. I"
" boeddhistische monniken moeten stoppen met oproepen geesten en slecht karma te "
"What your nationality?  vietnamese :&gt; "
" : Saut beef with onion sprouts and bean sprouts for Lao pun (lettuce wraps). Eat a lot of veggies here! We have lettu"
" Lmao I saw your tweet being translated into vietnamese and updated by fanbases"
" : Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
"nh noun meaning ring in Vietnamese #Vietnamese #ring"
" is featured in  for their huge contribution to Vietnamese disadvantaged children "
" : ##Xsports_apologize_to_BTS#TrustInBTSARMY  mu m ph  m  gif: Jitamin- bts jimin's vietnam"
" : A storm created and embellished by Geoengineering the weather.  HAARP was the prototype of all weather weapons. Created in"
" Like when the Vietnamese girls in the nail bar talk and laugh and laugh and take a side eye at my feet. Hmmmmm"
"This one vietnamese told me today that I'm the first foreigner he's been working with."
" surprise Mother Day treat for my wife at your cookery school; Vietnamese street food! She is blown away! "
" Something on those lines and for the Vietnamese Zing coffee, it is a must try "
"Zuzana Caputova th n t th  ti c Slovakia "
" Is Coinbase registration available for vietnamese?"
" Vietnamese takeaway"
"   I've been seeing articles in Vietnamese,Malaysian, Indonesian,Chinese, Lat "
"I can find vegetarian options on almost any menu except for Vietnamese but you can still get summer rolls "
"i have this vietnamese friend whos always giving updates of what she doing. ang cute lang parang girlfriend hahahaha"
"Incense is drying. Vietnamese women wear a cone hat.://t.co/hRQOmxfbAg"
"showed my vietnamese friends my wallpaper and said it was of my boyfriend and they believed me so at least in someo "
"He becomes the first Vietnamese player cautioned in the #KLeague.#SSBvINC"
" : Zestig minderjarige Vietnamese asielzoekers zijn onder dubieuze omstandigheden verdwenen uit beschermde centra voor asielzo"
"Fried sweet potato cake: A delightful popular Vietnamese dessert to indulge in "
" : Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
"://t.co/4VE3IvUzHW "
"I've been looking for the korean version of this song everywhere ha (I only know the vietnamese version), sa True B "
" vietnamese english and basic spanish"
"Another AWP in the books. This was a particularly Asian one. I basically had every meal with a majority of Asians. "
" why did she not just force someone to call me vietnamese and give me her kid?"
" she wanted you to hold her child?  the girl isn't racist at all and most Cherokee indians are.  usually "
"   And it was the Vietnamese People's Army that liberated Cambodia from the Kh "
"   When I lived in San Francisco, my doctor was Chinese, my dentist was Japanese &amp; my "
"#shogi #JapaneseChess [Vietnamnet]Shogi (Japanese chess), and Kendama (literally  an "
"Crispy tofu with  avocado Vietnamese vermicelli  salad and peanut sauce  im living"
"When the traditional stories turns into poems spoken by language of images and music ... - The Scent Of Green Pap "
"In de afgelopen vijf jaar verdwenen zestig Vietnamese kinderen uit de beschermde opvang in NL. Niemand weet waar ze "
"I... am craving Vietnamese food"
"game time with ma mandarin,singaporean,korean,vietnamese supervisors and niggas from philippines  that ou "
" DROP Hanoi 75 debut weekend with their Vietnamese inspired banh mi and street food bites!  out "
" Are you Vietnamese?"
" : Take a look at the exquisite Vietnamese artworks on offer in our #HongKong sales, including an exceptional compendium of Viet"
" : luisterde vanmiddag onder het poetsen naar  over de Vietnamese slavenhandel. Het kan niet vaak genoeg gezegd"
" i would too bro lol. Chinese, Japanese, Vietnamese and Thai foods are my favorite lol"
" have 1 philosophy question: interesting, members #SUPERJUNIOR liked this masterworks of high Vietnamese musical "
"#Learnlight is hiring #virtual language teachers for the following languages: #German #French #Swedish #Malay "
"A very chilled Mothering Sunday breakfast in Mui Ne with  #Vietnamese vibes "
"B c Ukraine: Di vi h Volodymyr l  vi h  "
""
" My id account 452924938563 account created for 7 8 years ago. My account verified. A few days ago I "
" : Free stock footage from  #filmmaking #stock #footage #free"
" hi Try Hard Ninja. I intend to cover Vietnamese songs of your White Heart song (I will sing the lyric "
" I see. One of your parent must be Turkish. My Father is Chinese and my mother is VietNamese."
" : [VTRANS/FANFIC] NAKED LONDON 1 is out. Come to read it~~    for letting u"
" can i translate it to vietnamese? pls, i will leave full source &lt;3"
"        "
"  Vietnamese mensenhandel in , Nigeriaanse mensenhandel in . Iets zegt me dat dit no "
" what all the world did were gathered around my mom in hopes she was Japanese and not Vietnamese."
"On Rare:  The Chinese and Vietnamese are two-faced and behave with impunity toward destroying the environment and w "
"  Thankfully my immigrant parents, Vietnamese father and Chinese mother never instilled upon me to "
" : THE VIETNAMESE BACHELORETTES FROM YEARS AGO OMG I DEADASS THOUGT THIS WAS ALL STAGED BUT..............lesbian rights https://"
"Maybe bc i'm vietnamese but many time y'all inter-multifan are weird af "
" I have no idea why it would do something like that, more or less I have an opinion about Vietnamese wom "
" : Een kind kan moeilijk opstaan tegen de Vietnamese maffia, maar samenwerkende overheden moeten dat wel kunnen. Onderzoek nodig"
" : Vietgone writer Qui Nguyen continues a trilogy about his Vietnamese parents setting down roots in America. This new producti"
"We always find vietnamese food so refreshing and guilt-free! "
"Solid talaga ng katropa kong vietnamese"
" Anyway have you both watched the Vietnamese adaptation of DOTS? "
"My friend made it. So yummey vietnamese spring rolls "
"lols Over The Top vietnamese edition "
"c g To ch th "
"eating Vietnamese food at EAT VIET "
"Vice Vietnamese MP hails J Trust's interest in restructuring CBBank - The Courier of Vietnam://t.co/BKSB0UTwQC"
"Zestig minderjarige Vietnamese asielzoekers zijn onder dubieuze omstandigheden verdwenen uit beschermde centra voor "
""
" Tsundere Chaeyeon will make her Vietnamese spring rolls at 5 am though."
"I want playable Grimnir. I live in Washington i am not japanese. I am just Vietnamese please help I want to make him core IM 19"
" : Imagine having a 55* year old Vietnamese lady begging you to feed her dt Windsor, so unlucky for me"
"I'd implore any white college sorority girl who uses the term Sunday Funday to come on over to my hood in Saigon "
"  Hello! My name is Julia and I am a Vietnamese/Laotian American! My portfolio is available "
" de Vietnamese kinderen terechtkomen, is niet bekend. Mogelijk worden ze aan het werk gezet en verdwijnen ze i "
"7-year-old boy with cancer needs mixed-race bone marrow match to save his life. Ryan best chance? Someone who is ha "
" : Kwetsbare #asielkinderen moeten we kunnen beschermen tegen kwaadwillenden. Daarom zegt #PvdD, samen met meerderheid Tweede"
"Imagine having a 55* year old Vietnamese lady begging you to feed her dt Windsor, so unlucky for me"
"'Zeker zestig Vietnamese kinderen zijn uit Nederlandse opvang verdwenen' | NU - Het laatste nieuws het eerst op "
" Kennelijk toch iets aan de hand met de Vietnamezen in NL. Onderzoek nodig binnen de Vietnamese gemeenschap."
" : Hi #VisibleWomen 'm Han, Chinese-Vietnamese artist based in Belgium  love drawing fanart and colourful illustrations wit"
"lunch time..kite cuba vietnamese food tengahari ni ek... #lunch #foodie #ciklilyeats "
"German   once in my life did someone guess right  "
"Lets go #Vietnamese for #lunch with #coconut ade  "
"Where did the Fortune Cookie come from? - when I first went to a Vietnamese restaurant in Montreal,... "
"Vietnamese digital gifting startup nabs seed funding to expand into SEA "
"SUNDOWNERS  weekend not over yet...#gin #tonic #g&amp;t #sunday #afternoon #drinks #dinner "
"A storm created and embellished by Geoengineering the weather.  HAARP was the prototype of all weather weapons. Cre "
"Finally finished Tourist, but I feel like there more to the story. Also I craving Vietnamese sandwiches now. &gt;_&lt; "
" : Vietnamese speaking translator needed. need some help - does anyone speak fluent Vietnamese ?  may need someone"
"when you realize zora's shirt in us says rabbit in vietnamese!!!"
" t, t , chu  v ng "
"back when I made my first Malaysian , Japanese , and Vietnamese  friends great times at "
"Didn know the Vietnamese were  supremacist "
"   N b stream b  th xem h, k tua, m to m h,  l tr "
"I going to Vietnam for some #metime in two weeks but I have been too busy to plan anything other than broadly eat "
" : Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
"Vi Nam win U19 International title: Vietnamese players celebrate their U19 tournament "
"The amazing third year UniSA nursing and midwifery students fundraising for Vietnamese women and babies "
" Marry me'm Vietnamese  I BTS so much.s: Sorry because I don't know Korean, so I m "
"1 DAY TO GO! (GM) Wang Hao unfortunately will be unable to join. The field, however, remains as strong "
"This is the English version and Vietnamese version of the video://t.co/JHzTxMayhZ"
" I afraid not TT__TT I read the Vietnamese translation "
" : Five Vietnamese fishermen nabbed in Sabah waters, fish worth RM700k seized://t.co/2SsOv6Xw6G "
" "
"N hoa FLOWERBOMB  1OOml  268Ok#vietnam #saigon #vietnamese #saigonese #hanoi #danang #vscovietnam "
" : This week in Hanoi:Our local colleague Nguyen Quynh Giang, presented at the -German Water Forum  our latest devel"
"Design me a business name card  Design me a business name card Vietnamese preferred (Budget: $10  $30 USD, Jobs: B "
" proud Vietnamese Army "
"   Nh mk l kh  nh  c "
"  "
" : B C  STREAM -#FAKELOVEto500M :"
" : The best #BTSARMY reactions to the #Map_of_the_Soul_Persona trailer: "
" :  Yes, just claim that you're a victim of social-political oppression. Hell, Warren told people she was an Indian"
" : [ UPDATE ] kho bts.bighitofficial v bts_twt ch th c  c nh 1 s h  m v 5TH MUSTER [ M"
" :  D D CHO APP Android k  v l theo nh ! xem ti h d d cmt  c th m c "
"   Ph tr c h d  c "
" : C th m c cmt nh ! s b  vote v ng mai ( 1/4 - 19/4 ) for  ! "
" : Spanish, Tagalog, French, Vietnamese, Welsh "
"Five Vietnamese fishermen nabbed in Sabah waters, fish worth RM700k seized "
" : I adding  (Chinese- Vietnamese) one of my favorites place to eat in #OklahomaCity "
" Auckland - Lol Tasty cheese from the fridge? Buoy for bacon &amp; eggs, Ebisu for dinner  Francisco - M "
"Public announcement you invited to a Vietnamese wedding. DO NOT I repeat DO NOT eat for a full day before t "
" Yes, issa Vietnamese food. You should try it. Also, you got it correct about the movie. I suggest you "
"    No way, most Germans are apolitical. You think white guilt is bad you s "
" Hes me when I am trying to describe human anatomy with Vietnamese Bio knowledge"
" hello Rain. I intend to cover Vietnamese language on your video (let the Vietnamese see) do you allow "
"I had B m which is a vietnamese sandwich for lunch. It was very nice.# #"
" Gary and Karen Fakphace from Pasadena. Gary runs a MLM business selling bogus  cleansing pro "
" Ye kot? I minum kopi Vietnamese"
"  It has always been like that... moons ago I kept being told about the problem black "
" Now where can I get me some Vietnamese coffee (in NZ, as obviously they have it in Vietnam )?"
" : #vietnamese #food #market "
" Authentic Vietnamese cream puffs :)"
" Now I need to find a  Vietnamese coffee to try and see what I think! "
" :         "
" For me.. Chinese, Japanese, Vietnamese &amp; Spanish (because of my name)"
"I can speak Vietnamese and use facebook "
" Ha ha. I probably ch and you be b I reckon. Pronouns are super confusing (but important) in Vietnamese"
" : Russian acting (Stanislavsky): I will tell you a story about me. acting (Brecht): I will tell you a story about t"
" It great in an iced Vietnamese coffee. I have also used it in regular coffee but only from the c "
" Vietnamese coffee uses it."
"Vietnamese coffee. "
"Link: "
"I can add Vietnamese to list of ethnicities I get asked If I am "
"THE VIETNAMESE BACHELORETTES FROM YEARS AGO OMG I DEADASS THOUGT THIS WAS ALL STAGED BUT..............lesbian rights "
"Fighting intensifies with North Vietnamese offensive "
"  of where it comes from it Aussie - surely you realise how ludicrous that statement is.  "
"Starting 1st April, Vietnamese coffee will be available at . Available hot or iced for dine-in or tak "
" I had a friend in grad school called Viet who was Vietnamese and his dad just loved his home country "
"The Vietnamese style salad is a healthy, quick salad with a great crunch and filled with refreshing flavors.... "
"Five Vietnamese fishermen nabbed in Sabah waters, fish worth RM700k seized://t.co/2SsOv6Xw6G "
"  UN,  you know how the people in Vietnam are living.  Lesser people are hungry or lacking medicin "
"Cal Garcia Vietnamese"
"Saut beef with onion sprouts and bean sprouts for Lao pun (lettuce wraps). Eat a lot of veggies here! We have le "
" ever had the Vietnamese 3 colours dessert? "
" : Did you know, Vietnam has a whole ass museum dedicated to Vietnamese women? It's called the Vietnamese Women's museum and it's"
"Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
"Wow ! Vietnamese song . Dung Pham. Dau Pham. M Duy Nguy. This is how to learn English . Ha ha "
" But if you not on that Vietnamese food tho, gotta try som Bahn Mi, Pho and any of their chicken and rice d "
" : #Great to meet with  underneath the  today! So much more to come from these guys make sure you"
" Been happening since ://t.co/pr2PDfVlmQ"
"If you believe Jesus was black, gay, jewish, or a lesbian, can you just go believe that with your fellow gay black "
" I love kathal. I once had a Vietnamese sandwich  which was made like pulled pork one but they replaced "
" : # #HYOMIN Trying Vietnamese food ~ yum yum Hanoi 190325 HAPPY LUNCH  "
"How to Celebrate April Fools Day in Vietnamese "
"After a lot of Vietnamese screaming and tears...I guess I just own a house northside now so uhhh who wants to rent a room"
"ive literally never seen a vietnamese character in a series in my life?!IM CRYING IM REALLY HAPPY WOW?! i love her "
"my vietnamese is getting better. I now know how to say hi, thank you, count to 10, call a waiter, ask for a bill, s "
"Just came out of #UsMovie and my friend pointed out the daughter's jumper said 'rabbit' in vietnamese the whole time."
" Vietnamese (mother tongue), English and German"
" : If y aren busy, please check out this poll and vote Singh Vietnamese  for best upcoming restaurant!://t.co/TI"
"Explore Hanoi and taste delicious Vietnamese cuisine! "
" If you know how to play their vietnamese game"
" : the vietnamese do coffee better than us. the shit is strong"
"I'm in that weird minority of people who've never acquired the taste for coffee... but after today, tasting a super "
"        Nh h Nam Ph - Vietnamese Restaurant "
"Finally watching the Houston episode of  ...David Chang really is quite the douchebag. The Vietnamese "
" Know these pranks in Vietnamese so you'll not be fooled on April Fool's Day! #AprilFoolsDay #VietnamesePod101"
"   "
" : During ment, Ryeowook speaks fully in Vietnamese..he always work hard to speak foreign languages..i  "
"Think i fallen in love with a Vietnamese air hostess"
" stylish-homes: Stunning Vietnamese villa view "
"Fighting intensifies with North Vietnamese offensive "
"matched with a vietnamese girl. first thing we talked about was pho. second thing was boba. should i ask her what h "
" I am Vietnamese gay ! Nice to meet you"
"Hope Muthambu is reading her story of seeing so much diversity in Australia - having black friends, Vietnamese frie "
"      The North Vietnamese were bac "
"My dad served in the Vietnamese and Korean war! God bless Our military! "
"vietnamese   "
"  I not Vietnamese and my mom told me this anyways "
"seeing the vietnamese writing on Zora shirt in #UsMovie "
"apparently when my mom was pregnant with my older brother, she lived down the street from a vietnamese bakery so on "
" : Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain #ChildT"
"I fear in a decade that my family, who will be half Vietnamese and half Mexican, will continually have animosity to "
" Kh ph!  is used as  - never as a group chant.  used as an exclamation  gi , tr "
"  Ok, Welcome to CHI LE tv channel. You have joined my social media Twitter as a friend to sha "
"S1E18: Alex abandons a Vietnamese child to attend a Young Entrepreneur's Club meeting. #FamilyTies"
" : Bcnex is a cryptocurrency trading platform developed by a group of Vietnamese crypto enthusiasts. group is led by "
" : Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
"(Vietnamese available) m Mandarine r H N ta th ngh ngay  n phong tr ngh s v c c "
" when your dad comes in i give him two vietnamese coffees and ask for his blessing"
" let's go to the Blanton with santi! there's this really cool vietnamese exhibit i want to see"
"Zora sweatshirt said rabbit/bunny in Vietnamese and I think that pretty cool #Us"
"Found this  street in Saigon beside the Notredame church ... Amazing find for a nerd like me ... except... "
" pleasantly.... surprised can't read vietnamese for crud but apparently they both ended up leaving and "
"And Vietnamese "
"Don tell me I about to start using tinder oh my god who am I  this Vietnamese guy "
"Why are Vietnamese authorities so wary of Hmong Christianity? "
"Saigon Food Tour  Stop 2  Vietnamese Coffee "
"Yeeeeah Vietnamese coffee (but not iced cause I cold) "
"  We have 3 state reps that I know of that are Hmong. Ilhan is from MN. Not perfect but makin "
"Why are Vietnamese authorities so wary of Hmong Christianity? "
" I never said it is Vietnamese innovation. They produce it in Vietnam where employment is created for "
" : Why are Vietnamese authorities so wary of Hmong Christianity? "
" : For all my Vietnamese peeps!  "
"a Vietnamese accent on April 14, 1925"
"My heart was overwhelmed when Dieu (a young Vietnamese professional) approached me earlier after my talk and told m "
"  I get that feeling. And thank you for indulging my presumption of using Vietnamese "
"Why are Vietnamese authorities so wary of Hmong Christianity? "
"Lmao this is a such a generalization but Vietnamese ppl are just so coolll"
"I have all the ingredients so tomorrow morning before I sit down to take my mock Full Length MCAT I will make myself some Vietnamese Coffee"
"I love Vietnamese food!"
" Bless her heart! What a terrible tragedy for her family. I have a Vietnamese friend who's family were "
" /FL  Set  1 set/person : 6 -7 APR,2019 (~ out of stock )  : Rajamangala s "
" : American Marine comforts orphaned Vietnamese child, 1969. "
"Biodegradable straw made of baked wild grass, as conceptualized by this Vietnamese enterpreneur. are everywhe "
"Vietnamese food is that god send"
" I have to brush up on my Vietnamese today  (learn a few words) "
" Yeah, I caused some trouble to unrelated Vietnamese communities because of my words. They think I blame "
"clips free 3d animated sex videos lesbian ebony porn porn dvds download indain sex blog nude tibetan girls  hot vie "
"I made my very own Pho noodle soup and may I say... it was freakin Delicious didn know I can cook Vietnamese foo "
" :  I LOVE vietnamese coffee. But its way too rich for me"
" I LOVE vietnamese coffee. But its way too rich for me"
"Vietnamese students have invented an air cleaning bicycle! It can absorb most pollutants in the air! "
"There's a saying in Vietnamese that goes the more you wait, the longer your neck so don't tell me my fear is not "
" Cook it vietnamese style with lots of garlic and it pretty delicious. "
"Malaysian  (true story) "
"My bff going vietnam w me sister she's Vietnamese Nguyen I wouldn't have it no other planning a trip soon  find w "
"Nagoya firm head chooses Vietnamese employee as successor amid generational crunch://t.co/g6z0x0SRGw"
"As my favorite NYC rapper once said,  me all the chicken heads from Pasadena to Medina dinner:  "
"Vietnamese coffee "
" I do vibe this in a way that I appreciate Japanese and Korean mannerisms over most Vietnamese and Chinese ways!"
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
"would rather listen to 5 Vietnamese people slap boxing in an elevator than put on that new American football record "
" There a good Vietnamese and sushi restaurant in the same parking lot, too!"
"     When Pol Pot became General Secretary, the Party cha "
" : Trailer for  Me Home - a short #documentary about an expat Australian man who suffered a #stroke while teaching"
"     Pol Pot was backed by Vietnamese anticommunists (fas "
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
" There is a Vietnamese restaurant near the McDs by work. I can get a killer Bahn Mi for $10. thing, "
"A look at a Vietnamese market. Shocking content. Viewer discretion advise.://t.co/4kCWg1LHl"
" : The flag comes down at the U.S. Army base at Long Binh, 12 miles Northeast of Saigon, as the base is turned over to th"
" : Last Chance! Follow me + Retweet to win Pixie Lott's nunny-spanking Vietnamese Minge Charm #FreebieFriday "
"   Better than a guy that was a supervisor a place I used to work who was Vietnam "
"Bruh I hate when the trees start speaking Vietnamese"
"Last Chance! Follow me + Retweet to win Pixie Lott's nunny-spanking Vietnamese Minge Charm #FreebieFriday "
"my stepmom called lex over to show her this transgender vietnamese woman in this video and she kept pointing out ho "
"Renegade Ramon - 30min Faux PHO Vietnamese Soup "
"Out either. (Also some of them are, one of them is half Vietnamese half Black, and he says the Hard R as a joke? Bu "
"I just stuffed my face with Vietnamese food and I don't feel bad about it."
"The Apartment SeungRi Received From Vietnamese Businessman Is A Modern Day "
"  Love it as a Vietnamese European &amp; Polynesian Indigenous Pacific Islander author comic book "
"  Me too. I crave Thai and Chinese food. And Vietnamese. Love it all"
" : Vietnamese Earpers, your country is beautiful! Last stop Saigon  #FightForWynonna #EarpTheWorld  "
"Mhmm as a Vietnamese European &amp; Polynesian Indigenous Pacific Islander author comic book writer &amp; screenwriter whos "
"  Oh do they do those Vietnamese rolls there? I am sold"
"potaaa sabi tulungan daw, pero yung vietnamese mong kafloor tangina nangiiwan!!!!! POTA KA LAM MONG BAGO PALANG AKO "
" Actually I'm a bit of an amateur language student and oi comes from the Vietnamese language we stole it "
" : The trade relationship between U.S and China is not going back even after a deal. Many manufacturers are leaving and the "
"#Vietnamese #Vietnam #Sea #Free #23 "
"    My point is that you just don disrespect a veteran lik "
" Vietnamese coffee will have you running laps for no reason "
" One question... am I looking for Chinese, Japanese, Vietnamese, or??? As much as I ready... I c "
"#vietnamese #poethanoi "
"The other week one of my students said I should come and teach in Thailand.  The people I teach in Thailand are ver "
" It's a Vietnamese soup called Ph"
"      How did those wily Vietnamese eve "
"I need to go to Fullerton cause they have a whole ass cultural night with Vietnamese dances but all there is in SFS "
"it is sung in 9 different languages (Thai, Malay, Burmese, Laotian, Filipino, Vietnamese, Chinese, Khmer, Indonesi "
" Sothebys: Take a look at the exquisite Vietnamese artworks on offer in our #HongKong sales, including an excepti "
"  Not the case for Chinese, to be sure. Pinyin (the standard romanization of the PRC) was d "
" Ah, that is Vietnamese not Western. And yeah, they like to post stuff without permission or giving link "
" Just got a pork Vietnamese roll at the one down the other end. "
"You're lucky you're not vietnamese or you'd be in big trouble mister "
"  Yes- fascinating taking a look at waves of immigration- from the Vietnamese to Muslims now "
" : Why are Vietnamese authorities so wary of Hmong Christianity? "
"one time my coworker tried to tell me how to pronounce pho... IM VIETNAMESE how YOU gon tell ME"
" I work with a Vietnamese guy. He was in north Vietnam during the war( May have been in the north army) and he tells me about it."
"Did you know our #GameSense brochures are translated in Tagalog, French,, Chinese, Vietnamese and Korean? "
"Japan hates social justice Osamu Astro Boy saves the Vietnamese Commies from the evil Americans Tezuka "
"   17 - :25  : "
"17 - :25 : "
"Chinese, Vietnamese, Taiwanese, Korean, and Japanese. No one ever guesses Filipino smh "
"Yooo in Vietnamese means cheers so I fucking yooooin"
" : Taegi Week  (VIETNAMESE VER) translation by  proofreading by  "
"at blanton rn and the film exhibit is a vietnamese film about our funeral traditions and in so EMOTIONAL i never "
" : The decades-long  War (1947-1989) between the United States and the Soviet Union was so named because the two globa"
"U23 Vi Nam h  Th Lan 4-0, s d U23 ch  "
" /70 bc i can kinda speak vietnamese"
"Take a look at the exquisite Vietnamese artworks on offer in our #HongKong sales, including an exceptional compendi "
"  McCain is a war criminal and fascist who is right now burning in hell. What Marxist supports "
"My mom and I like to bond over Vietnamese cuisine"
"Kopi best, Vietnamese roll sedap, nasi lemak power. Singgah booth GPS depan KT1 jom.#BeProudBeaGMian "
"S  by Mai L Huy from #Vietnam. A very danceable example of old-school Vietnamese funk rock. The song use "
"Vietnamese twice this week from two different places. Went with the crispy egg noodle stir fry at Mekong and it was "
"ah, yes. "
"Vietnamese dispute McCain torture claim "
"A central Vietnamese port city made infamous by a war that ended more than 40 years ago is now stepping up to compe "
"The decades-long  War (1947-1989) between the United States and the Soviet Union was so named because the two "
" I dont Understand. I am Sure There are a couple, at least 2 Vietnamese People living in Turkey. Where i "
" : #SFPD Know Your Rights Brochures for Youth are available in English, Russian, Spanish, Chinese, Tagalog and Vietnamese. These bro"
"fav cuisine  dude vietnamese food gets me g o i n g first of all like yea pho is amazing but have u had banh xeo o "
"Funny situations://t.co/GFeaPPPWcr#news #TodayInHistory #helloworld #Vietnamese "
" : 16 Wonderful Benefits Of Aloe Vera Juice#organicskincare #organic #organicfood #organicfarming #freshfood #deliciousfood #"
" If it's any comfort to you this shit is a proven fake. Get out there &amp; love like u never been hurt, dance "
"One of the best scrambled eggs I've ever had and the huge vietnamese beef noodle salad was also one of the best! "
"I THINK IM MORE PROFICIENT AT JAPANESE THAN VIETNAMESE AND THAT'S....THAT'S BAD"
" Thankfully the current Vietnamese government is more of a military dictatorship rather than a communist state."
" : Going to Vietnam for 2 months imma come back a beautiful tan Vietnamese goddess"
" Not just us desis. I seen Vietnamese, Indonesians, Singaporeans etc. all up in arms as well."
" Ini pho ngua. Sama sih, kwetiauw tipis2 juga tapi dari Laos. Ada beef brisket, tripe dan daging2 lain jug "
"Human trafficking at #Vietnamese nail salons and marijuana farms? Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters an "
"Richard Springman (U.S. Army captured 25 May 1970) talks with a North Vietnamese Army officer who is looking at his "
"this is it btw its basically warm vietnamese coffee in a can "
"Fresh rolls are my favorite appetizer when at a Vietnamese restaurant. Not only do t hey taste really good, they ar "
"Nguy Ti Minh reigns supreme in Waikato  #YONEXWKO19  Vietnamese first seed walked away with the win after "
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
"  haha true that. I went to a Vietnamese wedding once in a mango picking shed, the wedding "
" : Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
"Two supposed pastors accused of stealing $25M in ponzi scheme. #AAPI  "
" :  So by your logic do Chinese people in China have Chinese privilege? Do Japanese people in Japan? Do the Vietna"
"You know what would really add nuance to Umbrella Academy plotline of Klaus time travel? If Ben was Vietnamese"
"I would give my left lung for a life time supply of Anh Hong Vietnamese summer rolls... but I shouldn get carried away "
" No regrets man no regrets I'm just glad a Vietnamese place opened so close to work haha."
"Funny situations://t.co/GFeaPPPWcr#helloworld #Vietnamese #ThailandElection2019 #Japanese #SportsFest2019 #Newwiee"
"VIETNAMESE BALLS. "
"I'm at Mekong Vietnamese in Melbourne, VIC, VIC "
"  Aargh! Are you really THAT thick? It seems I momentarily overestimated you. I won make "
"    -In English, , for simplicity. It been that way for me since g "
" Vietnamese and english but I'm not good in Eng lol"
""
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
"I Dying For Some Vietnamese Food Or Chinese "
"#ootd #lookbook #ilovefashion #lightning #nicenight #stylebyme #longskirt #renbytee #black #grey #wanderlust "
"I feel like people forget Chris is Vietnamese because he just blends in "
"All things Vietnamese for breakfast, Vietnamese noodles and Iced Vietnamese Coffee ......#saigon #vietnam "
"   Millions of Vietnamese see your fathers service differently."
"   In English you tell your mother I love you and she says I love you, in V "
"(Guidance: Notice of rights and entitlements: Vietnamese (PACE Code H)) - "
" Full billionaire**In Vietnamese Dong"
"Coconut mango sticky rice. Tasted like the real thing! (Bottom scoop was Vietnamese coffee. #icecream #instafood "
" We believe the American soldiers are honored for sacrificial support in the Vietnam War with their s "
"Chao (Vietnamese fermented soy) cheese stuffed Beyond burger, pepper flakes with panko breading  #VeganSesh  "
" Thanks for writing this. I seen images of this company stall at Smorgasburg and found them disturb "
" I'm kidding. i'm only part Vietnamese."
"Playing pool with mojito, eating vietnamese and ended up having a cocktail at the Sangri La Hotel in Paris:)  w "
" : My friend had watched SS3 in VN and in her fancams. OMG. You could hear how loud Vietnamese ELFs screamed for SJ even if"
"Justin and I tried this Vietnamese restaurant near our apartment for the first time today and it was so bomb we "
"Sick children and sick mother call for Vietnamese soup.   #IHateChickenNoodle #PhoFoSho"
"Why are Vietnamese authorities so wary of Hmong Christianity? "
"I'm at Bao Vietnamese Kitchen in Baton Rouge, LA "
"Eating Vietnamese and having a disco party?"
"  Those people have Spanish and Chinese and Vietnamese at their ATMs! That's as bad as "
"The flag comes down at the U.S. Army base at Long Binh, 12 miles Northeast of Saigon, as the base is turned over to "
" We salute American soldiers who served to fight for freedom and democracy of Vietnamese. We honor their "
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
"when you order Vietnamese food and someone just delivers chips and queso and nothing else"
"Egypt's GASC gets offers for Indian, Chinese and Vietnamese rice in tender: traders "
" : Ever wanted to try chocolate that tastes like soy sauce, tobacco or Vietnamese pho? "
" : Last video for my #hairporn lovers  you currently shppping the sale this is Vietnamese double drawn  "
"Me drinking two Vietnamese coffees vs  reacting to a sip. "
"Vietnam's Economy Gains as Companies Flee China in Trade War: The U.S. trade war with Beijing continues to boost th "
"The owner made special #noodle soup today and I was lucky enough to try some. B ri with grilled crab/pork/shrim "
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
"  Vietnam war?  United States was a manipulator of the Vietnam war  have caused grea "
"I adding  (Chinese- Vietnamese) one of my favorites place to eat in #OklahomaCity "
"Going to Vietnam for 2 months imma come back a beautiful tan Vietnamese goddess"
" Bro, I watched games in English, Spanish, Arabic, French, Vietnamese and more that I don even know where they spoken."
"  Run s 100M r "
" : H nay CN tri th ch ch nh, 13 ng n th anh nh comeback r   2 tu n  #FAKEL"
" : [C NH 31.03 ]               STREAM+  : 485.1M+     ( 14.8M N ): 525.6M+: 680.3M+"
" : 190331 th H  tin album &lt;Map of the Soul: PERSONA&gt;   h 2.8M+ b pre-order. V  s s ph"
" ... Vietnamese dong?"
" : Explaining to some old Vietnamese soldiers that because of climate change socialism is now a matter of life and death. I tel"
"  no they don. a lot of thai and vietnamese places make em. or you can just go to a boba spot"
" : Today, a vietnamese meal to boost the day  ....................................................................."
"We're in St. Louis visiting  with our daughter and went out to  for dinner.  OH MY GOODNES "
"   Angel is Pure Vietnamese Boy"
" Vietnamese "
"Skip ordering takeout tonight and make an Asian-inspired recipe at home! Chinese-, Thai-, Vietnamese-, and Japanese "
" So by your logic do Chinese people in China have Chinese privilege? Do Japanese people in Japan? Do t "
" Our president has us focused on making this a better country - you will eat your words when a trade po "
"Have you been to the Seattle staple  yet? It has been in SLU for less than a year, so we forgive you "
" : Vietnamese fairy tales: Tale 150: Man and tiger. a tiger was striding around, it fell in a trap... "
" : Vietnamese fairy tales: Tale 151: Quan Tu. "
" : Vietnamese fairy tales: Tale 152: Hoang Tin Hau. "
" : Vietnamese fairy tales: Tale 153: Cuong Bao fight against gods. "
" : Vietnamese fairy tales: Tale 154: Wishing pearl. "
" : Vietnamese fairy tales: Tale 155: Bride of prince. "
" : Vietnamese fairy tales: Tale 156: Mr. Short and Mr. Long. "
" : Vietnamese fairy tales: Tale 157: Nhu Mai and Xuan Huong. "
" : Vietnamese fairy tales: Tale 158: Grasshopper lawsuit. "
" : Vietnamese fairy tales: Tale 159: Bee girl. "
" : Vietnamese fairy tales: Tale 160: The dead revive. "
" : Vietnamese fairy tales: Tale 161: Rebirth. "
" : Vietnamese fairy tales: Tale 162: Princess in sea. "
" : Vietnamese fairy tales: Tale 163: Thi Kinh Bodhisattva "
" : Vietnamese fairy tales: Tale 164: Bich Chau Nguyen Thi "
" : Vietnamese fairy tales: Tale 165: Love case. "
" : Vietnamese fairy tales: Tale 166: The story of whale. "
" : Vietnamese fairy tales: Tale 167: Tung, Truc, Mai. "
" : Vietnamese fairy tales: Tale 168: Rare friendship "
" : Vietnamese fairy tales: Tale 169: The love story of Chuc and Nguu. "
" : Vietnamese fairy tales: Tale 170: Friends. "
" : Vietnamese fairy tales: Tale 171: Marry with ghost. "
" : Vietnamese fairy tales: Tale 172: Wife of Truong. "
" : Vietnamese fairy tales: Tale 173: How people wear in funerals. "
" : Vietnamese fairy tales: Tale 174: The way to become a fairy. "
" : Vietnamese fairy tales: Tale 175: Dull boy. "
" : Vietnamese fairy tales: Tale 176: Idiot. "
" : Vietnamese fairy tales: Tale 177:  Plan to kill husband. "
" : Vietnamese fairy tales: Tale 178: Monk and shoemaker. "
" : Vietnamese fairy tales: Tale 179: Rock dog and two men. "
" : Vietnamese fairy tales: Tale 180: Blind intelligent groom. "
" : Vietnamese fairy tales: Tale 181: Make princess speak. "
" : Vietnamese fairy tales: Tale 182: Bu and Ngoc "
" : Vietnamese fairy tales: Tale 183: Reluctant doctor "
" :        "
" : Vietnamese fairy tales: Tale 185: Find mom chap 3. "
" : Vietnamese fairy tales: 1. Blue-flame lamp "
" : Vietnamese fairy tales: 2. Birth and death. "
" : Vietnamese fairy tales: 3. Devil in vase. "
" : Vietnamese fairy tales: 4. Three soldiers and devil in the world that based a country. The country had... https"
" used our Nonla, Vietnamese tranditional hat. THAT'S IS MY TEAM PROJECT FROM PAGE SUPER V-ELFs# "
" : Vietnamese fairy tales: 4. Three soldiers and devil. "
" : Vietnamese fairy tales: 6. Blue rose. "
" : Vietnamese fairy tales: Vietnamese fairy tales. "
" : Vietnamese fairy tales: 7. Golden sons. ://t.co/YEadg6OpgA"
" : Vietnamese fairy tales: Aladdin://t.co/C8bNq8DaH9 "
" : Vietnamese fairy tales: Aladdin chap 3_ end://t.co/CEnrFwUBld "
" : Vietnamese fairy tales: 15. Rose "
" : Vietnamese fairy tales: Godfather's the death.://t.co/ind9f7nx4d "
" : Vietnamese fairy tales roses sent to Rose on "
" : Vietnamese fairy tales: Truy 36. Cha m nu con bi h lai l, con n... "
"whenever my mom writes sthg in vietnamese in emails i have to mentally rifle thru my pitiful vocab and bad reading "
" Vietnamese "
"Vietnamese Mom |              ||              ||               |                 |                   | "
" // Nha Trang is such a confused place. Is it a beautiful Vietnamese coastal city or a Vietnamese version of Blac "
" :  The children of thousands of 1980 Vietnamese boat people went to college &amp; became professionals after t"
" oh shit, u kno vietnamese thats tuff"
" When the Vietnamese were brought here, they were kept at military bases. With all the bases not be "
"my vietnamese mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 | "
""
"We did it PHO da gram chateaulemongrass. the video review here: "
"Foreign influence laws: Australians of Chilean, Norwegian and Vietnamese heritage are not saying they feel their lo "
" Vietnamese?"
"I decided to learn Vietnamese, so I am able to communicate with my nail lady."
"today i noticed my grandma physical therapist helping her with her exercises and saying something to her but i co "
" I have not heard of a song as that exists, but I don't think that's a problem if it does. Music is unive "
"who else do you like besides black pink  kpop wise? i like red velvet, chungha, and ateez, but besides kpop i list "
"I checked in at Pho Ha Vietnamese Restaurant on #Yelp "
" im vietnamese"
" Greek, English, French, Korean, Chinese/Taiwanese, Japanese, Vietnamese"
" English, basic korean, and vietnamese! Still learning korean and possibly spanish :')"
" t, t , chu  v ng Ph Vi-03-30 - 3-29-2019://t.co/8uexIH6bQE "
" And at least 3.1 Million Vietnamese were killed."
"S bay Sapa - H ch s bay t Vi Nam l t ph Khang, RFA-03-29://t.co/0MpLrcoZRv "
" : We made a #banhmi inspired #lumpia and it delicious!!  #TheLumpiaCompany will be collaborating with Oakland ver"
" : 7. International media began reporting the case using AFP material. Please  with the hashtag #Ich_wurde_geHORNBACHt. I'm"
"C b d l m long m tr l  Dak Lak 03-30-2019://t.co/7viiEyNBEU "
"Nhi v m cho  vi b k lu T Th Cang 03-30-2019://t.co/l6ZEqVPgzZ "
"Did you ever come across this awesome novel  ? One of the main characters, Vietnamese-Irish Fran Mul "
"Drinking a No Rules Vietnamese Porter (2016) by  at   "
" vietnamese farmers w ww1 weapons and victory"
"since everyone is doing this :)))  pts - vietnamese pts - stan 10+ kpop groups pts - in love with music "
"'Overheid moet meer doen tegen verdwijnen asielkinderen' "
"vietnamese coffee has no business smacking this hard"
"Drinking a No Rules Vietnamese Porter (2016) by  at   "
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
"  Unless they were Vietnamese refugees: the effort to ban the Vietnamese refugees was Ca "
" This made me think of the fact that in Vietnamese the words for homeless people is literally dust of "
"Sad fact: in Vietnamese, homeless people are called dust of life and that makes me so goddamn sad.  "
"Today, a vietnamese meal to boost the day  ..................................................................... "
" Vietnamese crepe 've never tried it before very exciting "
" The children of thousands of 1980 Vietnamese boat people went to college &amp; became professionals afte "
" : It's never too late for #ArtistsofSEA , I'm Steve, a Vietnamese Canadian  using his last two brain cells to anima"
"Vietnamese Truffle Black Sesame Pork Shoulder "
"Chinese &amp; Vietnamese people so racist "
"90s era vietnamese moms are the most underrated trendsetters"
" I'm at a place now but now I cant decide whether to get a banh mi or a vietnamese crepe"
"        "
" yeah, these are really common first names for Vietnamese people. the combination wouldn't surprise m "
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
" : Reminder that I have raw vietnamese hair for sale. Dm me."
"I  Vietnamese"
"   Yep the English said the same thing about the Irish, the Italians, the Chinese "
"   Koreans and Vietnamese mainly vote Republican due to these nations being run by Co "
"        "
" Vietnamese/Japanese? Close on either?"
" "
"#VietnamWar: There were many more #VietCong the willing to. : Video-On-Demand "
" : This Vietnamese meatball soup is a delicious, fuss-free meal that is both nutritious and healing. It also very versati"
"Cambodian/Vietnamese people really can tell that I one of them  smh"
" Wonder if he does the same when he enters a chinese, japanese or vietnamese restaurant?"
"  Also, the Vietnamese never entered American soil. As the aggressor, the least you can do after such "
"  It 2019, time to respect all the families. Including the Vietnamese families. Pain is pain, it doe "
"at least 60 Vietnamese children have disappeared from these shelters. Dutch police and immigration officials suspe "
"we got 50 with the coolest being libras and the Vietnamese food, I half viet  "
"I could have a Vietnamese sub everyday and die happy"
" : Zeker 60 Vietnamese kinderen  onbekende bestemming verdwenen uit opvang  "
"Bookings have already been made on this years Vietnam Tour in September. Did you want to join us? Places for 2 more "
"I faster bc we playing home  not abroad john didn cheat my uncle mixed Vietnamese did bad mix for T "
"    En welke woordkeuze bedoel je precies? Ik ben verwonderd over "
"    more useful than your Vietnamese phrases"
" Nothing will top the one time I got a pedi and the lady used the foot grater and grinded it on my foot "
"#news 30/03/2019: Tin t   m v   xem: "
" doen tegen verdwijnen asielkinderen #MarkHarbers (Asiel) moet meer "
"how similar are we?? - introverted - more than one bias in bts - multilingual - impulsive "
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
" BEST:'s - Deep dish  THAI - Thai street food  PHO - Vietnamese pho, best Banh mi "
"First an Asian trans king and now Vietnamese representation....maybe the OA was that girl I knew she was "
"Zeker 60 Vietnamese kinderen  onbekende bestemming verdwenen uit opvang  "
"A couple of days ago I saw a Vietnamese lady touching the hair of an extremely adorable little half-African-America "
"I stan the Vietnamese grandma in the OA even though I barely can understand her northern accent "
" : Gates also relayed a question posed by Walt Slocombe (Defense) about whether there was any merit in  the Soviets i"
" : Since 2009, Vietnamese authorities have been able to seize more than 56 tons of ivory. About 20 tons of ivory linked t"
" can't handle the Vietnamese! -prof"
"1st edition of Vietnam Global Leaders Forum #VGLF # Platform for Vietnamese #vision; #influence around the world # "
"how similar are we- libra- loves fried chicken - perfectionist lowkey- lives in america- vietnamese "
" Bless the #Vietnamese people, who fought &amp; defeated the #YankeeImperialist forces.#WarCrimes://t.co/OC3MdcP9x0"
" It's a good thing conservatives don't have that problem. I'm married to a Vietnamese lady and we're happy as can be "
" : Watch Viet Thanh Nguyen's interview:  "
" Loving the Black excellence as a Vietnamese European &amp; Polynesian Indigenous Pacific Islander author co "
" : how similar are we?? bc everyone doing this lol -big multi -vietnamese  -h1ghr music &amp; aomg -"
"Each Vietnamese be climate steward: Ousmane Dione: The Hanoitimes  It`s time for actions "
"15. The Kiss Quotient by Helen Hoang was so hyped on Goodreads but I..didn't..like..it... HAHAHAHAHA f "
" : "
" : 'Overheid moet meer doen tegen verdwijnen asielkinderen' "
"So I now live with a lovely Vietnamese couple in their 50s and another girl whose my age and literally all the swee "
"Last video for my #hairporn lovers  you currently shppping the sale this is Vietnamese double drawn  "
"Watch Viet Thanh Nguyen's interview:  "
"yes it is. as it has always been, ask the Cambodians, the Vietnamese, the people of the former soviet republics. an "
"Lees 'Overheid moet meer doen tegen verdwijnen asielkinderen' op Nieuwsblik - "
" 40. Vietnamese food is amazing"
"    You DO know that at first blush, many will be reminded of "
"    Not really. Vietnamese-Americans are Christian at about sim "
"#oralhistory Viet Thanh Nguyen. Vietnamese Refugee and Pulitzer Prize winning author discusses his experiences as a "
" doen tegen verdwijnen asielkinderen Staatssecretaris #MarkHarbers (Asiel) moet meer doen om te achterhalen w "
" : . is BRILLIANT. Yes- there's #Vietnamese language in #usthemovie !!! :D Thanks,  "
"&amp; Vietnamese people. I don discriminate the hate onto just one."
" dozed off while getting a manicure and got made fun of in Vietnamese by the other techs."
" : Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain. #lostineurope  "
"   And you could also add the Chinese, who were imported en masse to help build the wes "
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain - In: Guardian - World://t.co/8O6uiRGPcd"
" my dad's half vietnamese "
" HUH YOURE VIETNAMESE?!?!?"
" either 60 or 70  depends on how vietnamese u consider me to be lol"
"#LesMiserables was outstanding. Concluded the day with a great vietnamese meal (birthday dinner for  "
"  #NotEveryLanguage in Vietnamese people use kinship terms in lieu of pronouns when describing their family members."
" : Weekend recipe share! tasty, moreish veg-packed rice paper rolls are yum.  it's plant-based...but better still"
"how similar are we  vietnamese wears glasses gay 170cm+ dia loona 48g hate science art hoe born in 2002"
"  Heroic Vietnamese people expeled illegal invaders, rapists and drug traffickers, then celeb "
" joe had some powerful ammunition against the vietnamese"
" : Hunnnnyyyyyyy, 26 of  SILKY VIETNAMESE giving me all types of RICHBIH vibes.  is a closure installati"
""
" : Dialogue, 1998 by Vietnamese artist Dang Thi Khuc #womensart "
"What a beautiful Saturday for some good Vietnamese eats &amp; drinks in Little Saigon: Vietnamese steamed rolled cakes "
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
" : Nieuws over de verdwenen Vietnamezen nu ook  #Lostineurope  "
"Vietnam 1967: We't who to the #Vietnamese. : Video-On-Demand (cable) | Amazon US/UK "
"Ever wanted to try chocolate that tastes like soy sauce, tobacco or Vietnamese pho? "
"so am i the only black mf that eat vietnamese food ?"
" I really like Vietnamese food.  I can comment on the authenticity, but this is a pretty easy pho recip "
"Pickled Banh Mi  Bringing traditional Vietnamese food to Orange County "
"'Overheid moet meer doen tegen verdwijnen asielkinderen' "
" Vietnamese"
" Well we do know nibbas love Vietnamese puppet shows, so I believe it"
" Nonono the worse vietnamese guy"
" pretty sure it pronounced May and pho is pronounced Foe like ok who the Vietnamese one here ugly"
" Pho - A delicious Vietnamese soup. Perhaps they were hungry?"
"japanese, korean and vietnamese omg it so hard to explain what Mien is "
" Ew you're kidding, I was just discussing this with friends last week when an old man said that to her "
"I swear Mr3yo yells at me in Vietnamese"
"     I loved Auto's. Now a Vietnamese restaurant. Located a l "
"At the nail salon and I swear these Fuckers stay talking shit in their own language . I need to learn Vietnamese"
" : "
"26,26,24, 1/2 22 and a 6x6 Vietnamese closure in 20  "
"I love my nail lady... i obsessed with these nails! she fawkin takes her time w me on helping me pick out a color "
" Er verdwijnen wereldwijd veel kinderen tijdens immigratie voor duistere doelen. #ChildTrafficking "
"A new Vietnamese cookbook offers fresh look at classic dishes "
"Just ate at a pho restaurant and the cashier looked shocked that my card has a Vietnamese name... said I looked Mexican "
" : Straks om 22.00 uur in  meer over de vermiste Vietnamese kinderen uit de Beschermde Opvang. Ik zit in de studio"
" : Feel refreshed with  Vietnamese summer rolls and their rainbow pearl cocktail dessert. "
"Ordered yard food on uber eats earlier today and now I want Vietnamese summer rolls. So I'm gonna make them."
"joh gek he die vietnamese kids die zomaar verdwijnen uit een zogenaamd speciaal beveiligd azc , #kinderenveilig jaj "
"Can we all take a moment to appreciate all the beautiful Vietnamese, Filipino, Korean, Japanese, basically all east "
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
" : Few people these days realize that we used to listen to CCR whenever we felt like it, not just when we were choppering in"
" : IG: syanne7 | Vietnamese :  "
" : Kamer wil onderzoek verdwenen Vietnamese jongeren "
"screamin out vietnamese cause i down fo my shit bitch!!"
"going with the flat fringe this evening and out eating Vietnamese and drinking cocktails with  "
" : Capt. Roberts with the Vietnamese District Chief, Mo Cay District, Kiev Hoa Province, S. Vietnam. June 1964. Two months befo"
" Vietnamese asielzoekers? Da's een lange boottocht, zeg! Zeker door  voor de kust van Laos opgepikt..."
"Hunnnnyyyyyyy, 26 of  SILKY VIETNAMESE giving me all types of RICHBIH vibes.  is a closure "
"how similar are we?  - jikook ult - libra  - hot coffee &gt; iced - vietnamese food  "
"Chinese "
"the vietnamese do coffee better than us. the shit is strong"
"King County's Union Worker of the Year, Van Huynh of  is featured on the front page of the latest copy "
" johnchow | Samsung Galaxy S10 super slow mode.  Pho Ba Co Vietnamese Cuisine "
" zestig Vietnamese kinderen zijn verdwenen na aankomst in NL. Ze waren de afgelopen vijf jaar geplaatst in be "
" 60 pts (takes a lot of pic/loooove KNK/ winter&gt; /stan cross gene /cat person and snow is life) and f "
" : Tientallen Vietnamese kinderen verdwenen uit beschermde opvang "
"  It is sad and frustrating. 20-30 yrs ago when i was still in the Ph, i'd hear crook "
"Luisteren! Tientallen Vietnamese kinderen verdwenen uit beschermde opvang - Argos - VPRO "
"  PRC China has already encroached on Austrian Territory in Antartica with 2 so called scientific b "
"When my husband got to the front of the long line he asked why he got sent to a line typically reserved for non-US "
" I love Vietnamese coffee so I definitely JUST ordered one haha"
" Although the. Again, they did side with the Vietnamese and called the soldiers killers"
" Lets me know if you want Vietnamese translator"
"Tientallen Vietnamese kinderen verdwenen uit beschermde opvang "
"  vietnamese coffee is so good!!! I love the syrupy texture it's so gao (thick?? rich???)"
"Wat gebeurt er met tientallen Vietnamese kinderen die verdwijnen uit de beschermde asielopvang? De Kamer wil een di "
"Venture all see what fate brings. ~ Vietnamese Prover"
" Bun Tuhm Kench, my favorite Vietnamese dish."
"Dinner is served! With more rice than I'm sure was the monthly ration for a Vietnamese soldier during the war!"
" Yes, just claim that you're a victim of social-political oppression. Hell, Warren told people she was an "
"i miss the nice vietnamese lady who did my hair last year"
"     I did a (very) short stint at Alan Harding Fren "
"   I've been going back and forth about Vietnamese names for the book I'm c "
"  To many overseas Vietnamese in the west, the current Vietnamese flag is offensive and would "
"Florida Grapefruit and Jicama Vietnamese Salad://t.co/oEdGL5EVSM#salad#citrus"
" : Remind you, the Toyota Australia hack has been previously attributed with medium confidence to APT32, a Vietnamese nation-s"
" But the Vietnamese Dong is open game?!?"
"Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain ://t.co/KrfdMR1vw7 #migration"
" I am so fucking serious when I am speaking Vietnamese, damn. But then I start to speak Portuguese and start being more crazy "
"U.N. committee has issued a report highly critical of the Vietnamese gov, demanding Hanoi stop jailing activists &amp; "
"   Historically-speaking, NVA didn give them freedom either. Vietnamese peopl "
" I am funnier when I speak English but less funny when I speak Vietnamese hahaha"
"  I beg of you Adam, DO NOT do what was done years ago when Nixon was allowed to get away w "
"*goes to Vietnamese restaurant*owner walks up : Oh hi, are you Chinese or Korean?: ....Vietnamese  "
" : Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
"     - "
" rock/metal parce que j bien mais c sans + on va dire,  et like books parce que pareil c sans + hihi"
" Who makes fun of Asian food? (And I mean it in the full context of Asian :Japanese, Chinese, Korean, Vi "
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
" Vietnamese :D"
"My body is craving fresh fruit what better way to give it what it wants than fresh green  and #vietnamese garlic s "
" My best friend is Vietnamese and is about 110-115. She's been called fat by both family and friends. "
"BREAKING! Er is opsporings-info over de verdwenen Vietnamese asiel-kids! NEDERLANDSE MSM BERICHT HIER NIET OVER! Vo "
" : Netherlands: 'In the past five years, at least 60 Vietnamese children have disappeared from [protected] shelters. Dutc"
"#Nieuwsuur  kinderen uit asiel-/opvangcentra is al jaren gaande. En niet alleen Vietnamese."
"T gives us a chance to clear out the old and make a fresh start. This year, start a tradition of prosperity and g "
"#Staatssecretaris #Harbers doet te weinig voor #vermiste #Vietnamese kinderen volgens rapporteur #mensenhandel Bolhaar. #prostitutie #drugs"
" I'm totally cool with people from Mexico coming over...legally...and after applying merit-based ratio "
"Hoezo beschermde opvang! Ongelooflijk dat dit in Nederland mogelijk is! zijn totaal de weg kwijt! 'Zeker zesti "
"Nu de  in  meer over de vermiste Vietnamese kinderen uit de Beschermde Opvang "
"  "
" you know anything about Vietnamese people, you know they are not voiceless. They are quite loud, whether it is "
" : COA. Vietnamese kinderen. Grootste handelaren zitten in COA zelf. Let op."
"COA. Vietnamese kinderen. Grootste handelaren zitten in COA zelf. Let op."
" "
"Wat doen Vietnamese  kinderen in de NL opvang. Waarom niet het vliegtuig in en terug naar het oosten?#veiligland "
" : Fight #HumanTrafficking of #Vietnamese in #Britain #UnitedKingdom  #UK #EU should join to fight this scourge against #Human"
"Netherlands: 'In the past five years, at least 60 Vietnamese children have disappeared from [protected] shelters. D "
" 17 The commemoration must be celebrated after sunset and before sunrise (Exodus 34:25): "
"17 - The commemoration must be celebrated after sunset and before sunrise (Exodus 34:25):: "
" The only exception being Asian. My child friend is 1/2 Vietnamese but was advised to put white o "
"Few people these days realize that we used to listen to CCR whenever we felt like it, not just when we were chopper "
"50% DISCOUNT OFF YOUR FIRST MEAL Grand Opening of Toronto Pho holds on the 1st of April, 2019. "
"leeteuk vietnamese is better than mine  "
"Samsung Galaxy S10 super slow mode.  Pho Ba Co Vietnamese Cuisine "
" Yeah, I'm going to have to clean them up, lots of trash. Trinity broadcasting, a lot of Vietnamese channels, etc"
"Drinking a Speedway Stout (Vietnamese Coffee) by  at   "
" Vietnamese***** "
" Vietnamese ginger chicken"
" :  is super worried about blocking and deporting Mexicans, Vietnamese, and Muslims. Meanwhile he doesn't gi"
"Straks om 22.00 uur in  meer over de vermiste Vietnamese kinderen uit de Beschermde Opvang. Ik zit in de "
"  I've had similar experiences. One pot luck included Ethiopian, Cambodian, Vietnamese, Cajun "
"Kamer wil onderzoek naar verdwenen Vietnamese jongeren - #rtvdrenthe "
" I hear Viva Los Tacos is really awesome! In Edgar Industrial just off Highway 2A and Taylor North "
"What's your last name?Nguyen.Wynn?No, Nguyen's Vietnamese.So, Nugent?No, it's not pronounce "
" : Meet Lena. She's a helarcto-Vietnamese American woman. She's an amateur power lifter and body builder, majoring in Exe"
" n s ph bi n ti Vi v ti Anh. year we will be able to speak Vietnamese and English."
"Hey  just to say thanks to  for their influx of customers! 50th birthday party next door with "
" : Zeker zestig Vietnamese kinderen verdwenen de afgelopen vijf jaar spoorloos uit de beschermde opvang.  en "
" : Tientallen Vietnamese kinderen verdwenen uit azc's, Kamer wil onderzoek | L Nieuws "
"Vietnamese style crawfish is this fucking best!"
"    It's actually not a minor point. Vietnamese in America are 30% Catholic."
"lmao someone thought I was Korean and I wasn't even abroad????? A fellow Filipino thought that???? was thought "
"Meet Lena. She's a helarcto-Vietnamese American woman. She's an amateur power lifter and body builder, majoring in "
"Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain://t.co/WJ2q2mnZTI #OpDeathEaters"
" : March 30, 1965: A Viet Cong car bomb containing 300 pounds of plastic explosives detonates in front of the U.S. Embassy"
" : Last week's Column One, a gorgeous reflection by  on her father and the Vietnamese paper that defined Little Saig"
" I don know what Molly Moon is but I pretty sure I need the Vietnamese iced coffee thing!"
"We need to make the UK a hostile environment for traffickers as Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to b "
"  BAY FUSION Vietnamese Asian Kitchen "
"luisterde vanmiddag onder het poetsen naar  over de Vietnamese slavenhandel. Het kan niet vaak genoeg g "
"it's so weird how my mom can speak english and i can understand and then switch to vietnamese in 5 seconds and my brain still understands"
" tRump's xenophobia at work. else this *shithole administration* has bee doing - that is also "
"I may not be the first vietnamese american to play in the US open but at least I never tweeted sympathetically about john mccain"
" Mimi Kh  at Georgetown: The Professor Is Ill, Anguish and Ableism in the Academy.[Vietnamese "
" a-asian and vietnamese,,, not your proudest moment"
"At a Vietnamese restaurant and suddenly I have the inexplicable urge to play  "
"A young Vietnamese woman from my local nail salon asked if I could read over her Masters assignment on infrastructu "
"Looking for Vegetarian Friendly Locations Abroad?. Nang, Vietnam has quite a few Vietnamese dishes that are ve "
"Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
"  Best tacos I ever had were in a Vietnamese fusion restaurant in Beijing"
""
"Paycheck came through so this Saturday is treat yourself day and I wanted everything Vietnamese #cocotang "
"Saturday afternoon with my family enjoying some Vietnamese food   BAY FUSION Vietnamese Asian Kitchen "
"Vietnamese fried chicken rice bowl for a late lunch! "
" Probably doesn't feel safe unless he's in a controlled environment. A: The vietnamese jungle."
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain://t.co/pOyqvuHNx5"
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain  "
" Aww that's a shame, same thing happened to my Vietnamese blue last year I was so upset she was my favourite"
"Trying a Vietnamese pancake for the first time and it's B A N G I N G "
"Kwetsbare #asielkinderen moeten we kunnen beschermen tegen kwaadwillenden. Daarom zegt #PvdD, samen met meerderheid "
"Do the Asians still cuss in Vietnamese?"
" The first time someone called me that was my first crush, a Vietnamese boy"
"here for a bit of #Oceans11 then it off for Vietnamese dinner.  Keep in mind that Caesar Romero is this looks great!#TCMParty"
"Vietnamese spring rolls are so firewoth the peanut sauce omfg"
"Tientallen Vietnamese kinderen verdwenen uit azc's, Kamer wil onderzoek "
"FBI says $25M defrauded from mostly #Vietnamese investors by supposed church. #AAPI "
"Take a tour of the Eden Center - the Vietnamese shopping and cultural hub in Falls Church, VA - with Kojo!://t.co/SE4JjKXH6Q"
" haha i meant more as a safety buddy. you don't have to do anything at all. just go out for a drink or cof "
" : Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
" WTF doen en hoe komen Vietnamese kinderen hier, want dat is gewoon een veilig land? Vraagt iemand zich dat ook af?"
"Bojack is a tight show but it's notable that season 5 has a white girl voicing a Vietnamese character and a Vietnamese girl voicing a pug"
"Grindr l thay  th gi  t nam nh th n "
" : a thread of my moots names meaning in Vietnamese bc im bored"
"Cybersecurity Becoming Major Concern for Vietnamese Businesses "
"Delicious Vietnamese food "
" I wasted years trying to do it through channels, first within the executive branch and then with Con "
" Pokemon Omega Ruby Vietnamese CIA: "
"Vietnamese hackers trigger software trap on Cambodian news website "
" No, but I think we should send in ace chicken hawk, John Bolton. After all, he said he missed his ch "
" kim your name means gold (in Han-Viet, old vietnamese (?)) "
" How is it Vietnamese come to this country with a language barrier and same generation make a successfu "
"a thread of my moots names meaning in Vietnamese bc im bored"
" :     Her  hoodie also means rabbit in Vietnamese. The kids are"
"  Asians have been here since before the railroads. How about the Vietnamese Asians? What did "
" Is the Vietnamese coffee made with regurgitated weasel saliva? "
": vietnamese? : fuck off+: "
"Battleship USS New Jersey firing with her nine 406 mm guns to the Vietnamese positions. "
"- US Asian men appear to earn more than white men in local gov.- Chinese and Vietnamese women have earning advanta "
"The trade relationship between U.S and China is not going back even after a deal. Many manufacturers are leaving an "
" : Have you ever tried Vietnamese hair? come to Laylahair to get the best experience with real human hair"
"Vietnamese bbq brisket roll daikon slaw sauce  egg "
"a gifted Vietnamese biologist Raoul Franc said plants move just as freely and graceful as the most skilled human, "
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
"how similar are we?+10 - uwu+10 - memes+10 - vietnamese +10 - food +10 - only child+10 - typos ;-;+10 - Febr "
"Still haven had a chance to try one of our newest beers? You in luck - we still have them on draft! - Mail O "
"Today the Vietnamese guy who was dying my hair told me that I shld consider working as a cleaner at McDonald's. I w "
"    Nope. I'm Native American and a supervisor in the industry. The completions "
" : Vietnamese -aligned hackers are targeting firms, FireEye says "
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain  "
"A Vietnamese-Anglo boy needs a bone marrow transplant! Who can help? retweet!  "
"Apply now to work for #TMobileCareers as Mobile Associate Bilingual- #Retail #Sales Vietnamese! (#Houston) #job "
"I forgot #MyWhitePrivilege percentages, but I know they're rather small am like...1/16 or 1/32 western...well, at "
" 50 years ago on April 13th, Kenneth Vern Jensen gave his life for his comrades. Kenny was my best fr "
" : Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
"Drinking a Ten Ton Truck Vietnamese Coffee by   BrewDog Carlisle  "
"Vietnamese Chargrilled Chicken Noodles with Peanut &amp; Sriacha Sauce.  A recipe I wrote last year and we're still e "
" Maar hoe komen die jonge Vietnamese kinderen hier?"
" Loan  ti Anh th ng ng ch "
"Vietnamese -aligned hackers are targeting firms, FireEye says "
"jenny was just a cute oil rig worker before a hairdresser came into their life. plot twist: a vietnamese woman is i "
"  That reminds me of what Vietnamese concentration cam guards would say if a prisoner moved ad his "
" I don't have anyone that I would feel comfortable sending audios to tbh haha, and I'm kinda talking about "
" : Hello I Cathy a Vietnamese  artist based in Alsace (France). I love strong girls and pink. #ArtistofSEA "
"Ruim twee jaar geleden schreef ik dit verhaal: Verdwenen Vietnamese kinderen waren meerderjarig #Vietnam "
"  Vietnamese children should be in Vietnam."
"Hoe komen Vietnamese kinderen hier? daar?"
"This story in a couple of weeks old but it worth bringing up again. That we would deport ANY Vietnamese refugee a "
"chinese, japanese, vietnamese, korean, native hawaiian, native alaskan, mexican, and i know this is not an ethnicit "
" &gt;be vietnamese without slanty eyes&gt;are you filipino? every time"
"1960s North Vietnamese Soldiers Training, Vietnam War in Color | Kinolib... "
"Just learned and remembered my first sentence in Vietnamese. it a useful one? Not really."
"how similar are we?? bc everyone doing this lol -big multi -vietnamese  -h1ghr music &amp; aomg "
"Feds target Westminster church suspected of swindling $25 million from Vietnamese investors "
"   (also he's Vietnamese not Chinese, but that's a minor point)"
"My fam is hanging out and had this. My sister in law is Vietnamese and  used her family recipe to spice up the craw "
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
"And i saw sooo many Asian people! Like.. Koreans, Japanese and Vietnamese! My country has so many different interna "
" Moyzilla and the Vietnamese truck look awesome"
"double c on my feet gangbanging b , make a bitch touch her knees she was Vietnamese"
" : Vietnamese cyber espionage trackers: the   podcast  episode (534). A chat with a Toyota Australia"
"   17 - Mindesm skal fejres efter solnedgang og f solopgang (2. Mosebog 34:25):  : "
" Oh yes! Recently visited: for dumplings for unbelievable brunch Nguyen for Vietna "
"17 - Mindesm skal fejres efter solnedgang og f solopgang (2. Mosebog 34:25): : "
"Starbucks has been disappointing me these couple weeks and ever since I tried coffee beans vietnamese cold brew hon "
"  I have a lot of vietnamese friends and they dont know who lady gaga is or even be "
" Yeah, that my favourite episode which this one is Vietnamese dubbed."
"Food info: Super Mario Star Super Specials Saturday night Power up before you hit the streets...Beef Pho Vietnamese "
"Zeker zestig Vietnamese kinderen uit Nederlandse AZC's zijn spoorloos "
"My own kind be shook when I tell them I Vietnamese. They don ever think I am "
"Weekend recipe share! tasty, moreish veg-packed rice paper rolls are yum.  it's plant-based...but better "
"Fuck I just had Starbucks but now I'm craving Vietnamese coffee"
"#shogi #JapaneseChess [Vietnamnet]Japanese tea culture, chess, Yosakoi  a unique style of "
"  Pretty delicious. The matzah inspired dumplings are cooked in a chicken bone broth "
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
"  Any info re the Hmong folks there and their outcomes? of my first refugee assista "
"Vietnamese Persimmon &amp; Paprika Steak "
"Bun round 2 got the pork last time so I decided to try the chicken. I totally blame  for my sudden Vie "
"Absolutely delicious food   Com Viet Vietnamese Restaurant "
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain | Global development | The G "
"Why did my Vietnamese wife have to badger 3  managers to honor their clearance price tag?  Because she left "
"Join Catholics from across OC in answering Pope Francis' call to show the Mercy of Christ to the world at "
"Nigerians &amp; Vietnamese people run Houston"
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain://t.co/wJ35UBfQbF"
"Vietnamese iced coffee with a thick layer of sweetened condensed milk at the bottom. Did you know that French colon "
" Why don't the Chinese , Japanese, and  Vietnamese Americans act like the African Americans? It's becaus "
" not rlly the majority of asians (at least the ones that told me their ethnicity) are vietnamese and k "
"Join Catholics from across OC in answering Pope Francis' call to show the Mercy of Christ to the world at "
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
" The list would have been about the same during the Sino-Vietnamese war and the Sino-Indian war, in bo "
"   Conservative George Will revealed (in 2014, I believe) that the Nixon-Ki "
" : vietnamese ELFs are really well bahaved, we can just tell by how much super junior records them, i hope they get a SS8"
"Well I guess I through more #ReiAyanami for  so he can drop napalm to Vietnamese village.  can't rem "
" Lol, they are Vietnamese"
"Look at me, a font of cheery news today.://t.co/NJJaalPKr9"
"My manager keeps buying me Vietnamese food and idk how to him that it sucks"
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
"Weekend dinners don't have to be difficult  this Vietnamese-style Lamb, Cashew and Noodle Salad brings a cool, lig "
"you actually stupid if you take uppers, just drink Vietnamese coffee you dumbasses"
"  There was some of that in the '80s/'90s, but honestly we're at a point now where it' "
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
"i live in a vietnamese household and there isnt a single bottle of sriracha wt$$%#^%$"
"I'm at Bayhill Vietnamese Bistro in San Bruno, CA "
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
"4 Vietnamese egg rolls and 2 S2 later from Huynh. I beyond satisfied "
" english, vietnamese, and just a bit of korean"
" em  ki tweets v vietnamese orbits  :)"
" Big oof. Vietnamese culture generally uses ginger in a bunch of recipes. Hope you get well soon!"
" : Our first feature film of the day is CAMOUFLAGE: VIETNAMESE BRUSH STROKES WITH HISTORY directed by Bestor Cram screenin"
" : Oh man! UMass goes to CUNY this morning. Vietnamese pronouns, agreement attraction, syntactic adaptation, and German d-p"
"  next to a Vietnamese restaurant makes my home smell like pho-breeze"
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain://t.co/J3fPCuyD9X"
" Why do you know that it is O'star in Vietnam????? Are you Vietnamese?"
" And wasn it just this month there was the article about hiw it was bad for white boys to date Asian girls? "
" : Checked into a Ohio hotel yesterday. Clerk asked for my name. Last two Ohio hotels got it wrong. Nguyen, I said.-G-U-"
"Pork belly sandwich only  The B Kitchen 1811 E.Cesar Chavez 78702. "
"Fried rice(chinese, vietnamese, and thai), Sweet rice, risotto,  red beans and rice "
"Herman Bolhaar gaat zich nu ineens druk maken over de verdwenen Vietnamese asielzoekers. Als super-procureur frustr "
"   Hey, I white.  I had a Vietnamese girlfriend. mom hated me I whi "
" : #WomensHistoryMonth The Trung Sisters were heroines of the 1st Vietnamese independence movement, who headed a rebellion a"
"   William Laws Calley Jr. is a former States Army conv "
" Eunhyuk said he will eat Pho (Vietnamese Beef noodles) when he miss Vietnam"
"30th March 1972-North Vietnamese troops enter South Vietnam"
"Missing today's Open House, but want to learn more about ? Take our virtual tour - available in: "
"Check out my book - 'BIMAT: Vietnamese Adventure (Siam Storm Book 3)' - on #BookBuzzr - "
" Mr President, *John McCain was called  songbird by the Vietnamese because he sang like a bird "
"          Na Vietnamese... "
"He thinks that Asia is so small and that because Mariah is the best selling non Japanese artist in Japan that means "
" Castle posits 3 likely outcomes for those men: executed by enemy forces, died of their wounds, or d "
"The girls at my work are trying to teach me Vietnamese "
"The time I rapped in viet lol #taiwaneseamerican # # # #taiwanese #vietnamese "
" Like imagine yourself trying to say a Chinese/Korean/Vietnamese name correctly. There are some soun "
"tried Vietnamese pho today, and probably will never try it again"
"#MooNyk  Artist "
" : The Vietnam War was one of the worst atrocities of the 20th Century.  Millions of Vietnamese died, many because of the extreme"
" My top three bottled ones are definitely the Califia Farms XX Espresso, Peet's Cold Brew, and Secret "
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
"    that so Cool. Meanwhile I have less than 150 subscribers and am currently d "
" : I watched Furie over the weekend!! Great Vietnamese action flick and especially loved what they did with the lighting! h"
" These projects are pointless.  the North Vietnamese / Vietcong, as well as Houthis and Syrian A "
"Tientallen Vietnamese kinderen verdwenen uit azc's, Kamer wil onderzoek "
" Can I pitch you my idea for a fusion Vietnamese noodle and Korean BBQ restaurant? I'd call it Pho Q."
" : how similar are we  ___/100  pts  Vietnamese/Asian  pts  18  pts  virgin  (Virgo)  pts  crackhead "
" : A majority of the Dutch parliament wants an investigation after relevaltions by #Lostineurope that 60 Vietnamese children d"
"Kamer wil onderzoek verdwenen Vietnamese jongeren - "
"If you live next to a Vietnamese restaurant, on a windy day does it smell like pho-breeze?"
"Vietnamese Crunchies"
"Vietnamese beef stew  "
"Doing karaoke in a Vietnamese bar singing Shania Twain and dancing to Gasolina was the most culturally diverse expe "
" : 87 Vietnamese spring rolls made. Can't wait to fry some of these off later! "
" I can't sing/read vietnamese for shit but i love this song dkamkslzlaz"
"Opening 1800 Journaal: nieuws. Is al 20 jaar aan de gang:  AMA (alleenstaande minderjarige asiel "
"87 Vietnamese spring rolls made. Can't wait to fry some of these off later! "
"how similar are we  ___/100  pts  Vietnamese/Asian  pts  18  pts  virgin  (Virgo)  pts  crackh "
"#live #news 30/03/2019: Tin t bu s  m v   xem: "
"The Vietnamese restaurant has been taken over by a paint store. It still sells grocery lists."
"tonight I was talking to a Vietnamese guy who works in the hostel about football so he invited me to his house to w "
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
"All I want to do is go to the Asian mall in Cleveland and get my Vietnamese food. "
"how similar are we? ___/100 0;: pts virgo  pts under 5 pts dyed hair pts sleeps all the time "
" I put in morally wrong because of the American massacres if Vietnamese villages. If any execution with "
"I bought 14 Vietnamese sandwiches and it was $115 "
"Nou die verdwenen Vietnamese kinderen zijn gevonden hoor staatssecretaris Mark Harbers. . #mensenhandel "
" Tell her Ming is Chinese, not Vietnamese"
"Vietnamese Ilustrators Design "
" NYC  Grilled these Vietnamese eats, and eat it like you do with Korean bbq. Instead of lettuce wraps, you get ri "
"March 30, 1965: A Viet Cong car bomb containing 300 pounds of plastic explosives detonates in front of the U.S. Emb "
"Two  Accused of Defrauding Vietnamese Churchgoers Out of $25M "
"  Vietnamese iced coffee loll"
"Saved the best for last! Episode 6 of #TheSpecialPodcast is in Houston! Learn how Vietnamese immigrants have change "
"#WelcomeChunghaToVietnam #HAfleurdelis #HAfleurdelisEvent #ChunghainVietnam #CHUNGHA #V_BYULHARANG "
" : "
"If y aren busy, please check out this poll and vote Singh Vietnamese  for best upcoming restaurant!://t.co/TIReR4UWTH"
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
" : Nieuws van Argos in The Guardian.#onderzoeksjournalistiek #impact #vpro #nporadio1 #argos ://t.co/QFmybwYccC"
""
"Drinking a Ten Ton Truck Vietnamese Coffee by  at   "
"   #IS WRONG #WITH THIS #PICTURE?VIETNAM WILL #HOST FORMULE1 #GRAND PRIX IN 2020 "
" Somewhat in the age of innocence and belief that our leaders would never lie to us, we tried to do o "
"Investigation highlights failings of Dutch and UK authorities to care properly for unaccompanied minors "
" : #Nieuwsuur:#Rapporteur mensenhandel over verdwenen Vietnamese asielkinderen #Kaboel-serie deel 3: leven met de angst v"
"    Feels good! Other day in Vietnamese restaurant, a Bollywood m "
"#Nieuwsuur:#Rapporteur mensenhandel over verdwenen Vietnamese asielkinderen #Kaboel-serie deel 3: leven met de "
"My mom does my Make up while we chit chat in VIETNAMESE!! "
"French baguette baked in house, three types of ham, pickles, pate, and mayo all made from scratch, finished with lo "
"   Uniquely yours. LoL. You and every other Vietnamese style place. They a "
"Do you know what would taste great today?  Some delicious Vietnamese pho or  maybe  Thai, Cuban, Korean, Indian,  C "
"Vietnamese coffee tastes different from the average cup of joe because of the way it is brewed. It a... "
" :  Vietnam was a horrific attack on the Vietnamese people, Vietnam veterans knew this and thousands of them sho"
" vietnamese, english and german"
"Interesting Vietnamese home://t.co/lVpXkcAkqP#yycArchitecture #architecture #architecturalstyle #calgary "
"Vietnamese Inspired Beef Salad #recipe://t.co/2o0Ly3vsdV "
"We can have a stronger Asian organization if we can focus on one. But I also understand why people do their own thi "
" : Redoubling efforts to learn Vietnamese "
"I'm listening to Walk This Way by Aerosmith and Run DMC in a Vietnamese restaurant and I think that's beautiful"
"Literally dreamt in Vietnamese  I DONT SPEAK VIETNAMESE"
" :  As a #refugee from #Vietnam, whose dad served in the South Vietnamese military and became a #POW, I always be grateful"
" T Th Cang nh nhi v m "
"  hi! my name is amy and i'm a chinese/vietnamese-american illustrator who loves drawing (a "
" : Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
"Redoubling efforts to learn Vietnamese "
"*wakes up**immediately orders Vietnamese on uber eats*"
"        "
" :  We'll do it in Spanish, English, Vietnamese, Chinese and Urdu. "
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain #traficdenfants #paysbas://t.co/xZcdWbjAmU"
"Why can I translate to Vietnamese  "
" Vietnamese fans want to see you tooo"
"Two  Accused of Defrauding Vietnamese Churchgoers Out of$25M "
" We'll do it in Spanish, English, Vietnamese, Chinese and Urdu. "
"me every sat/sun morning waiting for the vietnamese restaurants to open so I could get my pho fix "
"Kamer wil onderzoek verdwenen Vietnamese jongeren /via . Vietnamezen asielzoekers? Belachelijk! Dat tuig terug! "
"Vietnamese Roboticus"
"without clothes ????? photos licking black pussy videos vietnamese girls getting fucked huge dicks porno "
" Right, because y are the true authority on morality. Didn you just post a video justifying a war tha "
"it should be uwhite but my fire 7 is a kindle machine. have to say I am Vietnamese and I pround of that. "
"LOL some dude had the audacity to tell me all the Vietnamese restaurants I go to are trash and he knows better . Br "
"Da ist man 1mal in einer anderen Stadt und wird auf der Stra von Typen nach einem Date gefragt...Leute...er hie "
" However when it comes to the African Americans or Black people you and I are not qualify to determine any "
" Oh my god. It Vietnamese soup, it beef broth and rice noodles and you can get beef, chicken and all sorts of yum yums in it "
"So smooth. Chocolate. - Drinking a Vietnamese Speedway Stout (2018) by  at    "
"Tientallen Vietnamese kinderen verdwenen uit azc's, Kamer wil onderzoek | L Nieuws "
"So I love Vietnamese Cofee And they have a drink with Vietnamese coffee I really in heaven "
"Water buffalo have an important job at this Vietnamese golf course "
"Vietnamese food is next level."
"Tientallen Vietnamese kinderen verdwenen uit azc's, Kamer wil onderzoek "
"  McCain known as the Prince to his Vietnamese captors made propaganda pieces for the North Vietna "
"Fun fact Zander killed 6 people in Vietnam a few years ago. Not in the Vietnamese war. He literally just went to Vi "
" : Afternoon coffee - Drinking a Ten Ton Truck Vietnamese Coffee by   BrewDog Peterhead   "
"    March, 1968. 400+ civilian Vietnamese men, women &amp; "
"Tientallen Vietnamese kinderen verdwenen uit azc's, Kamer wil onderzoek "
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
" : Feds target Westminster church suspected of swindling $25 million from Vietnamese investors  Orange County Register h"
"My mom trying to teach me how to cook Vietnamese food  "
" :  Went to a Vietnamese Restaurant in Silver Spring and encountered a table full of white Trumpanzees. They were"
" : The Cao Dai religion is a blend of eastern and western faiths that was once banned by the government, but is now practic"
"Kanagawa Prefecture,famous as Yokohama, Facebook Page for Vietnamese!://t.co/FgSaP01bjP"
"Russian acting (Stanislavsky): I will tell you a story about me. acting (Brecht): I will tell you a story ab "
"  Do it for the Vietnamese community."
"  Spring Tea 2019 Best Price Black Tea - PEKOE MY TEA: "
"Vietnamese #AnimalShelterMessages We never put a healthy meal down."
" : #likesMixedNuts needs a new Outrage, Sensational Distraction, to bury the flood of news about Michael Cohen's cl"
" Yeah my bro is married to a Vietnamese woman, and they are awesome. NYT is propaganda."
"NOT THE VOICES IN THIS VIDEO ARE IN VIETNAMESE...  "
"Kamer wil onderzoek verdwenen Vietnamese jongeren "
"Afternoon coffee - Drinking a Ten Ton Truck Vietnamese Coffee by   BrewDog Peterhead   "
" : Per this *news* article in NYT a column States is  traditional champion of human rights.  would be ne"
"Free Culture Show tonight! the Vietnamese Student Association at Virginia Tech for their show titled Crazy C "
"Sh!t , I thought she look Vietnamese. "
" Ugh I used to work in Orange County. I see so many trying to take care of the Latino and Vietnamese pop "
"Vietnamese French artist Le Pho (1907-2001) "
"Vietnamese French artist Le Pho (1907-2001) "
"Yeah, it is weekend. It is the best time to relax and prepare your favorite soup #lotus #sweetlotussoup "
"Well there goes that Vietnamese coffee "
"Vietnamese French artist Le Pho (1907-2001) "
" #DADDYSGURLCOOLamSummer  eat po tayo vietnamese thai soup "
"Tientallen Vietnamese kinderen verdwenen uit azc's, Kamer wil onderzoek "
"Head to the South Shore for great dim sum and tricky to find Vietnamese dishes like banh xeo "
" : #banhpho #pho #noodles #noodlewars #NOODLE #food #dining #business #entrepreneur #cooking #GBBO #foodt"
" Well your bio says you're part vietnamese. Your genetics probably won't let you get but so thick, lol"
" : Battle Results! Best Pho Battle: #Mississauga vs. #Oakville #banhpho #pho #noodles #Vie"
"planning to look up the song for song lyrics, quoting Vietnamese Crystal, quoting PRChase.."
"its all the same vietnamese orbits who go on kpop pages and fight everyone then wonder why does loona have a bad re "
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
" : In Vietnamese folklore, Ong Troi, the   Heavens, is the creator of the heavens and the earth. how the"
"Vietnamese iced coffee at Bricage FTW. "
"today i think i will try the new vietnamese restaurant by work when im done!!"
"Oh man! UMass goes to CUNY this morning. Vietnamese pronouns, agreement attraction, syntactic adaptation, and Germa "
" : Hot stone bowl pho. #pho #vietnamese #beefnoodlesoup #food #foodpics #foodspotting #foodstagram #phoblackbull  Ph Bla"
"Hot stone bowl pho. #pho #vietnamese #beefnoodlesoup #food #foodpics #foodspotting #foodstagram #phoblackbull  Ph "
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
"Ada beberapa kisah sedih. . I went to vietnam; ho chi minh in 2016. A year later, kenal a vietnamese girl thru WP "
":0323 DOT BELOW(Combining Diacritical Marks)= nang * IPA: closer variety of vowel * Americanist an "
" Choke on a vietnamese bayonet"
"  It in the Dutch reports: fake agencies that promiss them official jobs, but that are act "
"why do ppl keep fancasting lana condor as cindy moon isn lana vietnamese"
"dumbass western chauvinists adopting marxism: feminism is idpol and lgbt is bourgeois decadence cpi(m), the c "
"Tinanong ako ng Vietnamese friend ko kanina why did you choose to study in this University? at ang sagot ko ay B "
" I think no one will use it to understand what I say, or the translation tool will not translate Vietnamese haha"
"  it is vietnamese oh you know vietnamese"
" Missing from this article: why are Vietnamese children seeking asylum (in Europe) w/o relatives?"
"[INFO] [190330] l ca kh solo duy nh c BTS l v danh s 15 b h c t c y n v "
" : Operation Babylift: In 1975, over 3300 Vietnamese orphans were evacuated and transported by airplanes to the US. https:"
" Went to a Vietnamese Restaurant in Silver Spring and encountered a table full of white Trumpanzees. "
"Nieuws van Argos in The Guardian.#onderzoeksjournalistiek #impact #vpro #nporadio1 #argos ://t.co/QFmybwYccC"
"  And to be clear, while I think we took the wrong side, the timing is important. When Ho dec "
"my cousins boyfriend trying to speak vietnamese is the funniest thing"
"#Monsanto was one of primary suppliers of Agent Orange. As a result of its use in Vietnam, at least three million V "
" Ukie haha, i got mad when I thought you were Vietnamese, but you used English to talk to me. Actually, my English is not good"
"Vietnamese people can never sit in their house weekend nights. Indoors? What is the meaning of that lol"
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
"Chinese (basically every Mandarin speaking country) "
"Delicious Food! #mamascooking #family #meal #dinnertable #ancestorworship #rememberingdad #yummy #vietnamese "
"Vietnamese is pretty"
" My husband speaks Vietnamese and says that is correct :) he thought the accent was wrong in the movie but "
"An electrifying portrait of the righteous anger of black anti-war protesters and veterans, director David L. Weiss "
"  Here here ! In Salute ! My husband 2 tours , flew the choppers, and later trained the Vi "
" : I'm trying out everyplate this week and first up was the Vietnamese Steak Bowl. Came out great!....--------------"
"Feds target Westminster church suspected of swindling $25 million from Vietnamese investors  Orange County Register "
" Vietnam was a horrific attack on the Vietnamese people, Vietnam veterans knew this and thousands of "
" :  and Thai authorities need to come clean about why and how Nhat returned to Viet Nam after he applied for asylum"
"I'm trying out everyplate this week and first up was the Vietnamese Steak Bowl. Came out great!....----------- "
" I a 2 tour Vietnam Veteran &amp; I appreciate my President &amp; Vice President thanking us for our service. I "
" .. Can you understand Vietnamese?"
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
" : Concern as #Vietnamese Dissident, Wife Expelled by #Germany And Returned to #Vietnam . Veteran rights activist #NguyenQua"
"So   it would appear that several people, including myself, have had bogus copyright claims made "
"#vietnamese #food #market "
" I hear Vietnamese foods lovely"
"All of love for you  Mark's Day 3003 # #MarkSiwat "
" Bentley's every time.  Vietnamese oysters are divine"
" To Weki Meki, Vietnamese Ki-lings love you all so much  can't wait the day Weki Meki go to Vietnam "
"It is quite possible to be a Spanish speaking American Voodoo practitioner of largely African ancestry, identifying "
"Kamer wil onderzoek verdwenen Vietnamese jongeren | NOS "
" :      Yep.  I bet the Hoa (ethnic Chinese) Vietnamese get into less troubl"
" ehh? Are you Vietnamese??"
"Kamer wil onderzoek verdwenen Vietnamese jongeren /via  "
" :          "
"'Zeker 60 Vietnamese kinderen zijn verdwenen na aankomst in Nederland. Ze zaten in beschermde opvangcentra voor all "
"Tientallen Vietnamese kinderen verdwenen uit azc's, Kamer wil onderzoek "
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
"I'm at this barbecue and thank you in Vietnamese sounds a bit like my name. So a Dutch person tried to say thank "
" SCAMMER ALE  RETWEET SO THAT OUR VIETNAMESE ARMYS DON'T GET SCAMMED. "
" :   Yesterday was #VietnamWarVeteransDay   THIS moving appreciation piece, a story from Marine's e"
"1972 (47 years ago): Vietnam War: The Easter Offensive begins after North Vietnamese forces cross into the Demilita "
" Macam la cake dgn vietnamese food takde kat sana... Ni belum lauk lomak cili api, ikan keli ke..."
" : There's a reason the Mekong Delta is called the 'rice bowl' of Vietnam. It's the agricultural heart of southern Vietnam, w"
"Jimin can you see that??  VIETNAM ARMY miss BTS so much   #MMA #JIMIN #ARMYS #Vietnam #Vietnamese "
"Just loving veganzone_hoian Vietnamese vegan food. The best in town!!  VEGAN ZONE HOI AN "
"'Zeker zestig Vietnamese kinderen zijn uit Nederlandse opvang verdwenen' "
" : Most #VietnamVeterans now know their friends and innocent Vietnamese died for no reason."
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into "
"    "
"  Yesterday was #VietnamWarVeteransDay   THIS moving appreciation piece, a story from M "
"SIX YEARS LATER I still get comments in the form As many people have told you, the thing is definitely [Korean / V "
"Six years ago I assumed a visual thing was Chinese. There was a brief flurry of comments sharing opinions that it w "
"        "
"  Same. My grandfather disliked black people. My father liked Walter Payton but never h "
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
"Deprived of citizenship, the Vietnamese of Cambodia live on the edge of society "
" Our pleasure, many thanks for your consideration ( i am Vietnamese )"
" :   Omg when I worked at walmart I was doing a return for this Asian man and his teen daughter and a"
"Child trafficking:://t.co/IjCkReiJzn"
"Waarom komen ze in Navo oefening er niet achter dat er 1000 Vietnamese kinderen zijn ontvoerd,dat belooft wat voor "
"#Health #nq   VIETNAMESE NOODLES|The New Generation: Health Care in Vietnam&gt;( 3:13 )   "
"#Health #nq   VIETNAMESE NOODLES|The New Generation: Health Care in Vietnam&gt;( 3:13 )   "
"#Health #nq   VIETNAMESE NOODLES|The New Generation: Health Care in Vietnam&gt;( 3:13 )   "
"#Health #nq   VIETNAMESE NOODLES|The New Generation: Health Care in Vietnam&gt;( 3:13 )   "
" Look at what the vietnamese did to both US and China. The gap between india and Pakistan isnt tht wi "
"   K  c ,  OK  r c khung bi m tr l nh c "
"    McCain never apologized for murdering all those Vietnamese. He "
"been playing Vietnamese r&amp;b all morning. defff feeling some type of way. "
"Trees: *speaks Vietnamese*:  "
"There's a reason the Mekong Delta is called the 'rice bowl' of Vietnam. It's the agricultural heart of southern Vie "
"Disgusting--&gt;Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
"The Embassy of the United Arab Emirates in Hanoi participates in the Earth Hour 2019 campaign by turning off the li "
"Fight #HumanTrafficking of #Vietnamese in #Britain #UnitedKingdom  #UK #EU should join to fight this scourge "
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
"Silent House (Vietnamese Horror Game) "
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
" I'd rather that they specify and say Filipino or Chinese or Vietnamese, etc. Just saying Asian is la "
"Vietnamese cold brew to save the day "
"        "
"        "
" Don't think the Vietnamese were trying to take over the USA "
"  I go hard on Vietnamese food tho"
" We fought in Vietnam to support crony dictators clinging to power simply because they had a political "
"  Meh, going out soon for my favorite Vietnamese food and then shopping.Its just weather!"
"My report with  in   #LostinEurope                          "
"nineteen  in #Vietnamese "
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
" : The Other Side of Vietnam: How the Winners Remember the War "
"This day in history, March 30, 1975:  Da Nang fell to the North Vietnamese."
"         "
"VIETNAM  MARRIAGE AND PROPEY/REAL ESTATE  DO NOT MARRY  - IT DOES NOT PAY OFF  WHAT YOU MUST KNOW:://t.co/gDlahWKZcA"
"Nieuws over de verdwenen Vietnamezen nu ook  #Lostineurope  "
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain #LostinEurope  "
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain. #lostineurope  "
" Vietnamese nationals are ranked consistently in the top three of groups  identified as potential victims of "
"Th (Vietnamese for Rabbit) on Zora sweatshirt: I think the connection is to the C Chi underground tunnels the V "
" Make sure to in English caption because it a Vietnamese song but I absolutely in love with it OwO and "
"An investigation by the Argos Radio of the Netherlands has revealed that, in the past five years, at l "
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
" : Top ten Lowest Currency in 2019. Iranian Rial .. Vietnamese Dong .  Indonesian Rupiah .  Guinean Franc "
" : Vietnamese Restaurant Review (found art, TripAdvisor, 2017) "
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
"Goed dat de Kamer oproept onderzoek te doen naar #Vietnamese kinderen die verdwijnen uit de Beschermde Opvang. "
"the 2 vietnamese uncc upcoming freshmen i talked to have so much in common with me in terms of our problems with "
"     Yep.  I bet the Hoa (ethnic Chinese) Vietnamese get into less "
" : Teeven benoemde zijn oude Fiod/Imaat Gerard Bakker tot COA-baas, onder zijn supervisie verdwenen er alleenstaande mi"
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into "
"Reveelad: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to eb trafficked into Britain "
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
" : Kamer wil onderzoek verdwenen Vietnamese jongeren. Straks hoor je bij  waarom. #lostineurope  "
"OTOH: it annoying bc I just *know* people mean East Asian and does that imply Asian has become synonymous with Ea "
" :  If you get in vietnamese its for reginald as his grasp of english is poor have a great day : )"
" If you get in vietnamese its for reginald as his grasp of english is poor have a great day : )"
"Vietnam strictly observes disciplines in joining UN peacekeeping operations: Vietnamese "
"Japanese firm eyes stake in ailing Vietnamese bank: By Anh Minh &amp;nbspMarch 30, 2019 | 08:56 "
"earlier in the week Cayden asked me how to say  don want to in vietnamese. I woke him up to tell him to get re "
"Vietnamese Earpers, your country is beautiful! Last stop Saigon  #FightForWynonna #EarpTheWorld "
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
"House-made daikon carrot pickles for Banh mi  #vietnameserestaurant #vietnamesegrill #annam "
"Great place for authentic Vietnamese food. The broth for the pho is exceptional, deep flavor and great price. Give "
" : Qu v c m c nhanh ch v d d  b c c v  cho th ph? m  d c th gi qu v l "
" Ellis uchiha  is only voicing as an anti - colonialist.  far as andy's i don't know about him but e "
"vietnamese chairs: : HA GAY!"
"Kamer wil onderzoek naar verdwenen Vietnamese jongeren - "
"  You said we fought on the wrong side. I completely disagree with you. The reason(s) we fought "
"Revealed: Vietnamese nhildrec vanish rfom Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
"    Remember the Vietnamese officer that shot a prisoner in t "
"Interesting discovery. I perceived the common school of thought was that the Vietnamese coffee was just for me. I b "
"Qu h Anh v Brexit: L ti t b phi "
" : Chicken, lemongrass, and sweet potatoes on their own are pretty great, but when simmered in coconut milk and topped with"
"i did this as well within my first semester of leaving. green ombre. and i did it with the help of my vietnamese cl "
"Th n n ti l c truy th Qu t r nh kh  gi   "
"Speaking of Vietnam, I been craving Vietnamese food. Someone take me to Mai."
"More than 2 million Americans served in the war, more than 58,000 died along with 3 million Vietnamese fighters and "
"     No John McCain was not pardoned for "
"Look familiar hmmm  looks like a Vietnamese ninja lead but in fancy Louis Vuitton's stuff :))  "
"If I had a magic Gitmo wand I be using it on the boomers sitting behind me right now at a charming French-Vietnam "
"The Sloan family need answers on Christian profoundly tragic death. They tell me he was an extremely bright young "
" "
"This Vietnamese soup  is delish "
" Actually more like 1,000,000 men and women lost their lives. Vietnamese are people too."
"THANKS TO MASTER-NIM FOR PRECIOUS PHOTOS  OUT WITH FULL CREDIT  NOT EDIT OR CUT LOGO  HQs BELONG TO OWN "
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into Britain "
"Revealed: Vietnamese children vanish from Dutch shelters to be trafficked into "
"Ok im addicted to italian jamaican vietnamese and mexican food"
"This morning we ate Vietnamese Pho at the OZCF market and it was so authentic and so good I wanted to cry. R70 a bo "
" : C bae iu c tui  ti quan tr nh gi l  em n l N T tr comeback n  ng n , m c"
"  In school over the years you were taught: people were inferior Nations were s "
"This is really confusing. If I eat Mexican or Chinese or Vietnamese or Thai food, it's cultural appropriation. If I "
"  Such brave, brave men with courage. Perseverance, pride and guts. fought for me, you an "
"   M mk nh t n ngo n k c m ph m  t  d . L l "
"Quick and easy: Vietnamese turmeric whisked cucumber burgers! #foodgasm"
"Try lunch at Rice + Pho Vietnamese!"
" This is really confusing. If I eat Mexican or Chinese or Vietnamese or Thai food, it's cultural appropriati "
"Learn and Speak Vietnamese language easily."
" : Regional food isn just fried belly clams in New England or Jucy Lucy in Minneapolis. It Middle Eastern in Detroit and"
"  Stonden deze kinderen soms ook onder toezicht van Artsen zonder Grenzen of Oxfam Novib "
"1000 Vietnamese kinderen ontvoerd door de maffia uit beschermde kinderopvang,nederland oefende deze week in de Navo "
" : #VietnameseNoodles 101: #BanhPho Flat #RiceNoodles by  #Vietnam #Vietnamese #food #cooking #P"
"Vietnamese Restaurant Review (found art, TripAdvisor, 2017) "
" : How to Cook #BanhPho #Vietnam #Vietnamese #food #cooking #Pho #dining #dinner #lun"
" : B m, pho and DIY summer rolls: it's the best of Vietnamese #London | #Vietnam #Vietnamese #food #c"
" : #BanhPho #noodles #Noodle #Vietnam #Vietnamese #food #dining #eatingout #Restaurant #eating #lunch #di"
" : If you like Vietnamese cuisine then this dish is just PHO you. #b "
" : From egg coffee to Ruou gao, Vietnam's gastronomic offerings will delight you #BanhPho"
" : The top 10 countries for Asian food #BanhPho #noodles #Noodle #Vietnam #Vietnamese #food #dining #eati"
"Alle partijen zijn in rep en roer nav de #Argos-uitzending over de verdwenen alleenstaande minderjarige Vietnamese "
" : #Vietnam #Restaurant, #WestHartford #BanhPho #noodles #Noodle #Vietnam #Vietnamese #food #dining #eat"
" : Beyond pho: 10 Vietnamese noodle soups to discover in Houston (and where to find them) "
" : Courtesy of the #LonelyPlanet://t.co/E5IrDACtB2 or lease in monthly installments by arrangement#BanhPho #pho"
" : Six of the best #pho #recipes  #BanhPho #Vietnam #Vietnamese #noodles #noodle #food #dining #Restauran"
" : Banh mi: A migration story wrapped in a fluffy bread roll | SBS Food #BanhPho #noodles #Noodle #Vietna"
" : #Vietnamese flavours in kitchens worldwide - News VietNamNet #BanhPho #noodles #Noodle"
" : 8 must-try dishes to give you a true taste of #Hue #BanhPho #noodles #Noodle #Vietnam #Vietnamese #foo"
" : We blind tested and ranked #Portland's best #banhmi #BanhPho #noodles #Noodle #Vietnam #Vietnamese #fo"
" : 3 New #Vietnamese Spots In #Houston #BanhPho #noodles #Noodle #Vietnam #food #dining"
" : Cooking Dried #BanhPho #Noodles #Noodle #Vietnam #Vietnamese #food #dining #eatingout #Restaurant #eat"
" : How #Vietnamese #immigrants made #BayArea home #BanhPho #noodles #Noodle #Vietnam #food #di"
" : This sizzling #Vietnamese #crepe is the street snack of your dreams | SBS Food #BanhPho #noodles #Nood"
"Tientallen Vietnamese kinderen verdwenen uit azc's, Kamer wil onderzoek "
" : #Pho' is a #Vietnamese #soup consisting of broth, rice noodles called #BanhPho, fresh herbs, meat &amp; primarily made with beef"
" : #Asian Market Know-How: Six #Noodles to Try in Your #Kitchen  #BanhPho #Noodle #Vi"
"Feel refreshed with  Vietnamese summer rolls and their rainbow pearl cocktail dessert. "
" : Battle of the broths: 5 top options for affordable #Vietnamese fare in #Fresno #BanhPho #noo"
"    Again, 58,200 Americans lost their lives-in a war started by the South an "
" is plenty to support Vietnamese growth over the next few years. As companies move out of Korea, Japan, Singa "
"City of Keene, NH approves name of Vietnamese restaurant some considered obscene- Pho Keene Great. "
"We kunnen ons niet gerust laten stellen zonder te weten waar deze kinderen terecht zijn gekomen.   "
"Ina Hut wil dat Europol ook ingeschakeld wordt mbt onderzoek naar de verdwenen Vietnamese asielzoekers. #Argos  "
" I'm sure I have a half Vietnamese sibling also"
" : #BanhPho #pho #Vietnam #Vietnamese #Hanoi #HoChiMinhCity #dining #chef #food #lunch #dinner #cooking #"
" : From #pho to #banhmi: #Vietnam six greatest culinary gifts to #Australia | #SBSFood #B"
" : All pho for the best #BanhPho #noodles #Noodle #Vietnam #Vietnamese #food #dining #eatingout #Restaura"
" : 10 Delicious #Vietnamese Dishes That Aren #Pho #BanhPho #noodles #Noodle #Vietnam #food #dining #eat"
" : #BanhPho #Pho #noodles #Noodle #Vietnam #Vietnamese #food #dining #eatingout #Restaurant #eating #lunc"
" : Vietnamese translation of #NakedLondon is out, people! #SingtosLittleDuck # "
"Tientallen Vietnamese kinderen verdwenen uit azc's, Kamer wil onderzoek - L Nieuws "
"   L theo h d  c"
" : Vietnamese Media reported on Korean stars whose foreign language skills, especially their English is really remarkable. J"
"   Nhi  "
"Brokering Domain Name://t.co/p8SqdubWFv://t.co/LoFqH1PNoR#BanhPho #noodles #Noodle "
" :  CHO B T IOS: app r l theo h d  for  !!!--- NGUBTSVN "
" : H nay n b  ki  m.n,  khi b  c th vote ngay ! for   NGUBTSVN "
" : Th 1 v ca kh d  c n c trong danh s n l ' Attack on Bangtan, Young forever , Boyz with fun , Hous"
" : [ MORE ] kh  s LIVE trong 5th Muster s t v th 6  Bighit '  m ' trong  Magic Shop s ki"
" : ' INVITATION from #MAGICSHOP '#5THMUSTER #BTS  "
" : [C NH 30.03 ]               STREAM+  : 484.4M+     ( 15.5M N ): 525.1M+: 679.3M+"
" : For Sale name://t.co/BMfHGfgDZF monthly installments by arrangement#banhpho #pho #Vietnam #Vietnamese"
"Ich hoffe es ist kein Vietnamese drinne... "
" : Domain Name for Sale://t.co/BMfHGfgDZF #BanhPho #noodles #Noodle #Vietnam #Vietnamese #food #dining #eatingout"
" :  #Vietnam #Vietnamese #food #dining #eatingout #Restaurant #eating #"
" : #BanhPho #noodles #Noodle #Vietnam #Vietnamese #food #dining #eatin"
"   T IOS hay Android cho d t th"
"Regional food isn just fried belly clams in New England or Jucy Lucy in Minneapolis. It Middle Eastern in Det "
" : I feel like at this point y already know where her hair is from  bundle (20) closure install with  Vi"
"Het leger waakt over u, maar ze kunnen nog geen 1000 Vietnamese  kinderen tegen de Maffia beschermen,dat belooft wa "
" : Cinnamon Brownie! Vietnamese cinnamon ice cream with a #glutenfree brownie in the middle!  "
"   Ok  c"
" : This was such a pretty install :    Vietnamese "
" :  don look natural:  said that??!  hair from  "
"Cinnamon Brownie! Vietnamese cinnamon ice cream with a #glutenfree brownie in the middle!  "
"Classic good Vietnamese food. Mixed Soya Glass Noodles with Chicken.  Cao Vietnamese Restaurant "
"vietnamese flu medicine tastes like grass jelly, yum. i drink the bottle if i could "
" : Nederland anno 2019 nou begrijp ik niet wat kinderen uit Vietnam hier moeten, maar dat nog even daar gelaten. Vie"
"The lorax speaks for the trees, the trees speak Vietnamese "
"Vietnamese Tonite "
"Kamer wil onderzoek naar verdwenen Vietnamese jongeren: De Tweede Kamer wil meer aandacht voor de verdwijning van t "
" be #beautiful means to be yourself. You don need to be accepted by others. You need to #accept yourself. "
" :   I'm Sarah.) a proud mom of Hispanic children. My 2 best friends are Dominican &amp; Vietname"
"I know who's greater between the Whites and Vietnamese. When the Vietnamese turned away and berated Amerasians, it "
" : Kamer wil onderzoek naar verdwenen Vietnamese jongeren "
"I remember last year Rhys kinda trended on Vietnamese blogs cuz some guy on Facebook saw pictures of her modelling "
" : Breakfast of champions.#banhpho #pho #noodles #Vietnam #Vietnamese #food #dining #business #entrepreneur #cooking #GBBO #food"
" : #pho #banhpho #noodles #noodlewars #noodlegate #Vietnam #Vietnamese #food #dining  "
"The Viet Cong and NVA used the C Chi underground tunnels during the Vietnam War in order to combat better-supplied "
"So the Vietnamese Bachelor contestants that fell in love are still together and they are so cute!  "
"  My take: The Viet Cong and NVA used the C Chi underground tunnels during the Vietnam War in "
"Egypt GASC gets offers for Indian, Chinese and Vietnamese rice in tender: traders #india #indiabiz"
"Kamer wil onderzoek naar verdwenen Vietnamese jongeren "
"Nederland anno 2019 nou begrijp ik niet wat kinderen uit Vietnam hier moeten, maar dat nog even daar gelaten. "
" The Viet Cong and NVA used the C Chi underground tunnels during the Vietnam War in order to combat bette "
"  Trump dodged the draft, Ali, took his fight to the Supreme Court and his argument was,... "
" "
"Teeven benoemde zijn oude Fiod/Imaat Gerard Bakker tot COA-baas, onder zijn supervisie verdwenen er alleenstaande "
"Vietnamese Ambassador congratulates Laos on Party founding anniversary - http:-en.vietnamplus.vn  "
"Vangen we nu ook al mensen uit Vietnam op???  "
"Vietnamese contractor secures work in Malaysia and Indonesia "
" : #BREAKING: #Vietnam makes record 9.1tonne seizure of #ivory at Da Nang Tien Sa port, which came from #Congo. News in Vietn"
"OTD in 1972 North Vietnamese launch Nguyen Hue Offensive"
" : Today we visited with students from VIN school in Saigon &amp; they taught us to play Vietnamese instruments before our bi"
"Tientallen Vietnamese kinderen verdwenen uit azc's, Kamer wil onderzoek "
"      Aww, the guys that massacred entire "
"Vietnamese delegation offers gifts to children in "
"Food tastes better when you share it with people you love! My heart was so full watching my friends try to make the "
" :   You be speaking Vietnamese if it wasn for those brave troops, young man"
" :  | Article [AMP] | Reuters "
" T Th Cang nh nhi v m "
" So bombing innocent Vietnamese men, women and children make you brave and patriotic...interesting."
"VIETNAMESE TRANS[#DONGHYUN] L h quay phim v Joochanie trong ph t v m bu t m r h/tr "
"  My wife says Hawaiian Kona bean coffee is the best she's ever had. Usually prefers lots m "
"  Well, about a million Vietnamese people would still be alive. That's the only meaningful difference"
"meanwhile i still can pronounce i love you in vietnamese... after two months of trying"
" : Over 10,000 child migrants have disappeared after arriving in Europe. Today an excellent team of Dutch investigative jou"
"Tientallen Vietnamese kinderen verdwenen uit azc's, Kamer wil onderzoek "
" 60 Vietnamese kinderen verdwenen #spoorloos uit de beschermde opvang in Nederland. #Mensenhandel? "
"Found this tonight so tried  with friends as we enjoyed a Vietnamese meal. Was perfect. #peppertreeswines "
"Tientallen Vietnamese kinderen verdwenen uit azc's, Kamer wil onderzoek "
" : Another Vietnamese Version of my one and only #NakedLondon Chapter 1 is out!! Thank you so much for your work, I couldn be"
" : 'Zeven Vietnamese kinderen spoorloos verdwenen uit opvangcentra van zorggroep Jade in Zuidlaren' (November 2015)."
" Oh, I agree. I am of that generation, and many of my friends were veterans, including the guy I dated "
"#WomensHistoryMonth The Trung Sisters were heroines of the 1st Vietnamese independence movement, who headed a rebel "
"Your $85 ticket includes a 4-course meal, a glass of wine AND a signed copy of Kim's brand new cookbook, Secrets fr "
"We are partnering with our fabulous neighbour The Passionate Cook's Essentials and Bistro () to prepar "
"The Other Side of Vietnam: How the Winners Remember the War "
"Vietnamese translation of #NakedLondon is out, people! #SingtosLittleDuck #  "
" Les Mis in the original French. A Funny Thing in Latin. Miss Saigon with *real* Vietnamese language bits."
"#shogi #JapaneseChess [VietnamPlus]Shogi (Japanese chess), and Kendama (literally  a "
"Skip ordering takeout tonight and make an Asian-inspired recipe at home! Chinese-, Thai-, Vietnamese-, and Japanese "
" I am Glad you  This Up. had The Impression these  Having Threesomes "
" : On this Vietnam War Veterans Day let's also remember the 55,000 young Americans whose lives were cut short and the millions"
"Mushroom Kale Lasagna Order by Midnight Sunday! - "
" you speak vietnamese,,?? "
"  Good old John McCain, or as the vietnamese cal him, SONGBIRD. He's a true traitor to t "
" t weibo c v  vi ng Trung Qu h m Khi v tr b Wang Shiyue (b c c Liu Xinyu). C "
"You know i will speak Vietnamese. But sometimes. Maybe english... GET READY FOR #EarthHour2019 ://t.co/JTvAKXqPAa"
"     Are you referring to 'Songbird McCain' who "
"Another Vietnamese Version of my one and only #NakedLondon Chapter 1 is out!! Thank you so much for your work, I co "
" thanks vietnam vets for killing Vietnamese farmers and non-combatants in order to preserve us hegemo "
"Tientallen Vietnamese kinderen verdwenen uit azc's, Kamer wil onderzoek "
" Good lord I had to look up what dong was... the first thing that came up was the Vietnamese currenc "
" WE SHOULD! We have called ours Lohn and he is Vietnamese. What is sharks name?"
"Vietnamese Iced Coffee is so good. "
"Gates also relayed a question posed by Walt Slocombe (Defense) about whether there was any merit in  the So "
" : 03may #France Deadline for Vietnamese artists to apply for art residencies in France "
" : I was pissed. What the hell does that mean? How can you tell me that my writing, which is about a Vietnamese American charact"
"Many of the 140 Vietnamese whose names are on the tablets came to Japan  on a  trainee program that acts "
"Vietnamese coffee is like crack to people who normally don indulge themselves with caffeine - aka me."
" The Vietnamese small biz opportunists ought to learn this lesson. Hundred thousands of Vietnamese inland got s "
"Simply Pho: A Complete Course in Preparing Authentic Vietnamese Meals at Home. By Helen Le "
"[VTRANS/FANFIC] NAKED LONDON 1 is out. Come to read it~~    for lettin "
"Wow haha #vietnamese "
"    You know nothing about Vietnam or the Vietnamese people. "
"The best Asian cuisine in order: Vietnamese, Filipino, Thai, Korean, Middle East, Chinese, Japanese, Indian."
" I doubt any of them became welfare problems expensing the State.  The Vietnamese refugees I knew work "
"12. vietnamese . lizards"
"Merkte het personeel dat daar werkt niets of zo??  Verdwenen uit een beschermde omgeving. Ik moet meteen denken aan "
" In my local Vietnamese drink and dessert shops that's a common flavor combo, so... yes?"
" : thank you vietnamese ELFs for singing happy birthday for hyukjae hyung  i sense that he is very touched  "
" Hai: 1. A Vietnamese common male's name. 2. A weird way of saying 'hi' in... "
"Vietnamese delegation offers gifts to children in Lesotho: Vietnamese delegation offers "
"#SaveTheChildren #HOLLAND #lost #60 "
"Tin n 24h | Tai n giao th ch ng  k l  n 2019://t.co/zkIJTBYI1u Ti Vi "
"Goed dat er onderzoek komt Vietnamese kinderen verdwenen uit azc's, Kamer wil onderzoek | L Nieuws "
" : Four years after members of the British Cave Research Association concluded their initial exploration and declared it the w"
"sooo just found out na ang middle name ng lola ko nung maiden sya is Dao, which is a surname commonly used in vietn "
" :  Mana pasingot hangak ang tambok gamay ra migawas kay hangin2 man d i sa gawas...unya mgwarm-up pa unta"
" : . onderzoekt de vermissing van tientallen Vietnamese kinderen. Dit en meer hoor je vandaag op NPO Radio 1: https"
" : Tientallen Vietnamese kinderen verdwenen uit azc's, Kamer wil onderzoek "
" tin RFA | Li Hi Qu ch tr Vi Nam v th t nh quy://t.co/YFiYx8gM3Z Ti Vi "
" : Zeker zestig Vietnamese kinderen uit Nederlandse AZC's zijn spoorloos: "
" Mana pasingot hangak ang tambok gamay ra migawas kay hangin2 man d i sa gawas...unya mgwarm-up pa un "
"The debate over flags can be a bit idiotic due to double standards and identity politics, something that I've witne "
"Ngo tr M: V  con  v  nh t c Trung Qu l gi nhau-03-29 "
"By the way, Pho in Hyuk's ment is a type of thick rice noodle, Vietnamese traditional food.  "
"Tweet translated to Vietnamese, Ukrainian, Slovak, Hmong Daw, Norwegian, Romanian, Lithuanian, Portuguese, Welsh, P "
"Mexico is coo and all, but I really need some Vietnamese food in my life at this point. "
"L  c cao ngh h c l ch d v ch cho ?-03-29://t.co/HKcs3LlXQE "
"Just accidentally photobombed a Vietnamese wedding photo in the hotel we staying...didn think they be at the "
"Ho Chi Minh, known as Uncle Ho, is the symbol of Vietnamese liberation #TakeABreak #VietnamTrip #VietnamTrip2019 "
"Vi, v b l di t: th quen hay v  th?-03-29://t.co/AzFDekew2p://t.co/eUF5Ah0K5z "
"  Guess what? He serving now as Commander In Chief. True he not fighting Vietnames "
"Comparison of Genomic Driver Oncogenes in Vietnamese Patients With Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer in the United States "
"Ti v Ba V:    l ! Th-03-29 - 3-29-2019://t.co/7pizjYS91T "
" Ban B v Quy L Ng VN hoan ngh k lu c Li Hi Qu 03-29-2019://t.co/SEQW1YVLST "
" : The Carbon Footprint of Vietnamese Robusta: Problem and Potential "
"Li Hi Qu ch tr th t nh quy c Vi Nam 03-29-2019://t.co/a9bwMCxHSK "
"  100 per cent correct. Also valid for all foods except vietnamese rolls"
"Tientallen Vietnamese kinderen verdwenen uit azc's, Kamer wil onderzoek "
" The Vietnamese War museum and Cu Chi tunnels were the best thing I saw in Ho Chi Minh"
" Wat ik me naast dit bijzondere gegeven dan ook nog wel afvraag is dit:...Wat doen Vietnamese kindere "
"Our first feature film of the day is CAMOUFLAGE: VIETNAMESE BRUSH STROKES WITH HISTORY directed by Bestor Cram scre "
"Skip ordering takeout tonight and make an Asian-inspired recipe at home! Chinese-, Thai-, Vietnamese-, and Japanese "
"Montauk in Nederland: Zeker 60 Vietnamese kinderen verdwenen uit 'beschermde' opvang in Nederland."
"G 5 tri l kh qu t  Vi Nam trong 3 th  n 2019-03-29://t.co/Af9XD93AKO "
"03may #France Deadline for Vietnamese artists to apply for art residencies in France "
"Don't give up!  Check out our fun #Vietnamese video lessons!  ://t.co/a71VAmW5EP "
" Wat ik me naast dit bijzondere gegeven dan ook nog wel afvraag is dit:...Wat doen Vietnamese kinderen nu "
"Kamer wil onderzoek verdwenen Vietnamese jongeren: Een meerderheid in de Tweede Kamer wil dat er een onderzoek komt "
"H h t c tr C Linh - H -03-29://t.co/ijTLbKiBN2 "
" ( Vietnamese Water Puppet Show in Ho Chi Minh City, ) "
"Tai n giao th khi 1.900 ng ch trong qu  n 2019-03-29://t.co/RI5EZKE40U "
" : Kamer wil onderzoek verdwenen Vietnamese jongeren  "
"To map #Vietnam post-war exodus, artist Tiffany Chung deep research, began with her own father past. Her fath "
"Trung Qu s  t tu tra 10.000 t  ti-03-28://t.co/9GTQqBq9tc "
" : Easter Offenssive begins after North Vietnamese cross the DMZ into south Vietnam #otd in 1972 "
" :   Just how disciplined can a Latin American military be? Unlike East Asians like North Koreans &amp; Vi"
"Ho Anh Gia Lai ph h c bu b thu h   Campuchia-03-29://t.co/WnyOW4ypXG "
"Wat is een beschermde opvang waard als kinderen hieruit onder de ogen van de autoriteiten verdwijnen? "
"Li Vi Nam s ch    c d nh Trung Qu? H RFA-03-29://t.co/Ve7KxKnSa1 "
"  yep, northern medicine (chinese) and southern medicine (vietnamese) are based on the same  ph "
" Especially to Veterans like John McCain who endured such torture at the hands of the Vietnamese"
"        Is it okay with you for "
" : Ryan has adopted a Vietnamese child and has named them Hogarth"
" These are interesting (and sad) points you bring up.  I live in a city in Massachusetts in which th "
" :  #news #notizie://t.co/8Aw5xN2lL0"
"Kijk van dit soort berichten word ik boos en verdrietig... arme kinderen....Tientallen Vietnamese kinderen verdwene "
"the daughter's shirt in Us said rabbit (th) in vietnamese on it omg I was wondering why her shirt would say tho until I saw the accent lol"
"Lees Tientallen Vietnamese kinderen verdwenen uit azc's, Kamer wil onderzoek op Nieuwsblik - "
" : Je recommande chaudement aux twittos dont les parents sont boat-people Vietnamien de lire ces deux BD:- The Best We Could -"
"Did you know?  Vietnamese-influenced summer rolls are filled with cooked #shrimp, rice noodles, and plenty of fresh "
"Kamer wil onderzoek verdwenen Vietnamese jongeren  "
" I mainly think in my 1st lang (english) but if im speaking other langs (Vietnamese, spanish, or japanese "
"Canada: Ghi  b m t s  l Th t Justin Trudeau "
" A sad and important read. As a teenager the arrogance and cruelty of the Vietnam war showed me the collapse "
"THANKS TO MASTER-NIM FOR PRECIOUS PHOTOS  OUT WITH FULL CREDIT  NOT EDIT OR CUT LOGO  HQs BELONG TO OWN "
"  awww  m Vi Nam  it is Vietnamese bread"
" funny that nobody knows about diamond exchange in vietnam except henry, no vietnamese newspaper no people "
" I Vietnamese"
"Vietnamese ELFs have been counting days and years until we can see Super Junior again  Cho nhau 1 c h  n c "
" My phone still at services so i don't know what you mean and also i am vietnamese so the translated of the o "
"kamer wil onderzoek .... .Tientallen Vietnamese kinderen verdwenen uit azc's, Kamer wil onderzoek "
"Li Vi Nam s ch   ... "
"Saw a Vietnamese restaurant today called,  Ever. I bet whoever came up with that name is pretty fucking please "
" Vietnam war was an unnecessary war. My thoughts go with all the American servicemen that paid a pr "
"Tientallen Vietnamese kinderen verdwenen uit azc's, Kamer wil onderzoek "
"Needs more Vietnamese Coriander on this Fromenteau from #Ma - Hunter Streams - 59pts"
"Man. The Vietnamese history is wild o.'We lived under two oppressors'"
"My Vietnamese friend got a call from his dad and they got in a really heated conversation in Vietnamese and then wh "
" Local Vietnamese goodness"
"Same thing happened re: Vietnam war when people are accusing USSR of imperialism for supporting the North Vietnames "
" : African Swine Fever Spreads To Another Vietnamese Province://t.co/IEIhXLMuHy "
" : In de afgelopen 5 jaar verdwenen er 60 Vietnamese kinderen uit de beschermde opvang. Zeer zorgelijk, signaal komt oa u"
"  If you did a little more research, you might find that Vietnam was not a war, there was no honor in "
"        Ukraine, Bangladesh, V "
"Wat verschrikkelijk...... "
"#OTD 1965 Car bomb explodes outside the US Embassy in #Saigon. 2 Americans &amp; 20 Vietnamese are killed. Nearly 200 are wounded."
"How to make Vietnamese coffee "
" The only people I will celebrate and feel sorry for are the Vietnamese people that suffered your U "
"Doorbraak!  wil nu ook een onderzoek naar verdwijningen van Vietnamese jongeren. "
" : Marchande de durian au march flottant de Cai Rang au Vietnam. (2008)#asie #asian #asia #voyage #vietnam #vietnamien #v"
"Hanging with us this weekend?...#vietnamesefood #vietnam #foodporn #food #foodie #pho #instafood #vietnamese "
"03~24apr #Hanoi A solo exhibition of multilayered paintings by Vietnamese artist Nguyen The Hung in New York "
"Vietnamese Pho Restaurant - #promo"
"The Carbon Footprint of Vietnamese Robusta: Problem and Potential  #coffee "
" :   lets take a moment to remember that LBJ, the Democrats, and the anti war movement (support"
"COMMUNITY WORK IN VIETNAM: one of our community service project. World challenge partners up with community lea "
"#Resettled Spaces The #Home: The #Vietnamese Experience in the UK us at Vivian Comma Close, London, "
"Blij dat deze signalen eindelijk worden opgepakt. Nu nog doorpakken #EMM #Kmar  Kamer wil onderzoek verdwenen Vietn "
"Kamer wil onderzoek verdwenen Vietnamese jongeren "
" (Vietnamese traditional wedding) -  ^^ "
"Vietnamese children are disappearing in Holland "
"Grand opening of the restaurant... Bono all  eating dinner with beloved family at Vietnamese Center "
"Vietnamese #startup Student Life Care operates in 80 cities in popular destinations for studying overseas like the "
" Right. I did tweet some stuff briefly on the go earlier, but here's the earwax/BO/sweat thing again on th "
" : Taster's Korean fried chicken, Hawaiian poke bowls and Vietnamese plates are now all available on  "
"V ch Ba V 'c tr nhi c ch quy'? "
"does anyone here have any vietnamese food souvenir recommendations? my boss is coming back and she's asking me what i want "
"Taster's Korean fried chicken, Hawaiian poke bowls and Vietnamese plates are now all available on  "
""
"Old South Vietnamese Camouflage Shirt Jacket Camo Vietnam War  ARVN  Army Ranger Check it out $53.00 #vietnamwar "
"   350000 Americans died in a victory to end slavery  no longer creates interme "
" : It's a Vietnamese finger biscuitI think you mean Viennese Javi..."
"Top legislator hopes for friendship between Vietnamese, Moroccan localities: &gt;&gt;&gt; Vietnamese "
" : Vietnamese economy expanded 6.79% in Jan-March period, according to official statistics "
"Vietnam is a war that is often demonized and misunderstood, but the truth is that if it wasn't for those brave sold "
"Chinese'm Filipino  "
"In totaal verdwenen ongeveer 1000 kinderen die als alleenstaande vreemdeling in Nederland zijn aangemeld. De NL "
"Kamer wil onderzoek verdwenen Vietnamese jongeren. Straks hoor je bij  waarom. #lostineurope "
" hello, sorry for bothering you. Your art is so cute and I was attracted at first sight &gt; &lt;Can I translate "
" Zijn alle 60 kinderen nog altijd spoorloos? doemscenario is verschrikkelijk. heb i "
"V ngh cu tu (93) Nh v Tr C S | SBS Your Language "
"It's a Vietnamese finger biscuitI think you mean Viennese Javi..."
"Zeker zestig Vietnamese kinderen verdwenen de afgelopen vijf jaar spoorloos uit de beschermde opvang.  "
" Aww haha. Okie, I'm going to slumber now, so I hope you get your Vietnamese food today or tomorrow and s "
" : Vietnamese customs has seized over nine tonnes of ivory in a container shipment from the Republic of Congo, thought to be t"
"Een kind kan moeilijk opstaan tegen de Vietnamese maffia, maar samenwerkende overheden moeten dat wel kunnen. Onder "
"#dinner #Vietnamese #beef #pho #ricenoodles #delicious+ "
"  I like my kittens Vietnamese style. "
"#banhpho #pho #noodles #noodlewars #NOODLE #food #dining #business #entrepreneur #cooking "
" : Kamer wil onderzoek verdwenen Vietnamese jongeren, beluister Argos | NOS "
" : Goes to T Festival for Vietnamese culture for Vietnamese culture: "
"Thai  (bec of language skills) "
""
"Th th em ch c th t phi b the show cho c ch v  Weki Meki fighting!! Vietnamese Ki-lings always b "
" : Did you know?  A summer roll is a Vietnamese style dish, wrapped in fresh rice paper?. a lovely day! :). Lo"
"Tientallen Vietnamese kinderen verdwenen uit beschermde opvanglocaties "
"chinese dutch "
""
"With the 52nd batch 1000 Missionary Movement missionaries in the persons of  Kyeboard, a Vietnamese and Adonis Montac, a Filipino"
"Kamer wil onderzoek verdwenen Vietnamese jongeren, beluister Argos | NOS "
" : "
" Steeds als je denkt dat het niet erger kan.... en wat doen Vietnamese kinderen hier? Komen ze alleen? Is het daar onveilig?"
" : Ph t tr cao #Hanoi #vietnam #Vietnamese #ph #hanoipho "
"Kamer wil onderzoek verdwenen Vietnamese jongeren | NOS "
"omg that vietnamese juice yonggu hyung was holding so that a revenge game?://t.co/IvCUG7URzW "
"DAILY MENU: Vietnamese spice naruto dosa with tonkotsu doenjang $92 Thai spice tacos "
"Dit verhaal is echt bi-zar | Kamer wil onderzoek verdwenen Vietnamese jongeren /via  "
"Fuck I love vietnamese food"
"So kahit Asyano ako, feeling ko mas naging Asyano ako kagabi. Nyahaha #vietnamese"
"  Just how disciplined can a Latin American military be? Unlike East Asians like North "
"Leestip! Over de 'Vietnamese maffia' en de uitbuitingstentakels die ook (zouden) reiken tot Nederland. "
"Guys, i need yalls help to report this Vietnamese facebook grp, the grp is full of antis speading lies about b*s  d "
"PIB Cup #  #  #  #RWC2019  "
"Kamer wil onderzoek verdwenen Vietnamese jongeren - "
"#terecht Kamer wil onderzoek verdwenen Vietnamese jongeren /via  "
"Happy preggy again Thank you ate Sha and family for these yummy Vietnamese Dessert (made by a vietnamese talaga) "
"I guess I too could done a tweet thread about every single  &amp;  moment dissecting the movie "
" : Playing Around in the Beach City of Nha Trang Vietnam. Lovely beaches and great people.  The Vietnamese love Americans.  It"
"  Pakistanis, Indians, Chinese, Vietnamese, Thai, Lebanese etc.  safe and sound!"
" Omg are you vietnamese???"
"nh h noun meaning theater in Vietnamese #Vietnamese #theater"
"Simplicity of Vietnamese rice paper rolls - the perfect starter #thefearlesskitchen ........#eventcatering "
"There are a lot of white immigrants in South Africa, fro Europe, Russia, Ukraine, Estonia, Bulgaria etc. There are "
" : Thinking today, as always, of the millions of lives destroyed by capitalist wars of aggression. of the immense sac"
"BBC News Ti Vi - Trump  y c Kim chuy giao h nh qua m t gi "
" : #Vietnam exports mangoes to 40 countries around the #world. The nation held a ceremony in Hanoi to celebrate the start of Vi"
"Vietnamese Media reported on Korean stars whose foreign language skills, especially their English is really remarka "
"In Vietnamese folklore, Ong Troi, the   Heavens, is the creator of the heavens and the earth. "
"In Vietnamese folklore, Ong Troi, the   Heavens, is the creator of the heavens and the earth. "
"The Carbon Footprint of Vietnamese Robusta: Problem and Potential "
"Vietnamese beekeeping garb. Flip flops and a hat. "
" : As evidence of the North Vietnamese attention given the site, in Jan '68 the North Vietnamese sent a flight of An-2 aircr"
"  Went for brekkie which used to be okay. Not so okay anymore. Even their vietnamese i "
" idk i searched up fenty and geisha chic and there are a good number of results. i guess they might've "
"In de afgelopen 5 jaar verdwenen er 60 Vietnamese kinderen uit de beschermde opvang. Zeer zorgelijk, signaal komt o "
" : Vietnamese Authorities Control Spread of #AfricanSwineFever #ASF with the Use of #NuclearderivedTechniques "
"Late night Vietnamese food cravings"
"LAATSTE NIEUWS! Korpschef P.J. Aalbersberg (Amsterdam) stelt 100 rechercheurs beschikbaar voor zoektocht naar verdw "
"BREAKING! Burgemeester P. Krikke (Den Haag) wil 'grote nachtelijke mars door de stad' voor de verdwenen asiel-kids "
"We will open ://t.co/SKG6JuRLE9#pho #Torontopho #delicious #delicious_food #Vietnamese_Restaurant  #Toronto "
" So amazing and awesome  Vietnamese Elfs  "
" : Vietnamese hacking group, APT32, has targeted global auto manufacturers with a phishing campaign in an effort to suppor"
"EX-OM TOPMAN VINCENT LEENDERS LEIDT ONDERZOEK VERDWENEN KIDS UIT VIETNAM! Kindersmokkel-paus H. Bolhaar: 'We hebben "
" : Learn why the  Horasis Asia Meeting is so important for the development of the Vietnamese economy (video in Viet"
" : Ik meld het nog maar eens: tussen 14:00 en 15:00 in .  wil onderzoek verdwenen Vietnamese jongeren https:"
"'Zeker zestig Vietnamese kinderen zijn uit Nederlandse opvang verdwenen' "
"#celebritysextape #dwarfsex #vietnamese "
"  The Vietnamese Drag queen chose Mariah or do you not watch the show"
"Vietnamese Funny, Vietnam, Local Funny "
" Maybe you will get the unredacted version in Vietnamese..."
" : [Z-Boys&amp;Z-Girls]  A Record of Promotions in Vietnam 2 were happy thanks to the attention and love we received from"
""
"   17 - :25: "
"Ben benieuwd of Micha Kat nog een uitnodiging krijgt om de kamer te helpen bij dit nieuwe 'onderste steen'-onderzoe "
"17 - :25: "
"This Recently-Opened Montreal Restaurant Serves Authentic Vietnamese Cuisine - MTL Blog #Restaurants"
"Vouwen denkelijk heerlijke loumpias    !!! En dan zo uitgeserveerd uit een omgebouwde caravan die je vaak op  A1 lo "
"In totaal verdwenen ongeveer 1000 kinderen die als alleenstaande vreemdeling in Nederland zijn aangemeld. De NL "
"Trump  y c Kim chuy giao h nh qua m t gi "
"The morning after the Vietnamese takeaway.  When the scales say 'skip breakfast and lunch' but the leftovers say 'eat me!'"
"Do you understand Vietnamese "
" :  Hi! I'm Catherine, a first-gen Vietnamese-American PhD student currently studying the behavioral endocrinology"
"  That hate was regrettable. That war was regrettable. How many Vietnamese died in their "
"In de afgelopen 5 jaar verdwenen 60 Vietnamese kinderen uit de Beschermde opvang. Ze zaten daar omdat ze kwetsbaar "
"  You forgot about the Vietnamese. I so admire that country's resilience. They repelled the Fre "
"  May be true. It is known that there is a serious shortage of women of marriageable age "
"'Zeker zestig Vietnamese kinderen zijn uit Nederlandse opvang verdwenen' "
"#asian #gay #gayviet #gayasian #gayboy #gaykiss #vietnamese #vietboy #gaytwink #gaylife "
" But Vietnamese mint, coriander and n ch are the holy trinity of Vietnamese food!"
"The traditional vietnamese noodle soup that is significant for vietnamese cuisine is usually made out of chicken b "
" : Zeker zestig Vietnamese kinderen zijn uit Nederlandse opvang verdwenen...    https://"
" Vietnamese parents are ridiculous"
"It's so entertaining seeing my Vietnamese roommate trying to sing songs in English even though he can't pronounce s "
"30 years alone amongst the nature Henry David Thoreau, a Vietnamese family, Mr Nguy V Long lives alone  s "
"    Still waiting to hear about the 1 good thing McCain did to "
"Lees Kamer wil onderzoek verdwenen Vietnamese jongeren op Nieuwsblik - "
"Makan with dear friends. We went exploring in Joo Chiat and found an intriguing Vietnamese place. Next visit. "
"   Still waiting to hear about the 1 good thing McCain did to offset: Forresta "
" : Uncredited Vic Gallucci playing the waiter , in the episode  Untouchables  scene recorded at Julius Restaurant, 39 Upper S"
"'Zeker zestig Vietnamese kinderen zijn uit Nederlandse opvang verdwenen'. Eens met Bolhaar: onaanvaardbaar en vraag "
" EaterNY Di An Di in Greenpoint is known just as much for its design as it is for standout Vietnamese food "
"A majority of the Dutch parliament wants an investigation after relevaltions by #Lostineurope that 60 Vietnamese ch "
"Ik meld het nog maar eens: tussen 14:00 en 15:00 in .  wil onderzoek verdwenen Vietnamese jongere "
"Kamer wil onderzoek verdwenen Vietnamese jongeren. Straks hoor je bij  waarom. #lostineurope  "
"Tweede Kamer wil onderzoek naar tientalen verdwenen Vietnamese jongeren uit opvanglocaties voor asielzoekers, na ui "
"Save the date!  the heat!! you all in our grand opening on april 6,2019  onwards!! Dagupan "
"How good Vietnamese mint?"
"Kamer wil onderzoek verdwenen Vietnamese jongeren.://t.co/E7dGp6ijss meerderheid in de Tweede Kamer wil "
"Di An Di in Greenpoint is known just as much for its design as it is for standout Vietnamese food "
"Kamer wil onderzoek verdwenen Vietnamese jongeren "
"'Zeker zestig Vietnamese kinderen zijn uit Nederlandse opvang verdwenen' "
" : My most heartfelt gratitude to the more than 2.7m Americans who served in the Vietnam War, including 58,220 killed. The explo"
" : Zeker 60 Vietnamese kinderen met onbekende bestemming verdwenen uit opvang "
"I asked my mom how to say  in vietnamese &amp; she started laughing"
"Kamer wil onderzoek verdwenen Vietnamese jongeren "
"Baker Hughes, a GE Company is hiring in Kuala Lumpur, Federal Territory of Kuala Lum, Malaysia! Read about our late "
"Zeker 60 Vietnamese kinderen met onbekende bestemming verdwenen uit opvang "
"Kamer wil onderzoek verdwenen Vietnamese jongeren "
" : Senator  is in the house! This is what representation looks like!!! #TeamLorena is proud to support the Viet"
"Kamer wil onderzoek verdwenen Vietnamese jongeren"
" :  CHUA()"
"Today we visited with students from VIN school in Saigon &amp; they taught us to play Vietnamese instruments before our "
"Kamer wil onderzoek verdwenen Vietnamese jongeren "
" Sure, Vietnam is low-lying country very affected by climate change so that makes sense. But where did yo "
"I so in love with Vietnamese food. #vietnamesefood #newzealand #auckland #yummy #tasty  Le Vietnamese Kitchen "
"I live in a town with no Vietnamese restaurants and tbh this is just heartbreaking "
"I really miss the Vietnamese food in Houston. There nothing around here in New York."
"Lovely moment under the sunrise! #lovelymoments #sunrise #sister #cousin #sunlight #sun #beach #thesea #sea "
"Texas has great Vietnamese food. I've had Pho in Texas as good as I've had in Vietnam."
"Buddhist nun prays for Vietnamese workers who died in Japan "
"Don't lose yourself ! brave. Be strong !#gay #asiangay #Vietnamese "
"This Vietnamese meatball soup is a delicious, fuss-free meal that is both nutritious and healing. It also very ve "
" Vietnamese silk - Silk scraf  - Best #Vietnam_souvenirs :)#Nhasilk - 149 De Tham District 1 HCMC "
"       In Feb 1968, the US r "
" : #Horasis Chairman Frank-J Richter discussing the young, entrepreneurial-minded Vietnamese population helping make this"
"Zeker zestig Vietnamese kinderen zijn uit Nederlandse opvang verdwenen...    "
" : Stacy Kenworthy, CEO of , speaks with local Vietnamese news media about growing foreign investment into Vietnam."
"   wa_11 trust me the south vietnamese had no such dreams. They wanted the "
"[Trans] Eunhyuk Ig: Thank you because of waiting us for a long time! Hope (we) can meet you guys soon again! "
"  That battle was a Vietnamese on Vietnamese battle not any Americans were involved in that f "
". onderzoekt de vermissing van tientallen Vietnamese kinderen. Dit en meer hoor je vandaag op NPO Radio "
"  People in Lot of cultures eat dogs....Chinese, Koreans, Vietnamese !  Its just another meat."
"(update chara): seraphngn i been to vietnam but i not vietnamese, i malaysian^^"
"Wat Wat Wat????? Zeker zestig Vietnamese kinderen zijn uit Nederlandse opvang verdwenen "
"Zeker zestig Vietnamese kinderen zijn uit Nederlandse opvang verdwenen "
"After posting a reduction last year, the Vietnamese merger and acquisition (M&amp;A) market is expected to grow this ye "
"#Vietnam exports mangoes to 40 countries around the #world. The nation held a ceremony in Hanoi to celebrate the st "
"I've just eaten a whole basil plant. Am I #healthy yet? food is too good and it's true. "
"marami ka rin bang kaklaseng filipino?  wala man akong kaklaseng fil. although may ibang asians pero halos chinese "
"Five Corners: Monday Special, Apr 1 2019  Five Corners Vietnamese Restaurant, #Food_&amp;_Drink"
"Easter Offenssive begins after North Vietnamese cross the DMZ into south Vietnam #otd in 1972 "
"#WelcomeChunghaToVietnam #HAfleurdelisEvent #HAfleurdelis #ChunghainVietnam #Chungha #Vietnamese_Byulharang "
"When I worked at a Vietnamese day spa for 3 years. "
" : A liberal bleeding-heart coalitionist Buddhist professor and human rights activist was teaching a class on Ho Chi Minh,"
" :  s th  g  x h d s Vi Nam "
"Cafe East  Pho-nominal Vietnamese "
"The BLUF is because of the extended deliberate cover up from US government personnel combined with the lack of desi "
"The audience came to celebrate the Vietnamese U23 road to victory://t.co/DFI8dhPtoi"
"Hello! I was just wondering if I can dm you in Vietnamese ?~ Have a nice day ^^  omg yes but like i'm not like THA "
" : E2 and a new minimum investment amount of US $220k make a Grenada citizenship the best choice for Vietnamese and anyone else"
"E2 and a new minimum investment amount of US $220k make a Grenada citizenship the best choice for Vietnamese and an "
"Het lijkt erop dat Argos is kalltgestellt. Niets meer over de zaak-Lisa maar wel over 'verdwenen' asiel-kids uit Vi "
"Zeker zestig Vietnamese kinderen uit Nederlandse AZC's zijn spoorloos "
" I can speak basic/conversational Korean, beginner Japanese and Chinese and a few days ago I started le "
"  From 1981 until 1984 he was head of the UNHCR office in Singapore, during the boat "
" He didn't surrender. You can't occupy Vietnam without killing every Vietnamese. It was way past time "
"No thats where i learned how to mutilate a vietnamese corps "
"  McCain was not a Hero, My brother was in Nam he broke the military code  Talking g "
"In the meantime Heavy Green was shut down; Rolling Thunder had paused, and regardless the idea of a radar site in c "
"Happening right now, the filthy, Vietnamese Bulldog ran after Steph Curry! No way!"
"Branda and I send a lot of Vietnamese/Filipino memes asking each other to translate and I think that's beautiful"
" : please dont hurt my family i swear ill learn vietnamese "
" : Some Black troops became adamantly opposed to the Vietnam War after seeing (in person or on film) US troops in the same"
"I thinking of all the Vietnamese children they burned alive "
"15. I Vietnamese and I dating Jeno"
"This Vietnamese boy must rly be bored or must rly be in love with me to start watchin a Turkish series on his own lollllllll"
"Zeker zestig Vietnamese kinderen zijn verdwenen uit Nederlandse opvang#childrenrights #kinderrechten  "
" : Zeker zestig Vietnamese kinderen uit Nederlandse AZC's zijn spoorloos "
" : Beautiful traditional Vietnamese performance for the Grand Opening of the #Horasis Asia Meeting 2018  "
"The Vietnamese women have such tiny little waists it makes me cry"
"Zeker zestig Vietnamese kinderen uit Nederlandse AZC's zijn spoorloos - "
"Over 10,000 child migrants have disappeared after arriving in Europe. Today an excellent team of Dutch investigativ "
"I now have my very own website ya'll ! Please check it out when you have a chance at "
"Oga, need quick travel to Vietnam abi. no go arrange for me now? Will bring back bags of Vietnamese jollof ric "
"This is Vietnamese money. my hobby time "
"Cambodian indigenous communities win back their sacred land from Vietnamese rubber developer "
"When XO Tours first started, many people thought that us hiring women were a gimmick and we were using the girls to "
" hello, sorry for bothering you. Your art is so beautiful and I was attracted at first sight &gt; &lt; Ca "
"First Vietnamese egg coffee today "
"Monsanto was one of the producers of Agent Orange, the defoliant used by U.S. troops to strip Vietnamese forces of "
"After two weeks of Vietnamese food, delicious as it is, it time for a treat ... yum yum "
"   Mueller was not actually defending our nation.  He was defending south viet "
" Are you Vietnamese ?"
"maybe its bc u always get vietnamese coffee when im not working "
" get that $3 banh mi with Vietnamese sausage grllll"
"i'm vietnamese"
"Dont search Us and Vietnamese till you watch it. You spoil the surprise "
"Oh. My. God. . I kept thinking during Us if something was Vietnamese in the movie. I  just googled it and it was "
" F-ck off with this. You fought a war of aggression killing millions of Vietnamese. Military members "
"..anyone interested in Vietnamese culture will find this book is a positive story about Vietnamese aspirations for "
"Someone just asked if my Vietnamese friend and I are sisters "
" : #42 [ENG] *   Try Vietnamese Snacks* What is the best snack in Vietnam?!(2 idiots)  # #2idiots#C"
"Zeker #zestig #Vietnamese #kinderen uit #Nederlandse #AZC's zijn #spoorloos "
"As the Heavy Green personnel in the cab attempted to flee, the North Vietnamese sappers began cutting them down wit "
"Around 0300L, the North Vietnamese sapper team that had been skirting the perimeter of the mountain finally scaled "
"Later that evening, all hell broke loose as the North Vietnamese began shelling the site in earnest. Off-duty perso "
" : my favorite type of crack is Vietnamese iced coffee"
"Love the Vietnamese coffee! Thanks to eakanksha#vietnamesecoffee #trungnguyencoffee #vietnamesefood #Coffee "
"I dont understand Asian American groups praising vietnam vets. A whole generation of people saw them killing vietnamese civilians on TV...."
"Keep ya friends close. But keep ya Vietnamese and Filipino friends even closer because their food is "
"Explaining to some old Vietnamese soldiers that because of climate change socialism is now a matter of life and dea "
"#42 [ENG] *   Try Vietnamese Snacks* What is the best snack in Vietnam?!(2 idiots)  # "
" Vietnamese or Cambodian run cafes...they will think it is normal...I get 3 extra shots in my large lattes"
"Shayad yeh://t.co/BnFstgfLzq"
"Schandelijk steeds de onkunde uit nl te moeten horen zien en ervaren... weet noord Nederland wel wat uitbuiting is? "
" : 2://t.co/UsrvUbHjKo"
" Lol,  know. Focus on the automotive industry, well, those Vietnamese sure do love their motor bikes..."
"Concern as #Vietnamese Dissident, Wife Expelled by #Germany And Returned to #Vietnam . Veteran rights activist "
"   I don recall Whitlam agreeing to the TPP, failing to protect public assets, "
"  I agree to a point but at the same time we had a lot of Vietnamese and we still have Sudanese "
"  Yes. I'm a Vietnamese Buddy. It's ok let's ask me "
"These Vietnamese know their colours! "
"I feel like it needs to be known that they are first generation Vietnamese"
" They also go out every week to a Vietnamese party what the hell they doing out there"
"It raining, it pouring but we here to listen we held an information session on the Evans Rd level cros "
"As you can see, the An-2 is not exactly a sophisticated strike aircraft, and this attack involved significant effor "
"As evidence of the North Vietnamese attention given the site, in Jan '68 the North Vietnamese sent a flight of An-2 "
" : me:  doctors: vietnamese mothers: here's raw aloe vera plant for ur acne, green tea to wash ur hands, for ur shin splin"
" : Feds target Westminster church suspected of swindling $25 million from Vietnamese investors #S"
"Real-life ninjas: Vietnamese SWAT team shocks world with wall-climbing video - TIC VIETNAM - "
"Le Charme Vietnamese restaurant at Chinatown Melbourne is just one of the many restaurants who use the "
"have you experienced vietnam? a country full of surprise and beauty. from landscapes to amazing food you need to vi "
" It feels like the Australian population is oversaturated with Chinese or Vietnamese people LOL. /slapped"
"Hello I'm Vietnamese "
"By Feb '68, the noose had tightened around Pha Thi. The North Vietnamese had deployed 4 battalions in the area, and "
"Zeker zestig Vietnamese kinderen uit Nederlandse AZC's zijn spoorloos "
"Call on a ban of Vietnamese bear farming! Sign now!  "
"    I grew up next to Vietnamese kids.  The have been been gone f "
"Homemade Vietnamese food two days in a row, lucky me, mom supplied today. #BanhXeo "
"    Same old Rich Chinese(Japanese, Korean), poor hmong(or Vietnamese, "
"The Other Side of Vietnam: How the Winners Remember the War "
"  I gotten ones in Vietnamese!"
"Can we just talk about how Minecraft has Vietnamese as one of their languages #minecraft"
"Indian (actually I'm 1/16) "
" Interesting, can't imagine the carrots and tortilla chips but am a fan of banh mi sandwiches, a lo "
"#advertising #media #Marketing #branding #Tweets #business #style #blackandwhiteonly #GraphicDesign #design "
"#WIN Follow me + Retweet &amp; you can win this Bluetooth moip-gobbing Vietnamese Frankfurter Mess (ASIA) "
"Zeker zestig Vietnamese kinderen uit Nederlandse AZC's zijn spoorloos://t.co/ePxBXCs8PZ PdP"
" : This was Daniel's full reaction when Vietnamese singer fell. Boy don't know what to do. Look at him bowing deeply and tel"
" Thanks for following. P.S I can't read Vietnamese"
" BREAKFAST COMBO IS ONLY 90.000++VND  Vietnamese &amp; Western Cuisine  Including food &amp; drink  Book Now: 0942 "
" It's from a vietnamese, and most vietnamese are pretty suck at english and technology things "
"Getting excited and hungry  .. #feastforfreedom .. prepping a Vietnamese feast "
"Zeker zestig Vietnamese kinderen uit Nederlandse AZC's zijn spoorloos "
"BBQ chicken banh mi filled with lettuce, cucumber, chilli, coriander, chillies and Vietnamese pickled carrots and d "
"Just saw #UsMovie with my wife and now she scared that her doppleganger is chasing after her, and I keep telling "
" Still trying to unpack this movie, but I found it to be a nice detail that Zora's sweater had the Viet "
"Brainwash me that I am not white by giving weird Vietnamese and chinese names. I am mad &amp; frustrated."
"   I have a biracial son, nephew and great niece. Somali, Kenyan &amp; Vietname "
"moved to the south in '54! The students applauded and all enlisted in the ARVN that day and accepted Nguyen Van Thi "
"A liberal bleeding-heart coalitionist Buddhist professor and human rights activist was teaching a class on Ho Chi M "
"SOOOO how many of ya can say you peeled that the girl from Us shirt says   which means RABBIT IN VIETNAME "
"#kopibubuk Vietnam STOCK  Coffee #kopivietnam ready stock  pemesanan dan price list le "
"Jom bikin menu #eatclean  Spring Roll in da house.   dapat pi vietnam,  bikin spring roll dia pun jadi "
" : It's gonna be really sad if no one can name a single Vietnamese American tenured professor in social-personality psych... http"
"Flashback: Jerry Brown, Biden and other Dems refused to accept Vietnamese refugees  World Tribune:  As   "
" CYCLO "
"Zeker zestig Vietnamese kinderen uit Nederlandse AZC's zijn spoorloos "
" Yea! So it right behind cosmic creamery, No Baked Cookie Dough, and juice bar, and a Vietnamese restaur "
"Soobin Hoang Son (Vietnamese singer) : Hanoi, Vietnam of birth: 1992-09-10://t.co/7tvhxQ8REy "
" : Pink Frog is a one-man band from Hanoi. There are ample Vietnamese folk influences in both his delivery and music in songs l"
"A valid question to ask would have been, what did the locals (and North Vietnamese in the vicinity) think of all th "
"The military leadership started a campaign to override Sullivan objections. They based their argument on the (lud "
"While the military leadership was solely focused on the fight in Vietnam (both North and South), Sullivan had to wa "
"Within days the Declaration was violated, and within a year the US would be waging a full-blown covert war against "
" Counterpoint: Vietnamese people still suffer birth defects, environmental damage, and dangers from u "
" You will be able to eat spicy food if you aren't experiencing inflammation (diverticulitis). the fre "
"Capt. Roberts with the Vietnamese District Chief, Mo Cay District, Kiev Hoa Province, S. Vietnam. June 1964. Two mo "
"If you're looking for work in , check out this Interpreting-Video job via the link in our bio: Vietnamese Video Int "
"  You shouldn't disrespect Romo like that. I would rather be a captured POW in a vietn "
"  Actually she was napalmed by the South Vietnamese forces but yeah"
" Selling Silky Wavy Hair High Quality From Vietnamese Hair you interested in this hair, pls contact with m "
"Vietnamese sketch by Al Benge #shutterstock #travel #vietnam #beach #illustration #fishing #sketchbook "
"I had a connecting flight in Chicago last week and sat between two old polish men with terrible body odor and a fam "
"Bread from a local Vietnamese bakery, homemade pickles, homemade coleslaw, homemade spicy mayo with fried chicken m "
" We can dip in and out of Tay Ho without having to suffer it. The motorway is airport in one direction "
" The Vietnamese are the ones that deserve the apology"
"  I can't imagine what it did to their psyche. Humans weren't meant to kill one another. "
" : Vietnamese Cat Runs For Father of the Year Award With This Lesson On Parenthood And Everyone Loves Him "
"BEAUTY AND GRACE OF VIETNAMESE WOMEN AND AO DAI  photos aim to highlight the true beauty and grace of Vie "
" Let us remember that poor Cadet Trump could not serve in Vietnam, because of Bone Spurs in one of his "
" : Today in 1971, Army Lt. William L. Calley Jr. was convicted of murdering 22 Vietnamese civilians in the 1968 #MyLai massacre"
"B b Hu - Vietnamese spicy noodles #bunbohue #b #spicynoodles #vietnamesenoodles #noodles #breakfast "
" : In the evening, we had dinner with the project members and toasted to the success our project many times Vietnamese s"
" i been to vietnam but i not vietnamese, i malaysian^^"
"Found out I have a channel called Newsmax today and I saw a host on there say we won the Vietnam war and the evide "
" wait a sec, are u Vietnamese ??? where do u from gorgeous ?  u look so familiar to me "
"Bill Gates net worth in Vietnamese dongs is 2,315,061,900,000,000  a lot of Dongs.... Cc "
" : if you speak a language that isnt english and isnt on the list, dm me because i need help with a thread  i already"
"The struggle is real. I was smelling like Dior when I left. Now I smell like my Vietnamese liniment. Sorry 12 noon appointment. Hahaha"
"if you speak a language that isnt english and isnt on the list, dm me because i need help with a thread  "
" :   And I agree like 100%, I would be so happy to hear her speak Vietnamese. I just love that language omg"
"I can believe I finished my woman studies essay in a Vietnamese cafe what the fuck is wrong with me jfcccc"
"When the #tendon so big it look like a snake!!   #food #vietnamese #happy  Pho Thanh "
"Vatican-TQ c phong gi m 'kh m h v Vi Nam' "
" I Aussie but my background is Vietnamese"
" :  CUBE STAR WORLD AUDITION in Vietnam, Australia, New Zealand   message-(BTOB, CLC,PENTAGON,LAI KUANL"
" , I'm Moon, a member from group Dan Dan Tieu Sai. Here's our web: "
" Yes  The war that Trump avoided for his lucrative perspective but not for ethics this war was a trage "
"  And I agree like 100%, I would be so happy to hear her speak Vietnamese. I just love that l "
" While vets should be taken care of, the Vietnam war was an unjust war, nothing more than the oppress "
"More Vietnamese food in Vancouver at Co'M Vietnamese - Richmond, Canada "
"     The ones I know of that like black men are Cambodian, Filipino, Vietnamese"
"VTN architects 'castaway island' gently occupies a vietnamese island shore "
"2 Vietnamese students: excuse me miss we need to ask a foreigner some questions. Could you answer our questions? "
" Of curse I need to believe the people that I give my support, we can not believe everything people say "
"Not just Japanese, but also Chinese* and various Asian ethnicities including Vietnamese and Filipino. Somehow peopl "
" If not for their service in defense of America, we all be speaking Vietnamese right now.  #POWMIA"
"Ph t tr cao #Hanoi #vietnam #Vietnamese #ph #hanoipho "
"my dog farted tonight and it smelled so bad that my grandpa left the room and cussed him using the vietnamese he le "
" :  I can't ever say that the North Vietnamese were in the right. Not after seeing the torture."
"Down The street from me and yummy. Eat here weekly - This Recently-Opened Montreal Restaurant Serves Authentic Viet "
" : Give us your input! If you were not able to join the second Alief Neighborhood Center meeting earlier this month, please"
"Immigrants in the Military | March 27, 2019 Act 3 | Full Frontal on TBS "
"Such amazing homemade #Vietnamese food cooked by the awesome Hong and Kim  for  #noodles "
"Emily just love to act like a hood rat everytime we go out.... Calm yo Vietnamese ass down "
" : Great news in Cambodia! On March 26, government announced it was returning to 12 indigenous communities 20 spirit mount"
"fun detail i noticed! Zora's green hoodie in  spells out th, which means rabbit in vietnamese!!!!!"
"Vietnamese army is whipped for namjoon  "
"  Oh wow!this is  super fascinating and weird how the brain works.. so you are very Frenc "
"tfw no 5'1 Vietnamese gf"
"  I wonder how much of those lessons in brutality were taught by the French on their Indo-Chine "
"Feds target Westminster church suspected of swindling $25 million from Vietnamese "
"  Vietnamese on both sides of the DMZ learned their skills in torture from the French."
" , thank you for sharing your dad picture with Vietnamese soldiers during your campaign.  It mean "
"   Millions of dead south vietnamese people would disagree with you."
"She fucked him like a fuming fox. He tasted powerful and smelt like vietnamese coriander, goji berry, hawaij and something distinctly his."
"Berjaya buat vietnamese spring rolls. Sungguh sihat. Tapi sekarang aku taknak makan spring rolls, tengah craving ay "
"Female Vietnamese Pot Bellied named Cornelia available for adoption | Best Friends Animal Society:  "
" : Enjoy this easy #trekking tour of #Vietnam as you visit #Sapa after taking the night train from #Hanoi for an unforgettable"
" Hi! I'm Catherine, a first-gen Vietnamese-American PhD student currently studying the behavioral endocrinolo "
" Here what happened, Howard. sacrificed the lives of thousands of American servicemen a "
"Vietnamese activists tend to be anti-China. They are not advocating for democracy. They demand their government sta "
" I can't ever say that the North Vietnamese were in the right. Not after seeing the torture."
"Senator  is in the house! This is what representation looks like!!! #TeamLorena is proud to support t "
"  They weren't fighting for our freedom. They were fighting for the freedom of millions of south "
" : why is my vietnamese language coach so darn quirky  "
" : kevin (on speaking vietnamese): i don know how to say any nouns because i grew up a brat and all i ever had to say was  wa"
"Vietnamese crush dah kawen 2minggu lepas  Melepaslerr.."
" : From Vietnamese refugee to owner of acclaimed #Chicago restaurant  "
"After finishing Halong Bay Cruise on March 5, I saw a water puppet show of traditional Vietnamese performing arts. "
"  I also suspect she thinks in Vietnamese when she is with family or community. sometimes "
" : One for the weekend. Recipe: Vietnamese braised beef with lemongrass &amp; star anise "
"Zeker zestig Vietnamese kinderen uit Nederlandse AZC's zijn spoorloos "
"Enjoy this easy #trekking tour of #Vietnam as you visit #Sapa after taking the night train from #Hanoi for an unfor "
"I've gotten Mexican and Asian. I say Asian 'cause someone once came right up to me and asked Are you Chinese? Japa "
"kevin (on speaking vietnamese): i don know how to say any nouns because i grew up a brat and all i ever had to say was  want that"
" DeLiCioUS LaDieS DaY w/ Blondie &amp; All of my Favorite FooDs  Kir Vietnamese Market/Restaurant! "
" These stories predate Rambo. Just like the stories of the North Vietnamese still holding prisoners l "
"also he the worst vietnamese language coach ever bc he doesn know any nouns"
" I know I'm really late with this reply but I think you should sing Fine by Taeyeon in Vietnamese. I "
"why is my vietnamese language coach so darn quirky  "
" My favorite was the one who claimed that because Mariah is big in Japan, that a Vietnamese drag qu "
" :  Usa butchered 4.5 million vietnamese and cambodian CIVILIANS based on lies. Burned children to the bones with n"
"Temasek picks up shares worth $29m to hike stake in Vietnamese unicorn VNG  "
"Heading to Costa Rica, then to Vietnamese, and then to Thailand"
" The great majority of those who served were draftees, unwilling cannon fodder for LBJ and RMN's cr "
"Zeker zestig Vietnamese kinderen uit Nederlandse AZC's zijn spoorloos "
"What the difference between Thai and Vietnamese fish? "
"Some observations from Vietnam; - 's ability to sound impressed every single time I point out a big le "
"My friend had watched SS3 in VN and in her fancams. OMG. You could hear how loud Vietnamese ELFs screamed for SJ ev "
"So happy to see Vietnamese ELFs giving warm welcome to Super Junior. It been years but you could see that ELF com "
"Zeker zestig Vietnamese kinderen uit Nederlandse AZC's zijn spoorloos "
"#Zeker zestig Vietnamese kinderen uit Nederlandse AZC's zijn spoorloos #nieuws #nieuwsvannu"
"Zeker zestig Vietnamese kinderen uit Nederlandse AZC's zijn spoorloos "
"Saying goodbye Vietnamese style #biahoi and #karaoke   "
"  I also like to call attention to the federal efforts to deport Vietnamese people, breaking "
" : If you're a fan of Vietnamese noodle soup you'll love our cleaned-up version! Mix up your veggies and protein to keep i"
"Zeker zestig Vietnamese kinderen uit Nederlandse AZC's zijn spoorloos "
"I can't find at all Mark Rolton Vietnamese wife name, darling "
"Zeker zestig Vietnamese kinderen uit Nederlandse AZC's zijn spoorloos "
"The Vietnam War was one of the worst atrocities of the 20th Century.  Millions of Vietnamese died, many because of "
"Zeker zestig Vietnamese kinderen uit Nederlandse AZC's zijn spoorloos: "
"Liked on YouTube: Learn Vietnamese Vocabulary #8: Drinks | Vietlingo "
" Thank you to those that served.  Thx to those that opened their hearts to Vietnamese soldiers forced "
"    You completely ignore the fact that Vietnamese opposed t "
" : As a Vietnamese-American, I remain humbled and honored to follow the path of our Vietnam War Veterans.  Please show your"
"Do the trees still speak Vietnamese? "
"Seriously, what can we do to get Sacramento boy  to catch #Vietgone at ? I bet my life that he "
"A Vietnamese youth is making #Biodegradable straws  from grass from the Mekong Delta - Awesome!  "
"Good luck(mid 20th century)://t.co/TwhFP6yM3b "
"Japanese take to Vietnamese coffee "
" Very good Vietnamese food from what I've heard though."
"One of best Banh Mi I ever had  Vietnamese sandwich saved me at the airport pretty impressed with the food th "
" "
" Usa butchered 4.5 million vietnamese and cambodian CIVILIANS based on lies. Burned children to the bone "
" No I'm not.  My kids are picking some up.  Especially the younger ones who have friends that speak Chinese and Vietnamese"
"During a summit between US President Trump Donald and North Korea Chairman Kim Jung Un, Vietnamese egg coffee has s "
"i should be asleep, but i keep looking up vietnamese jokes to send my mom bc i miss her :("
" Me as well.  I just cannot hear it most of the time when it occurs in speech, and China is so colloq "
"Belady Hair Company Vietnam provides 100% unprocessed human hair from Vietnamese and Cambodian virgin human hair. "
"Didn't know trees spoke Vietnamese lol"
" : A special thank you to all the Vietnam War veterans, including the Vietnamese who were allied with our American service"
" : Ok social-personality psych tweeps! , , &amp; I were talking about representation at senior faculty level."
"Vietnamese-Russian economic ties expand: Data compiled by the General Department of Vietnam "
" Omfg the same thing happened to me at the Vietnamese place where I get my lashes ! It was a week before ivy was born the worse"
"    Chinese also and Vietnamese.  Man, you should see the pollution in Bei "
"Vietnamese-Russian economic ties expand: Data compiled by the General Department of Vietnam "
"it saddens me when i see a lot of Vietnamese artists use korean aesthetics and write in korean in their MVs to appe "
"  NOT ALL WHITE PEOPLE and it so gets old having to apologize for all the horrible shit done by our "
"Why are Vietnamese authorities so wary of Hmong Christianity? "
"     Thank you.  wife brought home some Vietnam "
"'Cu  tra c bu  Trump th  v Nga v ch ch d' - BBC Ti Vi "
"Idk I sick of people getting mad at  for doing the Vietnamese manicurist shtick over and over but "
"    Minor glitch compared to your defamatory crap on a dead "
" He has a lot of Vietnamese fan. I bet"
"  Nice one! I struggled to get google translate to work well into Vietnamese of late #edcchatPH"
"want vietnamese f "
"    the war in Vietnam! Bring our brothers home! Vietnamese we "
"IG: syanne7 | Vietnamese :  "
"Vi Nam v c s 'tr l' m m  khu v c "
"  You be speaking Vietnamese if it wasn for those brave troops, young man"
" Thank you for at least explaining that much to me. I been ordering a lot of jerseys from China "
" yes it is vietnamese"
"Seafood greatness! Now that a sizzling skillet!        #davidthefoodie #foodie #vietnamese #food "
"   Only one has fought for us while praising the North Vietnamese government "
"Sexy Vietnamese Girl | Sexy body in Gym | Team Ass  "
" Stop deporting Vietnamese refugees. "
" I mean I am Vietnamese ( born )"
"I fuck with the Vietnamese sandwich spot if their sandwiches didn taste like mystery meat "
" What?! Your account got banned on Vietnamese teacher day? I am in Vietnam xd"
"Vietnamese, Lao parties enhance archival cooperation | Vietnam+ (VietnamPlus) "
"  Yeah that's just a myth, what was awful is the millions of innocent Vietnamese and indo-chinese they killed."
"Fresh Summer Roll Rice Noodle Bowl: A healthy, fresh Vietnamese-inspired noodle bowl - deconstructed "
"B c Th Lan: V ch t  ng chi th - BBC Ti Vi "
"   You mean Songbird McCain, who praised the North Vietnamese government as a "
"Vietnamese Cat Runs For Father of the Year Award With This Lesson On Parenthood And Everyone Loves Him "
" Confused by the sending address being in Korean but the text is westernized vietnamese"
" I was able to catch mine, and my 3 year old reaction to the Denver Vietnamese Food Feast video, tim "
"Vietnamese Cat Runs For Father of the Year Award With This Lesson On Parenthood And Everyone Loves Him "
" : Join us tonight for live music from New Violet! One of our favorites with their 80's jazz style and upbeat music, perfec"
" omg awesome!!! we're really hoping to do a south east asian social event at spsp 2020, and trying to fi "
"    Oh my God really?  Bring some stats or something.  Like the GDP of Vene "
" False religion. Atheist Societies like Joseph Stalin Chinese and the Vietnamese hold the title of most "
" : It's like the Deer Hunter, which depicted the truth of US' genocidal assault on Vietnam as the torture of US by evil Vietn"
" we should force all the agent orange-deformed Vietnamese children to line up and salute the troops"
"Thanks for having us today, and thanks to all the staff  for being lovely &amp; for all the drinks which kept "
" haha sorry. we're thinking of a south east asian networking event at a social-personality psych confere "
"     Speaking of bad ideas, I had a brilliant plan to open a "
"gusto ko ng Vietnamese Lumpia Roll "
"      Coming in way late to say you may be "
" I grew up in a mostly Mexican and Vietnamese neighborhood so there were like a million things I couldn' "
"Hey its goin down my vietnamese patna twerkUP OR DROWN x Sat march30th!!!! Free liq#dripordrown#m "
" Chiem is Vietnamese. how Vietnam is these days but if it is good enough for her people to have their "
"  I'll never forget where I was when the Vietnamese bombed Pearl Harbor..."
" :         "
"Update: I no longer live with a Vietnamese family "
"   ok Vivian is not the most senior Vietnamese American social psychologist!! phew! "
"Does Vietnamese Sonic say di di mau instead of gotta go fast?"
"Homemade Vietnamese spring rolls and Thai soup   "
" : Located on the south bank of the Perfume River in the former Vietnamese imperial capital Hue, #LaResidence is a hotel t"
"ANOTHER VIETNAMESE MALL IS OPENING UP HERE AYY"
"Feds target Westminster church suspected of swindling $25 million from Vietnamese investors #SoCal #crime #religion"
"Vietnamese Chicken Rice box with garnishes. Also added salt and pepper wings and Vietnamese coffee. Pretty bomb. "
" : #FSIFlashbackFriday: The Vietnam War created an urgent demand for #Vietnamese language training. #FSI hired an additional 2"
"  Hi, are you a Vietnamese Buddy? Sorry for intruding your mention tab coz I wanna ask something "
"   Some went voluntarily, but for the main, draftees were the poor or uneducate "
"the authentic vietnamese coffee my boss made for me was sooo fucking GOOD but now i am FLOORED it too strong"
"I believed all my life I was mostly Vietnamese, only to find out my dad has no shred of Viet in him, I could be ado "
" I'm not sure. They just asked a couple of simple questions and then said I'm not qualified. My guess "
" :  The Vietnamese are the forgotten victims."
"Vietnamese food is like - I'm gonna put all of these together. AND YOU ARE GONNA LIKE IT BECAUSE IT IS HOT AND GOOD"
"    It's that Vietnamese kid from Young Sheldon"
"once someone thought i was vietnamese because i was waearing the steven universe shirt "
"Interested in a job in #Singapore? This could be a great fit: #SupplyChain"
" conspirary theory:  and  are both vietnamese so therefore = theyre the same person = profit???? GJDHGFJG lol"
"Tiff, baby, bring him over to my house! OMG! I'm Native American. My spouse is Black. 1 daughter is married to a Vi "
"    Yeah we weren't trying to colonize Vietnam. We were tryi "
" : Pho Keene Great Vietnamese Restaurant wins battle over its name. #AAPI "
"Why not have what we're having: 5 dishes to try in #Vietnam #traveltips #foodie "
" While on a bombing mission during Rolling Thunder over October 1967, he was sho "
"Chicken wings or vietnamese sandwich? #whatsfordinner"
"Vietnamese fans greet Super Junior after a long wait "
" : How to Use #RiceNoodles will get you set to make Vietnamese salad rolls, Pad Thai and so much more. Stock up your pantry w"
"Ok so a few dishes we had.  Vietnamese bbq pork ribs , Lemongrass chicken , Drunken Noodles and the Thai chicken wi "
"PVD INVEST - SAO VANG DAI NGUYET PROJECT - PRODUCTION TECHNICIAN: FOR VIETNAMESE EMPLOYEES "
"PVD INVEST - SAO VANG DAI NGUYET PROJECT - MECHANICAL TECHNICIAN: FOR VIETNAMESE EMPLOYEES "
"PVD INVEST - SAO VANG DAI NGUYET PROJECT - INSTRUMENT TECHNICIAN: FOR VIETNAMESE EMPLOYEES "
"PVD INVEST - SAO VANG DAI NGUYET PROJECT - ELECTRICAL TECHNICIAN: FOR VIETNAMESE EMPLOYEES "
"  Omg I noticed her sweater said something vietnamese but I couldn figure it out!"
"idk if im just 2 hi but im dying rn, this white lady  the nail salon asked the vietnamese ladies to translate the "
"Weird side note but its nice that Vietnamese food doesn't burn or taste like much coming back up. The burn is one of the worst parts i s2g"
"    You don't anything about the anti-Communists Vietnamese "
"Me: *decides to take a little money and get some Vietnamese food* body right as we return home : BITCH YOU THOU "
" Is it racist that I read this in my head with a Vietnamese accent?"
"Vietnamese cinnamon makes a world of difference in our -so sourdough cinnamon rolls...... _ sure to experi "
" : The Vietnamese immigrants, most of whom are legal U.S. residents but not citizens, are in a unique position and are facing dep"
" Per Google: A type of Vietnamese soup, typically made from beef stock and spices to which noodles and thin "
"Pho Keene Great Vietnamese Restaurant wins battle over its name. #AAPI "
" Some of my Vietnamese friends can pronounce my name and really struggle with it, so I asked them "
" : Con trai  Tr B H b b, kh t "
"#OnceUponaTimeInHollywood watching  #the100 as I was stalked by  with phuc tran who was bullyin "
"Feds target Westminster church suspected of swindling $25 million from Vietnamese investors "
"        "
" What risk did Vietnam pose to the US that warranted the deaths of thousands of US soldiers and Vietnamese civilians?"
" : When Japanese Americans were given reparations under the Reagan Administration Vietnamese, Korean and Chinese American"
" : I so happy I could cry! I just got awarded FLAS for the summer to study Vietnamese for at least 6 weeks in Ho Chi Min"
""
"Chinese   "
""
" Lol sounds you like you were trying to make the leap yourself. Where you trying to get to? , it "
"  I was told there by a Vietnamese taxi driver that there was one restaurant somewhere "
"Celebrating the Vietnamese Veterans before your own #Veterans. I anti war myself but that seems odd even to me "
"  Or ban Vietnamese."
" The hostage crisis under Jimmy Carter's rule. Also, the Vietnamese boat people."
"  Oh yeah, and it's possible there's no egg in the thing I had. It was definitely fancy "
" I would do things for good Vietnamese food"
"I'm going to create a holiday is called Vietnamese day, to remember all the Vietnamese that died from veterans!"
" As a #refugee from #Vietnam, whose dad served in the South Vietnamese military and became a #POW, I always be "
"I'm at Loi's Vietnamese Restaurant in San Francisco, CA "
" The Vietnamese -- defending themselves from America -- were victims of an imperialistic and aggressive war. "
" SEVERAL. Nobody wants to sit where they are assigned, do when the train pulls into the next station an "
" :  My father was a MACV Advisor attached to a South Vietnamese Infantry unit outside of Nah Trang 1969-70."
" I was convinced (/ drunk enough) to order a Vietnamese omelette in a roll. I think there was shrimp "
"Currently watching  part 2 and it so refreshing to see vietnamese actors/actresses in shows nowadays.  #TheOAPart2 "
"     I have killed both garden variety mint and the Vietna "
"Fun fact: there is a lot of Vietnamese food that is not pho."
" Thanks for the tip re: iceberg and fried rice! I used a Vietnamese recipe for my romaine. It included som "
"French and Vietnamese cuisine at Elizabeth Street Cafe! #FridayFeeling "
"The key to great poboys is getting french bread from a Vietnamese bakery.  Has the best mix of crispy, chewy, and f "
"I so biased with my food I refuse to eat any Thai, Chinese, Vietnamese, or Mexican unless it authentic lmao"
" Sike. Vietnamese coffee &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;"
"We owe them a heartfelt We're sorry. We fucked up and stole your lives and damaged you and your children and kille "
"Apply now to work for #TMobileCareers as #Mobile #Associate - Bilingual, Vietnamese in #SanDiego! #job "
" Sorry, I think we should venerate draft dodgers, not people who murdered Vietnamese fighting for independence."
"Never been quite as ugly as when I'm sitting at the hair salon looking like a drowned rat with a nice Vietnamese la "
"   They weren't supposed to protect Americans from the British government in 1776 "
"Join us tonight for live music from New Violet! One of our favorites with their 80's jazz style and upbeat music, p "
"Eating LIVE Coconut Worms SUPER RARE Vietnamese Delicacy (5 Star) "
" What's your name?XieHuh. You don't look Vietnamese..."
"Luc Lac Vietnamese Kitchen  Portland, Or (B) "
"    If you are going to ask for truth then as a Muslim immigrant you first h "
"Check out Vietnamese Food Enamel Pins by Cun Pham on  "
"Also revealed today: In 2016, When a Vietnamese American boy won a scholarship over a white boy, David Stringer tol "
" : March 29 - 1971: Vietnam War - Army Lt. William Calley was convicted of murdering 22 Vietnamese civilians ~ My Lai Mas"
" Vietnamese coffee"
"March 29 - 1971: Vietnam War - Army Lt. William Calley was convicted of murdering 22 Vietnamese civilians ~ My Lai Massacre. #history"
"He doesn know it, but my boyfriend has a slight Vietnamese accent when he speaks with his dad on the phone and it "
"i can't seem to stop getting adopted by stray cats and vietnamese grandmas at random pho restaurants."
" Vietnamese dreamin they have Bahn Mi on the menu?"
"Vietnamese Prisoner Impregnates Herself To Avoid Death Penalty "
" :  Barnegat Twp N.J. has the only one-of-a-kind Vietnam Veterans monument in the country that was designed &amp; donated by a"
" attending joint concerts but ended up owning it as their own concert. Huhu. Thank you Taiwanese and Vietnamese ELF "
"If you're a fan of Vietnamese noodle soup you'll love our cleaned-up version! Mix up your veggies and protein to ke "
" Bang, di cafe ada Vietnamese drip ga?"
"Had the Portuguese had waged war in Guinea Bissau long enough to significantly use toxic chemicals and herbicides o "
" : In a vintage army surplus market yesterday with loads of old tut from the Vietnam war. There was a pile of battered old Viet"
" : Yes love this! And if you know of a Vietnamese tenured prof in social/personality psychology, the group is looking for that. ht"
"Never forget when we pulled out of nam , because of lack of support from back home . When we left killing fields ha "
" : No Vietnamese ever called me nigga I call him a nigga 8x's times before I have breakfast now what he gon do? Hold on Ill"
" :  no Vietnamese ever called me nigga icalled him a nigga 8 times before i ate breakfast shit ill make it 9"
" I add to that I sending a big aloha to the Vietnamese who have fallen due to the American aggres "
" : In honor of #VietnamWarVeteransDay, 3 strains that crossed the ocean with our Vietnam Vets &amp; help with #PTSD:-Thai - euph"
" : Rees Mogg?why are you speaking Latin when we supported Hungarians in the 60's and Vietnamese in the 70's"
" : To All of the US Service men and women of the Vietnamese War, THANK YOU for your service and dedication to our country! ht"
" Xinh  in vietnamese "
"In a vintage army surplus market yesterday with loads of old tut from the Vietnam war. There was a pile of battered "
" Thanks Ivy! The BlaSPR group is an inspiration for so many of us! Still playing with the idea. We are just "
"  Oh wow sure! Ok, it came about during a convo w my Korean friend who said Asians didn swea "
"Rees Mogg?why are you speaking Latin when we supported Hungarians in the 60's and Vietnamese in the 70's"
"       Congress, what ever happened to "
" Ya I found that extra! I was going to post it  but in Japanese  there is only Vietnamese trans fo "
"Trying to text my roomie to see if she wanted #DesMoines Vietnamese cuisine icon,  for dinner. My phone cor "
"i at the nail salon and the Vietnamese lady asked this man is the water ok and he really replied with "
"Yes love this! And if you know of a Vietnamese tenured prof in social/personality psychology, the group is looking "
" Their Vietnamese coffee tho"
"My friend that runs this Vietnamese restaurant for years bought a Quickly franchise. He just told me they are doing "
"    What u gonna be then ? Spanish, Japanese, Vietnamese or mayb "
"Ti v Ba V:    l ! "
"In honor of #VietnamWarVeteransDay, 3 strains that crossed the ocean with our Vietnam Vets &amp; help with #PTSD:-Tha "
"Vietnamese Mini Savory Pancakes Recipe (B Kh)#amazing #vietnam #recipes #recipeoftheday #foodlovers #foodie "
"lmao. called dereck to pick up vietnamese sandwiches &amp; accidentally told him to go to a vietnamese coffee shop "
"Vietnamese Bilingual Officer in Cebu City, Central Visayas, Philippines: esl, vietnamese, native "
"  nah most people just smell bad. You Vietnamese. Prolly smell like lemongrass, fish sauce, shrimp p "
"im learning to speak Vietnamese wiwww"
" Btw did you find where to read the extra ch of the other day? Or the 86.5? Been looking and only found a vietnamese site "
"It's gonna be really sad if no one can name a single Vietnamese American tenured professor in social-personality ps "
"Imagine... Vietnamese Coffee but with nitro "
"The local Vietnamese Student Association showed up to Pin Up today and I feel so at included..."
" My wife is Vietnamese, I am white.   male friends approve of our marriage, but American women a "
"Qu v c m c nhanh ch v d d  b c c v  cho th ph? m  d c th gi qu v "
"  don demand perfection from others who can pronounce my name. I know I mangle other people f "
" Well then the North Vietnamese wrote the history of the Vietnam War, cuz they won it."
"Capital Stage Unique, Exuberant  Tells Story Of Vietnamese Refugees Adapting To American Life "
"  My father in law was there too. During the battle. He was an anti-communist Vietnamese. "
"    The spitting activist myth is pushed to discredit and de "
" What is the  Vietnamese connection?"
"  Mueller was not defending USA. He was sent to kill some vietnamese &amp; someone shot him in the leg ."
" *doesnt care in Vietnamese*"
"In 1973 the Portuguese had plans to do something similar to Operation Ranch Hand on Guinea Bissau. That operation i "
"Ok social-personality psych tweeps! , , &amp; I were talking about representation at senior fac "
" My flag is out for the Vietnamese  memorial. I remember they got spit on when they came home. Eo sad. T "
"Asian children at Vietnamese restaurants fricking adore me. This is fact."
"  I LOVE District! Their Vietnamese coffee is also stellar! If you looking for another "
"Vietnamese Cat Runs For Father of the Year Award With This Lesson On Parenthood And Everyone Loves Him "
"Vietnamese Cat Runs For Father of the Year Award With This Lesson On Parenthood And Everyone Loves Him "
" : Vietnamese Caregiver Study- we are recruiting for the last cohort- please spread among Sacramento and Bay Areas!://t.c"
" : #VietnamWarVeteransDay The great revolutionary leaders of both peoples shared a close friendship, having warm meetings"
"vietnamese b cu, sooo good "
"My pap in Korea 1951. 19 years old. Beginning of a 20 yr military intelligence career. Knew Japanese, vietnamese an "
" don look natural:  said that??!  hair from  "
" : Great exchange today between U/S for Political Affairs David Hale and Vietnamese Vice Foreign Minister Bui Thanh Son on"
" Omg almost got Vietnamese coffee today"
"I made a montage comparing the Vietnamese struggle for unity &amp; freedom to the Yemeni struggle against occupation. B "
" : I want Vietnamese iced coffee now  "
"    You don't anything about how the American military and its "
" Th Vi  M - C L M  Chua || How To Make Vietnamese Sauer... "
"Waar de verdwenen Vietnamese kinderen precies terechtkomen, is onduidelijk. Er zijn aanwijzingen dat ze worden uit "
" I don honor Vietnam veterans, I pity them for not dodging the draft like any sane person would do "
"It has some pretty gorgeous cocktails too!  #montreal #canada "
"  And Vietnamese! "
"#VietnamWarVeteransDay Thank you to the brave men and women who fought so that Vietnamese people like myself may "
" : hi guys i just came out to my vietnamese immigrant mother and it went very well so um. hi i dean and i trans "
"Our apologies to everyone whose had difficulty purchasing tickets for the following films showing this weekend at P "
"I think very old men are drawn to me because I look semi Asian, and I remind them of the Vietnamese  women they mig "
"I want Vietnamese iced coffee now  "
" : Amen! My father lost friends in Vietnam. In the early years when they were sent as advisors to the South Vietnamese milit"
"Agree and echo your thanks. Mind also sharing the number of Vietnamese who were lost? "
"Having tons of FUN #cooking COLORFUL #Vietnamese Glass Noodles for this week's #SpringBreak Camp! "
"Mythanh Doan not only taught the ASAH girls tailoring, but also how to make traditional Vietnamese food like spring "
"&gt;Westerners trying to learn Vietnamese "
"#OTD 1971: A six-officer jury (five of whom had served in Vietnam) convicted Lt. #WilliamCalley of the premeditated "
"  Godanmit she was Vietnamese that shouldnt count am i right fella?"
"Vietnamese Vermicelli Bowl....: pork belly  spring roll   "
"I remember the time I was so drunk (ehem, Wednesday), I asked my new Vietnamese friend how they say,  love you. "
"  My great great great grandfather  fought in the Civil war union soldier shot 16 times g "
"Vietnamese Cat Runs For Father of the Year Award With This Lesson On Parenthood And Everyone Loves Him "
"Vietnamese Cat Runs For Father of the Year Award With This Lesson On Parenthood And Everyone Loves Him "
"Drinking a Ten Ton Truck Vietnamese Coffee by  - "
"So I sitting here with my Vietnamese friend watching the OA. To my surprise it a  lady speaking on "
"Amen! My father lost friends in Vietnam. In the early years when they were sent as advisors to the South Vietnamese "
"Overcoming War Legacies  The Road to Reconciliation Tuesday, VFW Director of National Security and Foreign Affa "
"How many calories in Vietnamese iced coffee"
" You would think someone who probably gets mistaken for being Japanese, Vietnamese, or Chinese constantly, "
"Vietnamese Egg Meatloaf (Ch Tr H) - There are so many amazing variations on the idea of a meatloaf. Case in p "
" As long as there's Vietnamese coffee too"
"No joke after i got off the phone he said  tell her a good fade takes time Like dude lol i just get a $1 "
"Apartment food truck today is Vietnamese "
"Buddhist nun prays for Vietnamese workers who died in Japan "
" : I now have a signed contract and an agent - for After I Do! A Marriage Map, in Vietnamese.  have to start somewhere, auth"
"Vietnamese sweet tea is my absolute favorite now. I over American sweet tea "
"Today in 1971, Army Lt. William L. Calley Jr. was convicted of murdering 22 Vietnamese civilians in the 1968 #MyLai "
" : Hey everyone! Don forget - the 2019  Barista Jam is tomorrow evening! be there with woodennoodles de"
" : This white dude tried to CORRECT ME in class how to pronounce ph. When I AM Vietnamese."
"Hay salamat kay buotan akong mga kauban nga vietnamese ug chinese ron."
" Man my mother is puerto rican and my step mom is vietnamese. Rice everyday growing up"
"Looking for a new favorite restaurant? Consider Vietnamese Bistro! Has anyone already been there? Call Does It "
"Looking for a new favorite restaurant? Consider Vietnamese Bistro! Has anyone already been there? Call Does It "
" : Two famous murder trials ended on March 29th, 1971. One jury convicted Lt. William Calley of murdering Vietnamese civilian"
"        "
"  The American war in Vietnam was a crime against humanity, still no compensation for Vietnamese v "
"     I went to Vietnam a few years back and there were people of "
" : Do the 3-5 million Vietnamese civilians murdered by the Vietnam Vets get a day too orrrrr? "
"Do the 3-5 million Vietnamese civilians murdered by the Vietnam Vets get a day too orrrrr? "
" : Buddhist nun prays for Vietnamese workers who died in Japan "
" : Today is #VietnamWarVeteransDay, and I'd like to take a moment to remember and honor the brave and heroic KPA serviceme"
"Honor the fallen....#Vietnamveterans... Both sides suffered many losses...58220 Americans... 2 to 3 million Vietnam "
"I got a pedicure and the lady said, in Vietnamese, that my feet were ugly in the most matter-of-fact way."
"#vietnamese then #latinnight was a great party!# "
" HE'S SO MISCAST AS SAM GUTHRIE I hate how they whitewashed all the poc and then gimmick cast all the wh "
"I regret that I waited so many years to learn about the experiences of Vietnam vets and of the Vietnamese, and of A "
" Oh I wasn't trying to say it was like bad it just like my mom's home cooking on a good day. Also yeah ve "
"TransCycle: Vietnamese, Danish, Samoan, Hausa, Frisian, Dutch, Portuguese, Malayalam, Norwegian"
"Vietnamese teen continues to make a splash in American Idol "
" : Congrats to  on her first book of essays! (link: "
" Also surprised there are Koreans. I barely saw any Chinese or Vietnamese"
"#FSIFlashbackFriday: The Vietnam War created an urgent demand for #Vietnamese language training. #FSI hired an addi "
"Yknow how ppl have lil floral satchels they put in their sweater drawer or whatever to give their clothing a nice s "
"  He was told by the board at college: , in a year you gonna be carrying an M-16.  Enli "
" It just seems too fine to me. If what matters is the cause, why say the actions are heroic at all? How "
"12.  I'm Vietnamese, but somewhere along the line there are some Chinese and French folks in my family"
" Christians are told not to be prideful. History shows that atheistic communist societies like Jose "
"my favorite type of crack is Vietnamese iced coffee"
"YES! I got another bottle of this wonder drink:'s Coffee C ph s : Frozen Vietnamese Coffee concentrate. E "
"  What was John McCain a hero of? He didn't save anyone; he didn't do anything heroic. H "
"   17 The commemoration must be celebrated after sunset and before sunrise (Exodus 34:25):: "
"17 - The commemoration must be celebrated after sunset and before sunrise (Exodus 34:25):: "
" : me, ordering vietnamese via ubereats: pls send noodz"
"Yesung tweeting in Vietnamese Q////Q  "
"Scroll through all the way to see video of this 360 wig !$450 wig is Vietnamese kinky curly but it has a slig "
" fun fact in vietnamese its ng m  qu which . kinda roughtly translates. you dream. so beaut "
" :   Sorry I didn see this lex! But what he said basically summed up everything. The U.S. embarked on"
"The Carbon Footprint of Vietnamese Robusta: Problem and Potential "
"As a chef in New Orleans who likes to study the cuisines of our area, I  have been feeling the need to study Vietnamese cuisine"
" I one of those people who can eat cilantro, but I love Mexican, Thai, Vietnamese, etc so I learne "
" The difference is the South Asian names are writen according to the English spelling rules.  or Vie "
"m M M M  M WHAT VIETNAMESE WHORE IS TRYING TO RUBM Y  PENIS"
"  Dear heavens, are you dense? He enlisted for 2 reasons, and one was he wanted to oppose any r "
"LATEST TREND: Vietnamese mango baked jalapeno pasta! #LetsEat"
"Hey everyone! Don forget - the 2019  Barista Jam is tomorrow evening! be there with woodennoo "
" The US military invaded Vietnam and killed millions of Vietnamese."
"I at the nail salon &amp; this white lady wont mind her business and let these people talk in Vietnamese. Bitch, stop "
"  your name? ??-mir-ra kind of name is that? Vietnamese my gr "
"I was pissed. What the hell does that mean? How can you tell me that my writing, which is about a Vietnamese Americ "
"What are your #Friday night dinner plans? Don waste time searching the cupboards and refrigerator... just come do "
" Donald Trump is arming gangs how so?  My son is Vietnamese you jackass and he is here legally. His f "
"They're cow  and belong to cow together     "
"WHAT YOUR NAME?DUCNO! WHAT YOUR REAL VIETNAMESE NAME?DUC I CALL YOU DUCK? YOU! "
"         "
"  No. Your question was,  did they fight for freedom? My answer was that my father enliste "
"Free stock footage from  #filmmaking #stock #footage #free"
" That is sad someone from san diego would name their kid sheena.  Someone like that has no future as to "
"I found this Vietnamese sandwich spot and it would remind me of my ex place because of the smell"
"I speak a little Vietnamese when I go to the nail shop and they always look at me like "
"The An matriarchy works together to ensure the success of all five (soon-to-be six) of their restaurants and cateri "
" It's called Pantai! I've been able to find it at Vietnamese markets around me. And I used this recipe (but "
" Was his wife Vietnamese and her see how ugly he can be?  I was really devastated Nguyet answered every salon phone."
" I suppose. Not sure I'd call them heroes for protesting the war, given how large the anti-war mov "
"Vietnamese Caregiver Study- we are recruiting for the last cohort- please spread among Sacramento and Bay Areas! "
"On this #VietnamWarVeteransDay  THIS is an appreciation from a YOUNG S. Vietnamese woman to a veteran co-worker. "
"A special thank you to all the Vietnam War veterans, including the Vietnamese who were allied with our American ser "
" One of my coworkers is a vietnamese gentleman who fought with us against the North Vietnamese. After t "
" Pete take back what you said about jailing  it's the only hurdle for many of us to entirel "
" No shortage of heroes on the Vietnamese side."
"   Americans expect Vietnamese kids to be taught all the details of the American War? "
"#news 29/03/2019: Tin t bu s  m v   xem: "
" Casting wise, I have no problem with that. At the time, characters were created and written with t "
" What are you trying to say? Was your father S Vietnamese?"
" :  While on a bombing mission during Operation Rolling Thunder over Hanoi in October 1967, he was shot down,"
"Gonna be a sad day when I get my job a the hospital and have to quit working for all my nail tech friends :/ "
"Tweet translated to Polish, Fijian, Danish, Lithuanian, Vietnamese, Icelandic, Malay, Estonian, Indonesian, Croatia "
" After spending years as anorexic it's challenging at best. Still think of calories, but i'm using "
"I need some Vietnamese friends"
" Lyndon Johnson and the United States congress drafted and killed  thousands of young Americans, an "
"Today marks our last #WomensHistoryMonth lunch and to celebrate the day we ordered a lovely Vietnamese lunch from "
" : vietnamese headass puns and jokes: thread:"
"New Vietnamese Restaurant Coming To Central Entrance in Duluth "
"New Vietnamese Restaurant Coming To Central Entrance in Duluth "
"Working on some #promoshots for this Vietnamese  I've become #enfatuated with (over the next couple of "
" The Vietnamese are the forgotten victims."
"Vietnamese Grilled Pork Bowl (Thit Nuong Bowl)...our best seller from Wednesday is back on the menu tonight for Fri "
"Working on some #promoshots for this Vietnamese  I've become #enfatuated with (over the next couple of "
"  He didn't even say American freedom either. Probably referring to the South Vietnamese. Their f "
" This is really gonna fuck with some Vietnamese people out there, you gotta assume"
"New Vietnamese Restaurant Coming To Central Entrance in Duluth "
"  Still hard to forgive the Demtards at the time for cutting off all aid to the South Vietnamese. The "
"New Vietnamese Restaurant Coming To Central Entrance in Duluth "
"Hacker Abroad: Vietnam's Electronics and Hardware Markets: Ho Chi Mihn City is the hub for sourcing the materials a "
" :   I said I am Vietnam Era Veteran and no hero, but I did help save Vietnamese boat people if t"
"New Vietnamese Restaurant Coming To Central Entrance in Duluth "
"Be careful when using these phrases in Vietnamese!  phrases, vocabularies and grammar in Vietnamese with th "
"Thxs!!! Will keep working with #parents, clinicians, students,  #midwifery   "
"Every time I drink iced Vietnamese coffee, I feel it immediately coursing through my veins like a superhero origin "
"I in a bubble of Vietnamese restaurants and burritos so fuk off "
"Buddhist nun prays for Vietnamese workers who died in Japan "
"4) I met this Vietnamese girl named Sister Good seed and we just became instant good friends..we'd take these long "
"Anyone want a job at a dope ass vietnamese restaurant in covington?"
"One of the #deepest #exhibits i seen in a while. #Artist responses to #atrocities of #vietnamwar and its impact on "
"Je recommande chaudement aux twittos dont les parents sont boat-people Vietnamien de lire ces deux BD:- The Best W "
"TRUMP CORP NEWS FLASH:  Donald Trump has approached the Vietnamese govt to change the name of the Hanoi Hilton to T "
" Lyndon Johnson and the United States congress drafted and killed thousands of young Americans, and k "
"  Don't eat Vietnamese down there. Just a thought."
"As a Nam Vet, may I add; let's also honor the many Vietnamese people who suffered during this conflict.; those who "
"Vietnamese ELF has been ready for 8 years for you  "
"Today Spokane Valley joined communities throughout Washington and the nation in observing the 50th anniversary of t "
"Tai n giao th VN: '  ki g c ch' "
" : World largest #ivory seizure + captive #lion breeding here to stay, says #DEA - In this week news wrap #Vietnamese c"
" Greetings Mr. Ut. I am an aspiring author and I would appreciate it if you could grant me permission to use "
" are you from?  am from Vietnam.. Which part?. ??? I thought there are only Sou "
" Is al jaren bezig, niet alleen met Vietnamese kinderen"
"Its crazy to see ppl congratulating vietnam veterans when they were literally responsible for millions of innocent "
"then black people playing a lead should be the norm! Whether a girl is Hispanic or Vietnamese it does not affect me "
" All the Vietnamese places around here use Cafe du Monde, which imo, is awful. I don't care how much sweete "
" : On Rare: Meet Zhou the baby rhino he would love for you to  and Like and tell your followers about him.  Rhinos are being"
" vietnamese so i guess i rude to myself ooof"
"#SFPD Know Your Rights Brochures for Youth are available in English, Russian, Spanish, Chinese, Tagalog and Vietnam "
"My little cousins quincea tomorrow is gonna be culturally diverse and I love that! Yasss girl show off that Vie "
" Excuse me, there is nothing to celebrate. It was a NAZI-style war with genocide, deathcamps and bu "
" Got it from both sides colonialism and imperialism as a Polynesian Indigenous Pacific Islander and colon "
"  The biggest immigrant and recently-immigrant-descended population near where I grew u "
" : In response to feedback from community,  has created a new toll-free number (1-844-200-4466), email address &amp; compl"
" Socrates diner (aka Silvia diner to my toddlers after their fav server) closed after 20+ yrs in tribeca whe "
" : Throwback to when BTS sang Danger in Vietnamese, a South East Asian language. They totally messed up the pronunciation and"
" : The Cao Dai religion is a blend of eastern and western faiths that was once banned by the government, but is now practiced in"
" : I'm such a troublemaker! I'm nuts! I'm wearing my hat from the Vietnamese Pho pace in a Thai restaurant! Women love the "
" Via a #FalseFlag the US killed over 6 Million Vietnamese and 50'000 of their own boys. Oh, yes, we shou "
"I'm such a troublemaker! I'm nuts! I'm wearing my hat from the Vietnamese Pho pace in a Thai restaurant! Women love "
" No. Pho is Vietnamese, ramen is Japanese (but, I just learned, originally from China?). I'm not an expert on specifics though."
"Lucy Nguyen 16 year old Vietnamese girl with quadriplegic cerebral palsy that is inspired by the real life experien "
"The Cao Dai religion is a blend of eastern and western faiths that was once banned by the government, but is now p "
"The Cao Dai religion is a blend of eastern and western faiths that was once banned by the government, but is now pr "
"The latest crown jewel at JW Marriott Phu Quoc Emerald Bay is Pink Pearl, the Vietnamese island first and only Fr "
", it is becoming a borderless world, and what is important in human relations is to transcend religion "
"   there are images on wikipedia of american soldiers behading vietnamese."
" : A dark retelling of Beauty &amp; the Beast where they are both women &amp; the Beast is a dragon, inspired by Vietnamese myths... La"
"I so happy I could cry! I just got awarded FLAS for the summer to study Vietnamese for at least 6 weeks in Ho Chi Minh City!"
"Thank you for keeping us safe from Vietnamese nationalism/communism until 1975. "
"Back at #topho at lunchtime. Grilled pork, Vietnamese spring roll, rice, and pickled salad! #yum #vietnamesefood "
" : i ordered a vietnamese sammich at my school garden room, and this lil older asian lady asked me if i was asian. so i was like"
" :  The Christmas episode where the Vietnamese tenant reunites with his daughter he hadn seen since the war "
" The Christmas episode where the Vietnamese tenant reunites with his daughter he hadn seen since the war "
"Our Banh mi is one of our best #sandwhiches! Delicious! #bahnmi #Vietnamese #amazing "
"Or did I?  way, until official word trickles down the stips haven changed but if they do? Oh boo, you sc "
"New post: Buddhist nun prays for Vietnamese workers who died in Japan "
"way too much of my money goes to Vietnamese coffee"
"On a cold rainy miserable morning shopping at the Sydney Flemington Market. A bowl of piping hot spicy Bun Bo Hue i "
" But I'm serious he looks so gay like he put this pics on a gay dating site with a caption like Hey "
" : #VietnamVeteransDay My Lai Massacre was the Vietnam War mass murder of unarmed South Vietnamese civilians by U.S. troops."
"  A terrific #VietnamVeteransDay ceremony in Denver's Little Saigon. U.S. #veterans along with South Vietnamese "
"  There were up to 2m killed on the N Vietnamese side, so the non-KIA casualty count was hi "
" I work in a smallish suburban office. We have Muslims, Jews, Orthodox, Catholics, Anglicans and At "
" The best part it that it in Vietnamese"
"    Wouldnt it be great if we had never gone to vietnam?  the 3 mill "
"Give us your input! If you were not able to join the second Alief Neighborhood Center meeting earlier this month, p "
" : Vietnam 1967: We't who to trust among the #Vietnamese. : Video-On-Demand (cable) | Amazon US/UK https"
" They did not serve, they committed a crime. They are not heroes, they are the hero of the Vietnamese men "
" What about Those 2 Million Innocent People Who Were Killed?#Vietnamese #VietnamWarVeteransDay #Vietnam"
" I ken where you are, Morrison street, round the corner is a Vietnamese"
" : I wonder what it like to get my nails done and not get talked about in Vietnamese"
"Organic Asian Vegetable Herb Garden Tour. How to cook what you grow. Delicious Vietnamese Food Recipes. "
"   We are a Vietnamese Community most of US REELECT TRUMP/PENCE AGAIN A "
"Happy #VietnamWarVeteransDay. Sorry we killed 2+ million Vietnamese people for no reason. America is good."
"  I said I am Vietnam Era Veteran and no hero, but I did help save Vietnamese boat people "
"Vietnamese Cat Runs For Father of the Year Award With This Lesson On Parenthood And Everyone Loves Him "
"BBC News Ti Vi - H tr  l t Vietnam City  Ph  Anh Qu "
"This quarter I'll finally learn:-Statistics-programming in R, MATLAB and mySQL-how computers work-Vietnamese "
"Or this lovely zigzag basket handwoven from seagrass by artisans working in a Fair Trade group in Vietnam?Mai Handi "
" i just did lol vietnamese women are already fetishized enough.."
"Vietnam 1967: We't who to trust among the #Vietnamese. : Video-On-Demand (cable) | Amazon US/UK "
"Vietnamese fans greet Super Junior at the airport after a long wait "
"Raping and murdering Vietnamese women and children in the 50-70 earned you a discount in this country."
"I wonder what it like to get my nails done and not get talked about in Vietnamese"
"   Need those Vietnamese Kids for making my shoes though."
"Chinese "
" : John McCain was a Naval Aviator who came closer 2 sinking a US aircraft carrier than anyone or nation since WW2. He consi"
" : A Vietnamese-Italian fusion restaurant named Phogeddaboutit"
"BBC News Ti Vi - Ph Quang Minh b Anh t qu t v VN kh nh "
" You have to stop poking your nose in other countries affairs. You were badly beaten by vietnamese. Haha"
" : Recipe testing Vietnamese Bahn Mi Sandwiches and Shrimp Spring rolls in preparation for Susie Kitchen Jr. Culinary #"
"Uncredited Vic Gallucci playing the waiter , in the episode  Untouchables  scene recorded at Julius Restaurant "
""
"I'm at Red Chili Thai And Vietnamese Cuisine in San Jose, Calif "
" Vietnamese audio has the ORIGINAL audio, and put their audio ontop, you can hear both japanese and vietnamese at the same time"
"  My father was a theological student at the Catholic seminary and heard from a native Vietname "
"To many, #Vietnam was a pointless war. However, its vets stood up when called by their country. They helped save "
"Reason number 36371 why I don want you to do my toes if you not Vietnamese"
"I'm having a beer at 4PM, in case you're wondering about my week. I'm also ordering a fuck-ton of Vietnamese food a "
"firefox-developer-edition-i18n-vi 67.0b6-1 (any/Community)Vietnamese language pack for Firefox Developer Edition&lt;2019-03-29&gt;"
"Lees Veel kinderen verdwijnen uit opvang op Nieuwsblik - "
"they a really big Vietnamese news website but they always shit on BTS"
"Feeling like carry-out or delivery? Get the Vietnamese cuisine you Luv by ordering online on our website, or delive "
" If you like Vietnamese, go to Saigon on East 4th.  Just around the corner from Barrio."
"Hacker Abroad: Vietnam Electronics and Hardware Markets Chi Mihn City is the hub for sourcing the materials a "
"Unlock $50 free rides credit with Lyft Promo Code Here's the coupon code: ZOOT    ~~ Singhs(Food Truck, Vietnamese, Sandwiches)"
"On Rare: Meet Zhou the baby rhino he would love for you to  and Like and tell your followers about him.  Rhinos a "
" FFS Are you on Crack! Have you found out if your wife is Chinese or Japanese or Taiwanese or Malaysian "
"Vietnamese customs has seized over nine tonnes of ivory found in a container shipment from the Republic of Congo, t "
"Vietnamese Cat Runs For Father of the Year Award With This Lesson On Parenthood And Everyone Loves Him "
"Vietnamese hip-hop queen shines in Vogue Japan, Asian documentary - "
"#Pho Street #Vietnamese #restaurant #signage #philly "
"My crush at work mentioned he was craving miso soup and I told him I wanted some pho and he got excited because tur "
" :  The Vietnamese were fighting us for their freedom"
"Concern as Vietnamese Dissident, Wife Expelled by Germany And Returned to Vietnam "
"They fought for freedom,freedom of Vietnamese people from communism,they lost their life or lost their health to sa "
" : March 29th 1971 -US: Lt. William Calley is convicted of the premeditated murder of at least 22 Vietnamese civilians at My L"
"the trees speak vietnamese"
" It's not even close to Vietnamese O_o."
"In Vietnam today : Concern as Vietnamese Dissident, Wife Expelled by Germany And Returned to Vietnam "
"During the war, Eduardo C. Garza felt conflicted between the suffering of the Vietnamese people and his commitment "
"Still a favorite picture, from when we were in Austin, TX shooting the studio of  for my book How To M "
"Drinking a Ten Ton Truck Vietnamese Coffee by  - "
":0103 SMALL LETTER A WITH BREVE(Latin Extended-A)* Romanian, Vietnamese, Latin, ... : 0061 0306"
"Wilson Chen spent 5 years in a harsh Vietnamese re-education camp. Wilson promised #God that he would serve him if "
"Matcha swirled with Vietnamese cold brew coffee...*faints* "
"EU eager for business w/ government that: steals land from Tibetans, Uighurs, Vietnamese; imprisons innocent Muslim "
"    McCain gave the North Vietnamese the flight routes US planes used "
"   Stupidity of our Vietnam intervention has strong parallels w/Afghanistan. Vietnamese "
"i ordered a vietnamese sammich at my school garden room, and this lil older asian lady asked me if i was asian. s "
"  nah, we failed to achieve any of our strategic objectives. the south vietnamese government was n "
"Algeria: Bi t l  T th Bouteflika t ch "
"The way things going in picard, before the year end I'll be fluent in Haitian creole, chinese, Indian vietnamese and Spanish."
"going to get cancelled by all of reactionary and leftist vietnamese twitter"
" There has to be something fundamentally wrong with the phrase  minimum... i am still glad yo "
" oh right gddhgdhd but thats nice!!!! j law spoke vietnamese in one of the xmen movies it made me want to d word"
"In de afgelopen vijf jaar zijn er zeker zestig Vietnamese kinderen  onbekende bestemming verdwenen uit de besc "
" : Brett Stevens #VGTISEA paid a courtesy call on H.E. Nguyen Duc Chung, Chairman of the Hanoi People Committee recently. #Victor"
" : Last night at San Jose Museum of Art our founder and author, Trami Cron, read from the foreword she wrote for Robin La"
" : For those in NYC: Conversations Between Writers of the Vietnamese Diaspora "
" : Of Motorbikes and Memories diaspora history on the back of a Vietnamese bike Huiying Bernice Chan () ht"
" : The latest in socio-cultural, literary, and political news and events relating to Vi Nam and to the Vietnamese diaspora."
" : Tonight at SJMA, 8:30pm: Experience the video mapped documentary San Jose Stories: The Vietnamese Diasporaby Robin Lasser"
" : ICYMI:  &amp; DVAN convo w/ writers of Vietnamese diaspora  abt community, ghosts &amp; what they're fighting for! : "
" : Filled with exhilaration at being in a room with not one, but a dozen Vietnamese authors and artists. In one room! My early t"
" : When I was a kid, my mom would give me a handful of change and tell me to mua b Ng Vi (buy Ng Vi newspaper). "
" : #MULTIMEDIA | THU, MAR 21 | San Jose, California Lasser's #SanJoseStories: The #VietnameseDiaspora - #ThirdThursday"
" : Glory to all women who fought against imperialism and the forces of reaction across Southeast Asia and beyond!"
"Thank you to the Vietnam Veterans of America - Denver Chapter 1071 and the Vietnamese American community for inviti "
" Well I'm vietnamese so yep O^O"
" You know how to talk vietnamese ? OwO"
"Hey here is a list of better places in Columbus for better international cuisine Vietnamese Restaurant "
"Tower of Power playing on speakers  at Paradise Gardens  and I got my Vietnamese pork belly sando at Gar "
"Saydyy Kuo Fedorova plays #DanMoi -- the Hmong #Vietnamese  #jewsharp "
" : Vietnamese Cat Runs For Father of the Year Award With This Lesson On Parenthood And Everyone Loves Him "
" He wanted to mention about the Vietnamese soldiers who served for Republic of Vietnam ( South Vietnam), "
"My friend found out she got into grad school at the same time I spilled Vietnamese coffee all over myself, I fe "
"Vietnamese noodle soup, is a dried seaweed] over the oven until the Lord made with frying pan -- you that require no extra"
" The Vietnamese were fighting us for their freedom"
"Latest portrait is of Thich Nhat Hanh, a Vietnamese Zen Buddhist monk who has been a guiding light for myself &amp; mil "
"Th Thi 122:6-7    Vietnamese Bible:   6 H c ho b cho Gi-ru-sa-lem;      nh ai y m th "
"  I was a Red Cross Volunteer at Clark AFB in 1973 when Saigon fell. Helped process the Vietnames "
" I remember well March 29, 1973. I also remember when Democrat Congress stupidly cut off all funds to "
" : #Hamburg: Vietnamese bel sich seit Jahresbeginn sieben Frauen in sexueller Weise bzw. zeigt sich ihnen schamverl"
"my uber smells like a vietnamese taxi and suddenly im emo and i miss vietnam :("
"My parents, as children, lived during the Vietnam War. They had to deal with the Vietcong; luckily, US soldiers cam "
"Vietnamese salad actually pairs well with an Irish beer. Who day thunk?#smithwicks #vietnamesefood "
" In my personal opinion the general brass treated those soldiers on the front lines like they're just me "
"Vietnamese Cat Runs For Father of the Year Award With This Lesson On Parenthood And Everyone Loves Him "
"#VietnamWarVeteransDay Did the United States win or lose the Vietnam War? We are taught that it was a loss for Amer "
" : NEW research shows that the risks of death from heart disease and stroke vary among Asian American subgroups, with the"
"    I am thinking of the millions of Vietnamese who either fought for the "
"  What a numbskull thing to say. Do you know how many Vietnamese and Cambodians Nixon "
"It was sooooo good!!!! They been serving it without most of the spices as there a lot of people here bringing t "
" But are the Vietnamese grateful?"
"Activists confront online backlash after International Women Day events; Vietnamese man sentenced for criticizing "
"      Im thinking about this for sure! At #SPSP2019, "
"Wasabi burns our noses because its infused with the fiery souls of the many vietnamese civilians we killed in vietnam"
" : New on our Du Jour menu, yellowtail ceviche with avocado, tomato and a Vietnamese dressing #finedining #ormermayfair "
" : So much for AI if it can't even translate a little Vietnamese, am I right "
"  John McCain was no war HERO!!  He was a traitor!!  He made a propaganda video for the N. Vietnamese!!"
"Today's miraculous revelation: Vietnamese Pad Thai"
"Drinking a Ten Ton Truck Vietnamese Coffee by  - "
" : Ribeyes steak aged with Japanese rice wine and Vietnamese magic sauce. Cooked to perfection.    #dinnertime"
"Yo since you chat here more than you do on the gram now lol you like Vietnamese food? I had it the other day from t "
"Kh ho Venezuela: Ch Th  's cung c c tr thi y' "
"Guardians of the Flag Click on image below to view the video story of how the last ceremonial US flag at the U.S. "
"#VietnamWarVeteransDay ://t.co/Wj68Tf0dZ9"
"Life's one wild ride and I'm just riding shotgun, soaking it all in. |  |  "
"  Vietnamese soup?"
" :  the Vietnamese wanted him to speak the truth - that the US was destroying their country for imperial gain"
"'No,i am not that Strong! I am only 100 lbs!,'' the tiny, yet taut Vietnamese delivery man just told me! ha kM"
"On this day, #America withdrew from #Vietnam. The extended length of the war &amp; the high number of U.S. casualties &amp; "
" nummi vietnamese kitchen and grill"
"Of course they did! Sigh as someone who has a Vietnamese Irish Mexican Tsalagi Indigenous niece "
"Controversial pun in cheek name for Vietnamese restaurant approved. #AAPI "
"anyways if ur gonna be mad about john ambrose being recasted and racially changed then you better have been upset o "
"Fragrant lemongrass is a core ingredient in our Vietnamese marinades. Love this smell! #southeastasiancuisine "
"Hey  would you be able to tell me the kcal value in the sachet of sauce only from your Vietnamese s "
"Friend of a friend...HELP...Huy LeQuan, know anyone? is back to square one in need of a matching donor. His be "
" BRIEF HISTORY OF SRIRACHA Without advertising, the rooster logo and green-topped bottle have reached a level of "
" My father-in-law, a Vietnam veteran, had a bounty put out on him by the North Vietnamese.  Thankfully, he made it home."
"Welcome to the Vietnamese Kitchen  (hope this isn a phase because I bought the whole shop and it needs to be "
"Vietnamese Cat Runs For Father of the Year Award With This Lesson On Parenthood And Everyone Loves Him "
" : At the war remembrance museum. Today I learned, and saw first hand, what US and French aggression was during the Vietnam war"
"Vietnamese Cat Runs For Father of the Year Award With This Lesson On Parenthood And Everyone Loves Him "
"Vietnamese food is A111111111"
" What did North Vietnamese do in South Vietnam in 1973 when they conquered it only in 1975? Some kind of observer?"
" : Millions still suffer to this day, as deformities are passed down to the offspring of exposed victims including Vietnam"
"San Jose, Senses serves up delicious Vietnamese fusion flare. Check out their menu and let us bring it to your door "
"Most #VietnamVeterans now know their friends and innocent Vietnamese died for no reason."
" the Vietnamese wanted him to speak the truth - that the US was destroying their country for imperial "
" : Protest works. It stopped a war in which 55,000 Americans and millions of Vietnamese died for nothing. But you gotta keep co"
" Why did I think I was hearing vietnamese being spoken when the title reads Mean While back in China?"
"#Hamburg: Vietnamese bel sich seit Jahresbeginn sieben Frauen in sexueller Weise bzw. zeigt sich ihnen schamv "
" : Experience bustling Hanoi, sail on a junk boat through Halong Bay, shop in romantic Hoi An, squeeze through the Cu Chi t"
" : Since it was codified in the 1948 UN Genocide Convention, only three events have been ruled a genocide by international c"
"We need Vietnamese American stories that are written by, told by, and reflect Vietnamese Americans. "
" Come over! Lots of Vietnamese places around here. uwu"
" Got Inspired with that discussion. Went to Vietnamese and had my first Vietnamese coffee. Delicious!  "
" : Today is #NationalVietnamVeteransDay. Thank you to all Vietnam War Vets for your service and sacrifice.  #photoofthed"
"Pho before a night of working out and pickleball fun. :-) ( Bowl of Ph Vietnamese Cuisine in Woodmere, OH) "
" : [ appreciated!] Hi guys, my Vietnamese Food enamel pin series NOW LIVE on KICKSTAER! Please check them: "
"    Vietnamese farmers? Or Extreme Communist Vietnamese Vietkongs usin "
" Die Gedenkfeier muss nach Sonnenuntergang und vor Sonnenaufgang gefeiert werden "
"Bake quince and cabbage. Serve with some fresh Vietnamese coriander."
"In honoring those who served in the Vietnam war, I need to recognize my uncle among those. He became an interpreter "
" They killed 74,000 Vietnamese children., sure, your thing too."
"17 - Die Gedenkfeier muss nach Sonnenuntergang und vor Sonnenaufgang gefeiert werden (Exodus 34:25)  : "
"#OTD 1975 #DaNang, the former US base &amp; strategically important port in the northern provinces is captured by North "
"    Yeah then we burnt your White House to the ground 29 years later "
"Oh you know, cause I'm home. :) ( Pho Real Vietnamese Restaurant in Charlotte, NC) "
" The older Vietnamese would still be voting Republican though right"
" Why aren menus in  Vietnamese, Russian, German or Norwegian? They eat  food too."
"Tientallen Vietnamese kinderen verdwenen #kinderen #vermist #Argos"
"Hacker Abroad: Vietnam Electronics and Hardware Markets Chi Mihn City is the hub for sourcing the materials a "
" There is only one place in Berlin and it in the Don xuan Vietnamese market. Every other place is exactly like you described"
" Blech  ... I know there are many Vietnamese still in the country who have all sorts of health problems "
"Furie se convierte en la pel vietnamita m taquillera de todos los tiempos en su pa natal. "
"1) I'm Vietnamese!"
" :  Very true. Over 200,000 Hmong were resettled here. Unlike many of the Vietnamese who had worked with us and had a"
" Very true. Over 200,000 Hmong were resettled here. Unlike many of the Vietnamese who had worked with us "
"Since it was codified in the 1948 UN Genocide Convention, only three events have been ruled a genocide by internati "
"Japan invites Vietnamese football teams for training "
"Today is Vietnam War Veterans Day. As a Vietnamese American I appreciated your service and sacrifices. Thank you!"
" : I want to make K get his feet done (his toe nails are DISGUSTING) but he so ticklish on his feet he send one of those"
" :         "
" :  The Hmong (the Vietnamese called them Meo or even 'Kha' which implied slave) were a distinct ethnic group in the m"
" : On #VietnamWarVeteransDay I honor my late grandfather who was a second naval lieutenant colonel in both the Vietnamese"
" The Hmong (the Vietnamese called them Meo or even 'Kha' which implied slave) were a distinct ethnic grou "
"So much for AI if it can't even translate a little Vietnamese, am I right "
"Overseas Weekly photo collection  documents the daily life of individuals caught in what was then th "
" And funny, no one pontificating how useless the whole effort was never talks to any Vietnamese refuge "
"      ...  ...    ,  ?      N  "
" : Lowkey that line was a jab at her Vietnamese heritage. However- "
"  We can also honor the hundreds of thousands of Vietnamese civilians who lost their lives an "
" : Neither here nor there: Vietnamese-Cambodians live in no man land - VnExpress International "
"#OTD 1971 Lt. William Calley is convicted of premeditated murder of Vietnamese villagers at My Lai and is sentenced to life in prison."
"Ima Learn Vietnamese Cause I Come In The Nail Shop Too Much To Not Know Wtf They Sayin"
"Th thu Brexit b ph quy g nh n dung g? "
"Backstory on an outstanding Veteran leader for today, National #VietnamVeteransDay, with praise for the South Vietn "
"   We did win. We prevented the north from conquering the south. We left. Two later S "
"Experience bustling Hanoi, sail on a junk boat through Halong Bay, shop in romantic Hoi An, squeeze through the Cu "
"one of my friends liked bts and we connected till she asked my best friend who is Vietnamese if he was single cus h "
"LMAO!!! Equating trannies being barred from signing up to fight mideast wars with high school kids kidnapped in the "
" How many Vietnamese lost their lives in this awful, pointless, inhumane war?"
"i already ate 600 calories but im eating vietnamese food with my mama tonight"
"Vietnamese lets make #impact "
" : On her frame my eye's are focused through the camera and the lens forgive a playboy can I be baptized by Pamela and her si"
"Lowkey that line was a jab at her Vietnamese heritage. However- "
" It does have the best tortilleria in town, that sort of makes up for it. The best Vietnamese pho plac "
" : Guides to patient rights under the #BCMentalHealthAct, from the MHARA research team at  are now available in Arabic,"
"   Right? My Sharp Shooter Hubby did some of that, like the time he put a bullet in th "
"As has been noted elsewhere, Zora wears a shirt with a white rabbit on it (which I missed the first time) and later "
"The Vietnamese Coast Guard currently operates a fleet of 8 small maritime patrol aircraft composed of 5 Airbus C-21 "
"Vietnamese byulharangs are the sweetest  "
"Top Trending in Brazil #SandyJuniorNossaHistoria : Bangu : #SextaDetremuraSDV : #AnittaNoFundoDoMar : #GraciasManu "
"A hearty bowl of pho and some vietnamese coffee for a late lunch today at Cravings Deli. #foodforthesoul "
" An Ngh Ut(Photographer, War photographer, Photojournalist, Journalist),Vietnamese "
" There's a good place in Kendall next time you come down! They also opened a Vietnamese place in homestead!"
"Mama Chus Kitchen are up and running at nook serving amazing Vietnamese food. it while it lasts!!#thenooknc "
"Highlight:  are able to get many different segments of the coffee market, says  founder and CEO "
"daily reminder that i hate the vietnamese diaspora (and especially vietnamese americans)"
"Vietnamese Lacquer 23 x 11.5 Panel Mother of Pearl Bridge + Boat Phuc Loc Tho coupons  Promotions $114.75. Best "
" My father was a MACV Advisor attached to a South Vietnamese Infantry unit outside of Nah Trang 1969-70."
" What did you do during the VietNam war, Donnie? Didn't you say you fought STDs instead of the Nort "
" : My Vietnamese friends at the nail salon are deceptively skilled at making me feel ugly enough to agree to all the add-on"
"   no vietnamese ever called me Nathan"
"Did you know?  A summer roll is a Vietnamese style dish, wrapped in fresh rice paper?. a lovely day! :). "
"Drinking a Ten Ton Truck Vietnamese Coffee by  at   "
"Vietnamese fans greet Super Junior at the airport after a long wait "
"In response to feedback from community,  has created a new toll-free number (1-844-200-4466), email address "
" # - ://t.co/uat1c2WPbx"
" Come to Vietnam, kind of the same thing. Nap time is from 12-1:30pm. Literally nothing in the country func "
"For a moment I forgot how to speak vietnamese so I started talking in english but they didn understand qwq"
" Vietnamese official data for 1995 [9] - during the war, 1.1 million soldiers of the northern Vietnamese "
"  You're right the U.S. gov't lied us into the Vietnam War, like nearly every other war. It's "
"Pag kat-on na tawn mog straight english bi kay labad kaayos ulo mu sabots inyo Vietnamese na stinuryaan jusq :("
" Long's Provincial Vietnamese is my favorite restaurant in the united states of america because of their green mango salad"
"   No it wouldn't, the reason why germany didn't take over England was because of G "
"Not until 1995 did Vietnam release its official estimate of war dead: as many as 2 million civilians on both sides "
" : Tonight -  are serving their #Vietnamese bowls at  in #Leyton - hurry - ends tomorrow "
" : #ArtistsofSEA !!! I'm KGasp and mostly known as Gasp, a Vietnamese highschool student who draws unprofessionally for fun &gt;w&lt; "
" : PSA:  PLEASE IDENTIFY THIS RACIST. Thanks :)  - the   neighbor. "
"Like my brave Father Charles Jones who received the National defense service medal, Vietnamese service medal, parac "
" :  down Toyota Australia's ability to handle sales and deliver new cars, has been attributed by some industry experts"
"A Vietnamese-Italian fusion restaurant named Phogeddaboutit"
"     At some point you must have to question why would Thai au "
" oh hey, that is nice, what about all the Vietnamese and Cambodians we killed, and destabilized their gover "
"Broken Wings is a Japanese ballad reimagined by a Vietnamese artist."
"  : Mai Lan Fine Vietnamese Cuisine "
" : Check it out! I will help you everything relate to the vietnamese language for $5 on #Fiverr "
" it was similar to vietnamese so i didnt have trouble speaking it but the characters....intimidating"
"So okay, I'm trying to sleep until nag-init si mama ng nilagang baboy and she makes vietnamese fish sauce dip just for me "
"I got overly excited to eat cinnamon toast crunch only for my grandma to come back with a grocery bag full of vietn "
" down Toyota Australia's ability to handle sales and deliver new cars, has been attributed by some industr "
" I'm Vietnamese!"
"My Vietnamese nail tech: Are you part Asian?: I- I am Asian "
"  it Vietnamese soup"
" Ah yeah. My bf is Vietnamese and has that problem as well. I know there a difference in brow bone at th "
"The Vietnamese aren't so thankful! war based on a pack of lies, just like all their other wars. wo "
"I was weak and the Vietnamese place was across the street "
"people sometimes ask me what the secret to Vietnamese good and how they can make it and why it so good so I tho "
"Fanart of a #manhua i'm reading. Its Vietnamese title is Xu khu b l : c x th li nh. "
" May we honor this day and everyday to the over 58 thousand plus lives lost trying to free the South Viet "
" :  THREE BEER THURSDAY  Mail Order Martian - 7% Oat Cream DDH IPA  Ten Ton Truck - 10.2% Vietnamese Coffee Stout Pulp"
"World largest #ivory seizure + captive #lion breeding here to stay, says #DEA - In this week news wrap "
" ARE YOU VIETNAMESE"
"The ones who suffered during this War were the Vietnamese. Going into the tiny tunnels and squeezing in and out jus "
"There was a Viet lady who needed help bc she didn know English and I wish I knew a little bit of Vietnamese so th "
"Only thing is as soon as she said Vietnamese food my entire brain was like pho?pho?pho? but as it an off menu tas "
"      Amazing!! I'm Vietnamese and would definitely be interested!"
" : We should also remember the generations of Vietnamese children still being born with severe deformities because of agent or"
"Going to a Vietnamese food taster session with my mum tonight "
"  They really are completely deaf when it comes to Texas. Because they've attacked the Vietnamese immigrants too."
"Filipino boys               Vietnamese boys                                            ruining your life"
"My Vietnamese boss trying to learn Spanish to interact with our bilingual students is amazing, home girl is going to be trilingual "
""
"Easy Pho Noodle Soup (Nat'l Dish of #Vietnam) #VietnamWarVeteransDay {An #ESOL teacher of V "
"Vietnamese Lacquer is made by Traditional Artists. It should be hired manufacturing as your request of design and c "
" Wowwwwww, Vietnamese ELFs will have a lot of visiting from Oppa so soon."
"  Not to mention France didnt fight Vietnam in a war, they fought China and won Vietnam, then c "
"Tonight -  are serving their #Vietnamese bowls at  in #Leyton - hurry - ends tomorrow "
" Thank you Mr President ,the only President who praised the Vietnamese Veterans for their sacrifice "
"On her frame my eye's are focused through the camera and the lens forgive a playboy can I be baptized by Pamela "
"Throwback to when BTS sang Danger in Vietnamese, a South East Asian language. They totally messed up the pronunciat "
"There a white lady in the nail shop speaking English with a Vietnamese accent and I really didn plan on being t "
" Starbucks coffee tears my stomach up every time.  even the little bottles at the gas stations. so I tri "
"Sisters celebrate Lunar New Year. "
"IF YOU GUYS USE A DATING APP WHERE SOMEONE IS USING THESE PICTURES DO NOT ENGAGE! They using a famous Vietnamese "
"Renovated Vietnamese home  together with intricate steel threads://t.co/IAO4ccpVwA"
" No curry? What does that mean? If you are trying to revive the fish sauce bebacle, that was Vietnames "
" Yeah. We are more diverse. That just means we can make better tacos AND better foods from everywher "
"I want to make K get his feet done (his toe nails are DISGUSTING) but he so ticklish on his feet he send one of "
" :  The Vietnamese still suffer from the lingering affects of agent orange. Vietnam War remembrance that doesn't al"
"We've got 6 inch Vietnamese Subs for $3.99-$4.99 available Monday-Fridays #YQL Stop by in shop! #Lethbridge "
" Well,  they only like helping vets when the vets sign vietnamese praises aired on Vietnam tv while p "
" The Vietnamese still suffer from the lingering affects of agent orange. Vietnam War remembrance that doesn' "
"#Italian extrusion machinery specialist  Bandera SpA is expanding its reach in #Asia with a planned "
" Even for a lost cause, it was fought terribly, almost every confrontation. The US military literally blew u "
"I am ur Vietnamese nail auntie now. come 2 my salon and we'll watch anime while I do ur nails"
"The Vietnamese American Student Association  Barriers Culture Show features both modern and traditional "
"Vietnamese citizens fear that a new law - which would allow 99 year leases in proposed special economic zones - wou "
" Why are people abusing President Trump for not serving in Vietnam. Would you respect him if he had "
"  Why are people abusing President Trump for not serving in Vietnam. Would you respect hi "
"I want to take my Mom to visit #Osaka and #Kyoto which I love the most, for once time in her life  "
" : #oralhistory - stay tuned for an interview with Viet Thanh Nguyen .  He spoke to the Plebe class last night"
" : Vietnamese #DDGS imports have jumped 67% to 504,000 tons so far in the marketing year. #tradeworks https:"
" : Vietnamese coffee cocktail shared on #Instagram! Photo Credit:  #LeColonial #French #Vietnamese #Restauran"
" Some vietnamese women were raped by american men"
"Join us in a week (Apr 5) for a discussion with Georgetown Professor Christine So, who will be looking at "
" First major battle of a brutal imperialist venture that cost millions of Vietnamese lives, and 50, "
"Vietnamese lunch with one of my favorite little guys. #pho "
" Omg I had a Vietnamese friend throughout middle school and her dad had THE scariest sneeze I ever heard in my life"
" i thinketh its bc i dont put vietnamese in my bio or ever tweet in viet that noone ever wanna approach me talking in viet"
"  Hollywood needs authenticity in portraying journalists, they turn to Leyna! isn the co "
"Sometimes I have a hard time dealing with body image ideals here in South Korea....I'm Vietnamese so I've always be "
"Vietnamese nun in Tokyo prays for compatriots who lost lives at work in Japan, fearing more to come | The Japan Tim "
" Chinese intruders as these intruders are all over Vietnam today!, in other words, Vietnamese regime "
"  What are coastal voters? Working-class Caribbean-Americans in East Flatbush? Trump-voting "
"   Captured and served up military info to the North Vietnamese.. a real hero."
"  I have a feeling if most Americans moved to a foreign country, our parents wouldn say "
" In Vietnam today, several thousands Chinese secret agents, spies are well blended into this nation a "
" Also my advisor said I could get Vietnamese the quickest out of the three lmao"
"Recipe testing Vietnamese Bahn Mi Sandwiches and Shrimp Spring rolls in preparation for Susie Kitchen Jr. Culinar "
"We should also remember the generations of Vietnamese children still being born with severe deformities because of "
" : Birmingham  is one of our favourite spots in the city! We love exploring all the delicious cuisines on offe"
"Birmingham  is one of our favourite spots in the city! We love exploring all the delicious cuisine "
" Arabic you know the most about non-western Islam. Hindi is second best. I feel like you consider "
"Vietnamese coffee cocktail shared on #Instagram! Photo Credit:  #LeColonial #French #Vietnamese "
"  And millions of Vietnamese, Laotians, and Cambodians "
" : Imagine losing a war to Vietnamese farmers hahahah couldn't be meee"
"Dad stopped counting after the 113th Vietnamese he killed. No wonder he became an alcoholic who died drunk 9 years "
"   it's ironic to see uncle Ho smiling in that picture with uncle Sam "
" Are we celebrating the Vietnamese refugees we left behind too.  Remember the Gulf of Tonkin incident?"
"I have to pick a foreign language (Arabic, Hindi , or Vietnamese) to get a certificate in within the next hour"
" all of the Vietnam veterans I know and American Vietnamese refugees I know speak and spell English wit "
"Exporters yet to optimize FTA incentives: Vietnamese goods have undergone the first step of "
"   Why are you using the ridiculous euphemism of Asian? Is he Thai? Japanese? "
" : Today, we recognize between 627,000,000,000 Vietnamese civilian dead. "
""
" that being said social life in vietnamese urban centres are rapidly westernised so we'll be there soon enough"
"This was such a pretty install :    Vietnamese "
"Now my toes are drying.. Ms. Lynn the Vietnamese lady gave me the bomb pedicure! I had to tip .."
"Enjoying a b m and a Vietnamese coffee while listening to the (as usual) excellent ep of  on th "
"Learnt a harsh lesson in low hanging Vietnamese ceilings "
"Word straight out now that Chicago has it now that educational reforms in Jersey will be pending until the 2032 and "
"While y are celebrating white men that murdered and rape Vietnamese and other Southeast Asian people (especiall "
"Two famous murder trials ended on March 29th, 1971. One jury convicted Lt. William Calley of murdering Vietnamese c "
" Something I thought about today: The responses to this Trump tweet, from both liberals and conservative "
"Vietnamese children in  Bi H village near Saigon 1967-68 "
"We are so proud of Pre-Conservatory student Vinh Nguyen  for his fabulous performance of Liszt's 1st piano conce "
" War veterans should be honoured. But it is time to reflect. Why were so many atrocities committed on "
" Today we honor the vets of the Vietnamese war...thank you for what you do everyday, that we don't forge "
"  The Vietnamese was never goin to take your freedom you silly war mongin yank"
" We've got to know where we came from&amp;the content of our blood!Remember the Vietnamese took great pride i "
"To win the presidency:  successfully colluded with the Vietnamese.  successfully colluded with the Ira "
"Last night watched The Story of God,  w/Morgan Freedman. Scene, Morgan went to Vietnam and met a vietnamese man who "
"Looking for a Vietnamese photographer in Bowie area for our buddhist wedding ritual (13th of April), one week befor "
"When we came back to Korea, everytime I miss you, I will eat one bowl of  (Vietnamese Traditional Food). Even "
"#Great to meet with  underneath the  today! So much more to come from these guys make "
" :   After the US lost the Vietnam war, they took Lao, Vietnamese &amp; Cambodian ppl in as refugees in the 1"
"I miss  but I failed the visa today cause I took my Mom together. They said that maybe because  t "
"I still keep in touch from time to time with this Vietnamese-Australian I met back in New York while barhopping and "
" : March 29, 1965: The U.S. Navy really wanted to knock out a North Vietnamese radar station on B Long V Island. The R"
"Someone tell me why the ten words of Vietnamese I knew was all I could say last night. TELL ME"
" : Th thu Brexit c ch ph Anh b b v 344 phi ch "
"Drug bosses allegedly recruited Vietnamese nationals who were in Australia illegally to tend to a massive cannabis "
"We also can reframe our understanding of the Vietnam War by examining the lives of literal Vietnamese people. "
"1972:Prompted by a massive North Vietnamese invasion, US discards previous Rules of Engagement, ending restrictions "
" : Currently at Pho vietnamese restaurant for the second time today. I love the Hot noodle soup  . cant get enough of it"
"   Did you know that John McCain killed more Americans with poverty relat "
"    Her  hoodie also means rabbit in Vietnamese. The ki "
" For what? Was North Vietnam a threat to the US? How many Vietnamese were killed in that unjust war? "
"#VietnamWarVeteransDay the same to Cambodians, Laotian, Hmong, and Montagnards, we failed them, as well as those Vi "
"   Are you, Mr. Hoops? Kim Jon Un nuked Vietnam years ago after a V "
" One of the local school districts offers dual immersion classes in elementary school. Kids get half the Y "
"I'm unreasonably annoyed! They may have both used cuneiform but that's like saying English and Vietnamese are relat "
" Thank you! because im not Vietnamese, but im just a foreigner living in VN"
"this is what I think I look like when I tell ppl I Vietnamese and Mexican "
"Th thu Brexit c ch ph Anh b b v 344 phi ch "
" : today MEPs call on  to urge Thai authorities to provide immediate answers over disappearance of Vietnamese jour"
"Imagine losing a war to Vietnamese farmers hahahah couldn't be meee"
"Cross-Sectional Study to Characterise #Nicotine Dependence in Central Vietnamese Men "
"Cross-Sectional Study to Characterise #Nicotine Dependence in Central Vietnamese Men "
"Keep coconut milk and rice noodles in your pantry for this #Vietnamese chicken noodle soup. Delicious and #healthy "
"XO Bistro &amp; Cafe serves up Vietnamese fare worthy of return visits "
" Vietnam veterans day and you are showing a clip of Vietnamese soldiers on your show. Come on get this fixe "
"Annie explains the Wikipedia entry for Vietnamese grammar #learnvietnamesewithannie"
"If you love a little heat  Vietnamese salt and pepper squid, grilled and served with birds eye chili and a scal "
" : It a busy morning today in our Gifted &amp; Talented Academy baseroom. Students are teaching one another about Vietnamese"
"Th Thi 122:6-7  Bible:  c ho b cho Gi-ru-sa-lem; nh ai y m th  "
"VIETNAM- LEGAL ALE - MARRIAGE AND PROPEY/REAL ESTATE  - Foreigners are better off if they do NOT marry Vietname "
"We tend to see the things of our past from our perspective only. It's nice to see these types of pieces showing not "
"#live #news 29/03/2019: Tin t bu s  m v   xem: "
"     imo one white american is worth 1000 vietnamese and i dont care about em"
" : Ok so a thread. Caveat: this is from my perspective as a cis person of Vietnamese descent and also this is not really straig"
"  I feel nothing for sorrow for all the troops duped by the US government into Vietnam, for thos "
" nice of you to have a segment honoring Vietnam veterans but your b-roll video footage accompanying the int "
" Thanks for Vietnamese  army veteran. They fight for Motherland! all brave people in Vietnam!"
"What was thought to be a Vietnamese triads domain turned out to be an illegal Chinese production of cannabis, afte "
" Don forget the Vietnamese soldiers who stayed in Vietnamese prison camps for many years like my "
"March 29, 1965: The U.S. Navy really wanted to knock out a North Vietnamese radar station on B Long V Island. T "
"On #VietnamWarVeteransDay I honor my late grandfather who was a second naval lieutenant colonel in both the Vietnam "
" Yeah, let's celebrate the death of millions of Vietnamese civilians - for nothing."
"They were all trying to speak Vietnamese and that's the cutest thing ever. Especially Ryeowookie who could speak so "
"New post (Instant Pot Vietnamese Pho - Gluten Free (1 Hr and 30 Min Total Time )) has been published on The Health "
" : #.Wheein_MoosPostit_Project (Vietnamese)#.HAPPYWHEEINDAY credit:  "
"  Many vietnamese still suffering from Agent Orange exposure too, it's so horior!!! Devil!!"
" : Concert this morning at a Vietnamese school was so fun.  We also learned about Vietnamese musical instruments and took"
" Everybody gangsta till the trees start speaking Vietnamese"
"  *No, they were losers okay? I don't like soldiers who were captured and didn't even hit "
"Our All About #NJWIC Fact Sheet is now available in 13 languages!  Arabic Bengali Burmese Chinese Guja "
"Concert this morning at a Vietnamese school was so fun.  We also learned about Vietnamese musical instruments and t "
" Barnegat Twp N.J. has the only one-of-a-kind Vietnam Veterans monument in the country that was designed &amp; "
"TransCycle: Finnish, Ukrainian, Danish, Vietnamese, Tajik, Icelandic, Italian, Haitian Creole, Hungarian"
"What a complete waste of taxpayers money.  drug my ass.  caught up in $5m Qld drug bust "
""
"The last 2 girls I was with with ..on was Chinese Vietnamese and the other a Native American girl"
" : In English it called   Chinese it called  French it called   Japanese it called"
" I have a new idea for a reality show with Trump as the star. I want to copy that scene in the Twilight "
" As a fellow Vietnamese, lemme just say with certainty, stfu with this ignorant take. How disappointi "
"  your simply a Karruche Tran....I killed of a Vietnamese tran in my class and knew she wou "
"We would like to thank and #honor all those who served in the #Vietnam #War.   #sacrifice #military #usmilitary "
"Craving some Vietnamese flavours?   and her Vietnamese Tempeh noodle salad is the best way to jump i "
" : What the fuck are you talking about, Vlad will nuke us because we caught his assets and dupes here in the States? You kn"
"Dinh III / The Third Mansion of the Vietnamese last emperor / Bao Dai Summer Palace #TakeABreak #VietnamTrip "
" 5 dead Vietnamese aren, you lying pieces of !"
" : JOHN McCAIN you know him? again... the Vietnamese with #GeorgeSoros/trained ISIS"
"Perstaym ko kumain ng vietnamese noodles kanina :-D hindi naman ako nadisappoint, nayanig nga lang ang wallet ko D-:"
"A little old Vietnamese woman just told me a man should be doing my job. Considering calling my supervisor to see i "
"Yelpers are raving about our Vietnamese-style citrus peel Wagyu steak with shiso leaf namul!"
"Need a Vietnamese examination of conscience? (or ones in English and Spanish)? A fresh examination of conscience ca "
"A very unpopular war, but coming from a military family, my love always goes out to the poor youth that gave their "
"Coming at you live, the sexy, Vietnamese Shih tzu drooled on Lil Pump! Wow!"
"Need a Vietnamese examination of conscience? (or ones in English and Spanish)? A fresh examination of conscience ca "
"Journalism Editors' Choice Photo via  Incense is drying. Vietnamese women wear a cone hat. by kaakkubota20142 "
" Can't tell if someone is Korean or Vietnamese just by looking:. them where they might be from "
"Incense is drying. Vietnamese women wear a cone hat. by somchai sanvongchaiya "
"I grew up in Hungary. As a kid, I remember seeing Vietnamese pilots being trained there. So, that young American so "
"Incense is drying. Vietnamese women wear a cone hat. by somchai sanvongchaiya "
"I cool with all people. Albanians, Brits, Portuguese, Brazilians, Ricans, Haitians, Vietnamese, Germans, Egyptian "
" Jgn sis.. vietnamese skrang ramai yg hensem2.."
"Muka dia macam Vietnamese je  "
"Vietnamese rice farmers"
"#VietnamWarVeteransDay honor their sacrifice, but realize that all of it was in vain. To any descendants of South V "
"  How many Vietnamese children did he kill?"
" Nami-an ko da mag tambay... namit ila vietnamese coffee"
" 'c' and 'k' in Vietnamese sounds exactly the same but 'k' only use with i,e OH MY GOD I FORGET HOW TO USE THAT IN A HOT SECOND"
" i heard someone speaking vietnamese once, is a beautiful language- i would probably struggle a bit too"
"Happy #VietnamWarVeteransDay to all those who served, unlike the orange agent MFer in the WH. However, FUCK AMERICA "
"Evanescence: My Immortal (Official Music Video) ://t.co/G3VGzvkvAR : (Vietnamese) To hug, to snuggle."
"PERSONA appeared on Vietnamese National News...so proud uwu#MAP_OF_THE__SOUL_PERSONA  "
"kidzbopdeathgrips: john mccain: *committing war crimes* north vietnamese SAM operator: "
"Idea: Vietnamese language Divine Liturgy of St. John Chrysostom"
"Finally made it to Portland Maine. Need food after staying up all night. #food #foodie #travel ( Huong's Vietnames "
"  Lol 3 million Vietnamese, over 1 million Cambodians, hundreds of thousands to millions "
"BBC News Ti Vi - V sao Tr Qu l m trong 10 ch ' b nh th gi'? "
"Love and solidarity to all the Vietnamese veterans that fought to keep their country free from French and American "
" its funnnnnnn but also rlly hard to teach foreign (some of my forreign friends learned Vietnamese and the "
"  They're not trying to own the Vietnamese"
"If you believe that EN is the official language of the US, I afraid you mistaken! At the federal level, there "
"Chi Pu | NGUOI NAO HAY (Friend Zone OST. - Vietnamese Version) | Official Music Video "
"Did you know our vietnamese steam rolls are made fresh to order? in Vegetarian and Gluten Free Options "
"Items shipped today from The Grand Tower Taft Avenue to Agora. Thank You especially to one of our customers Mr. Coco, vietnamese national."
"#VietnamWarVeteransDay So important to honor our soldiers who gave their lives out of service and dedication to the "
" And all the vietnamese killed by other vietnamese because the communist vietnamese didn't like their we "
" : Modelling the factors affecting the adoption of eco-friendly rice production in the Vietnamese Mekong Delta "
"Also tied at second has to be Vietnamese and Thai food, steak (it's a cuisine), and Cheetos (the crunchy kind)."
"  I'm sorry but I'm not good at Korea. So can I translate it from Eng into Vietnamese. I wan "
"  KuCoin is doing really well, especially in Vietnam market. representative-Mr. Vinh "
" We, the American slaves descendant show up in all the America wars  - too bad our follow American "
" : You like bacon? How about Vietnamese salons? way here's this week's episode, where we discuss All Will Be Well"
"My most heartfelt gratitude to the more than 2.7m Americans who served in the Vietnam War, including 58,220 killed. "
"  and after the Vietnam War, the Vietnamese-American population was on the rise. Did we con "
"I imagine smoking crack feels similar to the way this Vietnamese iced coffee is making me feel"
"thank you vietnamese ELFs for singing happy birthday for hyukjae hyung  i sense that he is very touched  "
"   Didn't realize there wasn't Vietnamese food in LFK. Surprised. 715's versio "
" My son and I will be there tomorrow. Can't wait. And if you are in AC now and want to go to an awes "
"        "
" We, the American slaves descendant show up in all the America wars  - too bad our follow American "
"  surprised you didn't post a picture of you honoring the Vietnamese lives lost."
"I've been trying to find a name for these. We call them shy plants in vietnamese "
"   Yeah, we'd all be under Vietnamese Communist rule if not for the sacrifice of the few. "
" : PhD day #legalhistory: four inspiring presentations by Lin-Nh Pham (Vietnamese family law), Mathieu Wattrelos (law in"
" *Laughs in Vietnamese*"
"  Me serving  a bowl of pho at a Vietnamese/Italian restaurant called  Get About Its."
"   He did the right thing in getting out of it. No one belonged in Vietn "
" it does say nothing like a little bit of vietnamese food for lunch ..."
"it might rain  in #Vietnamese "
"A company headquartered in Quang Nam Province was identified as the recipient of the items, Vietnamese newspaper Th "
"  You mean 'Song Bird'? was the name given to John McCain by the North Vietname "
"The Black Angels - The First Vietnamese War - Passover (2006)"
" : threw up...  out...  awaken to Vietnamese food."
" LMAAOOO she really asked the Korean girls how to pronounce something in vietnamese "
"New 500px Editors' Choice : Incense is drying. Vietnamese women wear a cone hat. by kaakkubota20142516 "
" "
"   As a young man President Trump defended the night clubs and country clu "
"      Did he have to abandon his helicopter in the ocean? "
"Chinese tourist visits the Red Sand Dunes in Phan Thi wearing traditional Vietnamese clothing. "
"500px Editors' Choice : Incense is drying. Vietnamese women wear a cone hat. by kaakkubota20142516 "
"Earthtones remind me of spring, ice cream sends my mind racing ahead to summer. Matcha swirled with Vietnamese cold "
"I cry because i happy when we met in my country, i listen you speak vietnamese. I hope see you soon ~#V_HEABEAT "
"How to Use #RiceNoodles will get you set to make Vietnamese salad rolls, Pad Thai and so much more. Stock up your p "
"I want Vietnamese food SO BADLY!! :("
"sewoon is gonna get to eat real authentic vietnamese pho before the pho-maniac mxm i cant"
"PhD day #legalhistory: four inspiring presentations by Lin-Nh Pham (Vietnamese family law), Mathieu Wattrelos (la "
"Families, we need your feedback!English "
"500px Editors' Choice : Incense is drying. Vietnamese women wear a cone hat. by kaakkubota20142516 "
"God adds new Vietnamese Believers in Thailand to the Kingdom visitation in the Chinese New Year, five peopl "
" I want to say thanks to all my brothers &amp; sisters that served in this unpopular war. Over 58 thousand l "
" sweats bullets because i don't know vietnamese"
"I did not know this! #Vietnamese language is 30% #Mandarin + 30% #Cantonese, can someone confirm this with me?"
"Incense is drying. Vietnamese women wear a cone hat. by kaakkubota20142516 "
" Vietnamese Americans do"
" : Today is #VietnamWarVeteransDay! Earlier this week, representatives of the U.S. and Vietnamese governments, along with veterans a"
"The tasty #Pork Meatball Banh Mi at  with Pickled Veggies, Cilantro, Cucumbers, and Sriracha Mayo-- "
"  2) That not excusing communism, but just the facts. Our protection of colonialism and imperial "
" Mission Cantina Vietnamese Breakfast. A brief hot flame of pho and congee and baguettes with pate."
" I think it must be skipped, thi was most sordid era in history of US  after WW2. People shudder at "
"AND RYEOWOOK SPEAKS VIETNAMESE DRIVES ME FUCKING CRAZY OH MY GODDDDDDDDDDDDDD"
"  Oh man no but there a Vietnamese place near here that does lychee juice and puts whole "
" The American soldier had to hang his head on the plane and take the flag back home because he enco "
"#InterestingInformation 3/29/71, Lt. Wm. Calley is convicted of premeditated murder in the killing of hundreds of u "
" GarethPorter: False narratives paved the way for the Vietnam War. The very first one was a very popular book by "
"Incense is drying. Vietnamese women wear a cone hat. by somchai sanvongchaiya is drying. Vietnamese women "
"I just translated for my Vietnamese client "
"Little V Vietnamese Bistro has  as the community has grown "
"i have vietnamese mutuals but i never talk to them bc idk if i should reply in english bc they talked in english or "
"Incense is drying. Vietnamese women wear a cone hat. by somchai sanvongchaiya "
"Incense is drying. Vietnamese women wear a cone hat. by somchai sanvongchaiya "
" Thank you for mentioning Vietnam veterans and US veterans. But the heroic Vietnamese veterans have "
" : North Korea receives an estimated 100,000 foreign tourists a year, according to industry insiders, though Pyongyang does not"
"This white dude tried to CORRECT ME in class how to pronounce ph. When I AM Vietnamese."
"North Korea receives an estimated 100,000 foreign tourists a year, according to industry insiders, though Pyongyang "
" KENNEDY PUT BOOTS ON THE GROUND AND NIXON WAS BEAT UP TO STOP IT PREMATURELY , 2.3M. VIETNAMESE DI "
" reference to the vietnam war? racist memes about vietnamese people?When the forest starts speaki "
" If your favorite soup isn't Vietnamese noodles w/ beef broth what the PHO king hell are you doing with your life"
"Happy Vietnam veterans day to EVERYONE who fought. Vietnamese and Americans and anybody else :)"
" And pundits are going to spend the next year saying, without evidence or cause that gop is courting A "
"During ment, Ryeowook speaks fully in Vietnamese..he always work hard to speak foreign languages..i  "
" : No auto shop would hire a woman, now she the face of the trades.. to the bravery of an athlete confined to a wheelchair."
" Glory to the Vietnamese people who fought bravely against the aggressor!"
" : retweet if you want to win a Vietnamese"
"Vietnamese hip-hop queen shines in Vogue Japan, Asian documentary "
"      He is not going to get the brown, "
" : What do you call a country where a bunch of white people say it's for ourselves and our Posterity -? Is that a Korean"
"Vietnamese entry wins two awards at UK short film festival "
"Vietnamese customs officials inspect a huge haul of suspected ivory seized from a timber shipment from the ... "
" : Land grabs and labour: Vietnamese workers on rubber plantations in southern Laos "
"What do you call a country where a bunch of white people say it's for ourselves and our Posterity -? Is that a Ko "
"#VietnamWarVeteransDay My Grandfather served in 8 years in Vietnam in different combat roles. He is one of my role "
"  I'm Vietnamese and i'm husband of you CHUNGGGHAAAA"
"Hey, the Vietnamese girls wearing Ao dai is always graceful "
"Vietnamese -American petition:  are against Socialism because Socialism only brings poverty, injustice, corrupti "
"Vietnamese NVA officers and soldiers take pictures of defeated US soldiers getting on US Air Forces planes and leav "
"Soul food and Vietnamese  #Vegan of course.  "
" : H N v Jakarta 'nh  Nam ' v  nhi kh kh "
"   Lol whatever it is , it works.  make Vietnamese cuisine and sushi for their menu ."
"#VietnamVeteransDay My Lai Massacre was the Vietnam War mass murder of unarmed South Vietnamese civilians by U.S. t "
"How to make the perfect iced #coffee for #summer #vietnam #foodie #recipe "
"Today is #NationalVietnamVeteransDay. Thank you to all Vietnam War Vets for your service and sacrifice.  "
"the latest in tonight  grabfood saga: ordered vietnamese food, it says order received, says it be here "
" : Always keep your smile naaa #happyBESTday22nd ##bestvittawin #BestvvFamily #Vietnamese #"
" Does that include a Vietnamese veterans who fought so bravely for our side Mr. President?!!"
"March 29th 1971 -US: Lt. William Calley is convicted of the premeditated murder of at least 22 Vietnamese civilians "
"Banh mi with 5 fillings  #vietnameserestaurant #vietnamesegrill #annam #malboroughma "
"New Falansai dish: Pan-seared Salmon over Vietnamese Vermicelli Noodles. For lunch and dinner. Photo credit: "
" : Vlog 'Ch tr Vi Nam' c Nguy  Anh g tranh c "
"Con trai  Tr B H b b, kh t "
" To bad they were lied into war and sent to die and get injured for nothing. Maybe an apology would "
" So many Americans got slaughtered to serve American imperialist interests. They committed war crim "
"   I'm curious: Vietnamese magic sauce?"
"   Yeah cuz those Vietnamese people really posed a serious threat #PhonyWar"
"a lil startle bcs im Vietnamese a      "
"  You forgot to mention 1.5 Vietnamese were slaughtered.  American lives matter. I bet yo "
"Buddhist nun prays for Vietnamese workers who died in Japan "
"Interpreter - PRN/Vietnamese - Intermoun - Salt Lake City, UT   "
"  C  ch "
"Nah the Vietnamese need they reprearations"
"  "
" Dat Phan is a Vietnamese American comedian who has a routine involving land mines that is a HOOT b "
" : S ti t c nh ngay khi Bighit x nh th l tr, link stream m c s update ngay khi c #BTS "
" : [  tr  ] -4/4 :#BT21_UNIVERSE-6+7/4:WT Bangkok-12/4: #BTSCOMEBACK -13/4: #BTSxSNL (comeback stage)"
"      And just think, while the  "
"Interpreter - PRN/Vietnamese - Intermoun - Salt Lake City, UT   "
" . ... I have the thickest strongest neck. I am a real long-ball hitter. I would ha "
"Dig this Thailand... Remote fan in my Vietnamese room.. "
"  of course, but what? Americans or Vietnamese?"
"Ryeowook is me trying to learn Vietnamese from my coworkers .... whoops no I spoke too soon, donghae- it donghae"
"I'm heading off to LA tomorrow and I'm super jazzed. Living pretty rural in the midwest has it's perks, but I'm als "
" : . talks about U.S. and Vietnamese efforts to clean up areas contaminated by agent orange, ahead of a visit by "
" The hell with Trump. motherfucker wouldn't even survive half the shit that asylum seekers and "
"    My father who served in Vietnam 1969-70 as a Senior NCO Advisor(MACV) "
"Ment - Leeteuk: its been long since we last greet you guys.: happy to see you guys today. Do you guys unde "
" Its even worse than that. As WW2 OSS veterans who were personally guided by Ho Chi Minh through the jun "
"Today, we recognize between 627,000,000,000 Vietnamese civilian dead. "
"They collab with this Vietnamese artist and create this amazing masterpiece but half of the fandom didn't know bout "
"Today is #VietnamWarVeteransDay! Earlier this week, representatives of the U.S. and Vietnamese governments, along w "
" Just like he coordinated with the Vietnamese, coordinated with ISIS, coordinated with Obama, and kille "
" : New Hampshire City Approves Vietnamese Restaurant Funny "
"so there is a vietnamese girl who pretends to be Fond from BNK48 and she reposts everything from Fond's SNS on her "
"Vietnamese Authorities Control Spread of #AfricanSwineFever #ASF with the Use of #NuclearderivedTechniques "
" Tibetian monk sets himself on fire in protest of the persecution of Buddhists by the South Vietnamese. (Colorized)"
"Not a word of apology for the millions killed for spurious motives. Unbearable then &amp; unbearable in hindsight. What "
"Thinking today, as always, of the millions of lives destroyed by capitalist wars of aggression. of the immense "
"Vietnamese workers, streaming to Japan, face risks as labour system opens up://t.co/mX6sngdWDM"
" Do you feel guilty for almost starting the second half Vietnamese War?"
"Vlog 'Ch tr Vi Nam' c Nguy  Anh g tranh c "
" scrolled for 5 minutes through her IG to find her Asian (likely Filipino or Vietnamese) mother tho. That v "
"New Hampshire City Approves Vietnamese Restaurant Funny "
" I already knew the tip was in there...Vietnamese Cambodian Thai the money is no good."
"  Did you know that John McCain killed more Americans with poverty related reasons tha "
"    The only ones that do are the Darker ones the Vietnamese Cambo "
"  flag of Perth post story not Chinese flag but Vietnamese flag. Please remove it so "
" Well America's know you was hiding under a rock while Senator John McCain was being tortured by th "
"Dinner vietnamese roll je  hehehe.  "
"So I watched Us and did you know the word Th on the daughter's jacket means rabbit in vietnamese? Such a coi "
" : Heyo I'm Krys  I'm a Vietnamese-Australian designer/illustrator in Melbourne and I wanna eventually make my own stories! #V"
"Vietnamese businesses have been urged to change their production and export methods to boost shipments to China  a "
"No auto shop would hire a woman, now she the face of the trades.. to the bravery of an athlete confined to a whee "
" The world and the Vietnamese people will never forget the massacres and crimes committed by the US "
"    I thinking about all the 100s thousands of dead Vietnamese women, ch "
"    The millions of Vietnamese civilians dead."
"#goldenbull #restaurant #hongkong #tst #favourite #garlicprawns #vietnamese #gathering #food #yummy #yummyfood  Go "
"this #VietnamWarVeteransDay, remember there are also Vietnamese vets. a good place to start is this review of Natha "
"Pulling out of Vietnam in 1975 was the worst mistake in US foreign policy in all our history.  It led to 1 million "
"       4) McCain was a traitor, a "
"  lets take a moment to remember that LBJ, the Democrats, and the anti war movement (supp "
"Im back at my favourite Vietnamese food place life is......... so good"
"i want to learn Arabic and Hindi and Igbo and Vietnamese "
"One essential thing #Wedding was missing was a good #Vietnamese takeaway. There were a few middle-of-the-road pan-A "
" Imagine Vietnamese who fought for America and Vietnamese who fleet the war with horrific things do "
"  Can we customize the box for a small fee? Like Vodka or Wine instead of burbon? Also, hig "
"What the fuck are you talking about, Vlad will nuke us because we caught his assets and dupes here in the States? Y "
"  flag of Perth post story not Chinese flag but Vietnamese flag. Please remove it so "
" My honor and respect to all those soldiers who lost their lives for a bunch of political interests in "
"  Please do also remember all the US troops which did not return as well as all those "
"Vietnamese nun in Tokyo prays for compatriots who lost lives at work in Japan, fearing more to come | The Japan Tim "
"Vietnamese, foreign female diplomats meet in Hanoi: Ambassador Nguyen Nguyet Nga (Source "
" In the past, The United States did misunderstand and misconduct a nonsense war in Vietnam. Althoug "
"  Stop fat shaming people! And also: in your diversity carousel, you forgot the following mod "
"On this Vietnam War Veterans Day let's also remember the 55,000 young Americans whose lives were cut short and the "
" Thank you for the Gulf Of Tonkin LIE that enabled the killing of 60K Americans, and half a million "
" Fresh veggies, herbs, sometimes seafood wrapped in rice paper (not fried).  I think also known as Vietnamese spring rolls."
" :  Celebrate John McCain that was abused by the Vietnamese for 5 years+. he could have gotten out sooner, bu"
"  I'm so angry that there are Vietnamese villagers alive who should be dead because trump dodged the draft!"
"#StockFootage, by definition, is a medium that wears many hats... find your prefect headwear today!(Or download t "
" 'cause of #SUPERJUNIOR I'll be watch all this Vietnamese country disco!#VHEABEATLIVEMARCH2019 #Vpop"
"vietnamese ELFs are really well bahaved, we can just tell by how much super junior records them, i hope they get a SS8 in vietnam "
" : Maybe if kpop idols did a vietnamese version for their songs it would slap.... "
"mar 28: 22 jump street (2014) // vietnamese jesus really did die for our cynthias"
"      Hell--Richard Nixon's team in '68 talked the "
"i've really heard it all about what ethnicity i look like. i've heard mexican, chinese, thai, vietnamese, korean, s "
"The birthday girl at work wants to go to the spicy Vietnamese place for lunch. Y pray for me - and whoever happ "
" And thanks for all the Vietnamese women we trafficked through our massage shops. My buddies are your biggest fans."
"Awaken your soul at our most spectacular resort in Vietnam: The Meli Ho Tram. Every detail in our 17-hectare space "
"  Yeah, we'd be speaking Vietnamese if not for them!"
" So subjective. Sometimes short and black, sometimes with steamed milk, Vietnamese coffee with conde "
" Yall are disgusting. Yes he dodged the draft but today is a day to remember the Vietnamese Vets. T "
" We celebrates the  Vietnamese Veterans who fought and conquered their enemy which is  the hope of "
" Yes, thank you to all veterans including John McCain, who chose to not use his privilege to better "
" : View m ng th s r r r ch  m.n  h t gi stream v k g nh m.n "
"Locations for Friday 3/29 Melt Machine Food Truck will be at Frontier (610 E Zack Street Tampa FL 33602) from "
"last night i had a dream that i went to a Vietnamese prison and drank all their water"
" Twitter translated half Vietnamese &amp; is it only Vietnamese? "
" While trying to deport Vietnamese refugees who worked with the those veterans during year."
" Eating Vietnamese food out of a trainer?"
" Celebrate John McCain that was abused by the Vietnamese for 5 years+. he could have gotten out soo "
" vietnamese be like n word"
""
"As a Vietnamese-American, I remain humbled and honored to follow the path of our Vietnam War Veterans.  Please show "
"I have an inexplicable fear of having an enemy serve me a bowl of fake Vietnamese noodles. 's right, I have a "
" : Vietnamese Pork &amp; Morning Glory Recipe | Big Night In  #delish "
" So Go Chi Minh was right. South Vietnamese government was serving you., you were dealing with a severe bone spur case."
" Said the 5 x Draft Dodger and insulter of POW's and Vietnam Veterans like John McCain.  Tru "
" :  Thank you when you always help the country of Vietnamese people. Before the two countries were once ho"
" Thank you when you always help the country of Vietnamese people. Before the two countries were onc "
" More importantly the Vietnamese"
"The Vietnamese army celebrates all heroes in Vietnam and the United States. Thank you for our great world project!"
"That day, Vietnamese, because we all salute the soldiers of the brave and Vietnamese. Thank you for your service."
"As long as the Vietnamese struggle, we are celebrating the Vietnamese and American forces. Thank you for your service to our great country!"
" : Caphe Sua Da #icedcoffee #vietnamese #coffee #caphe #milk  Pho hoa "
"Drinking a Ten Ton Truck Vietnamese Coffee by  at   "
"THANKS TO MASTER-NIM FOR PRECIOUS PHOTOS  OUT WITH FULL CREDIT  NOT EDIT OR CUT LOGO  HQs BELONG TO OWN "
"Two massive sin the world learn Japanese-influences Vietnamese cuisine a lot! #andi "
"So I cooked Vietnamese Caramelised Pork and it's good! (veggies on the side w/o the dressing yet lol) "
"Caphe Sua Da #icedcoffee #vietnamese #coffee #caphe #milk  Pho hoa "
" : Young Vietnamese face promise and peril in Japan.  reports: "
" The vietnamese guy might be mad cause the irish sided with Hitler in WW2."
"Remind you, the Toyota Australia hack has been previously attributed with medium confidence to APT32, a Vietnamese "
"#NationalVietnamVeteransDay - In Denver, there is a ceremony at 10 a.m. at a memorial built by members of the Vietn "
"Every time reactionary brainlets go on about low T or dimorphism or whatever garbage biology take they're pushing t "
"I argue that Vietnamese food and places like union loafers sum up St. Louis cuisine far better, based on my exper "
" : ++ TONIGHT AT NOOK ++ 6pm we have Mama Chus Kitchen at nook serving up some amazing Vietnamese dishes 8pm we hav"
" : YOU CAN'T PAY        OTHER RACES OF PEOPLE WILL DOWN"
" s th  g  x h d s Vi Nam H RFA-03-27://t.co/QCMOwBQEVp "
"Happy Friday !!! grab a chilled drink with a delicious plate of Vietnamese rice-paper spring rolls and enjoy a "
" : Vietnamese nun in Tokyo prays for compatriots who lost lives at work in Japan, fearing more to come "
"It's springtime which means time to check out all of the local Vietnamese Student Association shows! Thanks to the "
"Nh  sa l t , gi Ph gi qu doanh Trung Qu v Vi Nam Khanh-03-28* B vi kh "
" :   The Vietnamese sandwich discussion, the peanut butter on my dick, hell just about all of the movie t"
"han e pre-birthday gift vo mim host kriegt, vietnamese people are the sweetest "
" turned him over, he said.  face had exploded like a piece of popcorn. ://t.co/1sQSzg9Xlh"
"Great great beer. Bags of coffee. Wonderfully boozy. - Drinking a Ten Ton Truck - Vietnamese Coffee Edition by "
" :  you are watching  Saigon today ... try to see and hear it differently. Consider the perspectives ... of Vietname"
"V ch Ba V c d hi vi ph ph lu h s Trang Nhung-03-28* B vi kh th hi quan "
"B Kinh c   m r  h ch quy b ngo  l b  Bi -03-27 "
" : Time for #China to stop any fire drills in our #Vietnamese islands.#Vietnam must claim internationally in harder way to"
"No one should be listening to that big stomach Vietnamese guy, to the big mouth and to the burger guy at all. No on "
"Vietnamese customs has seized over nine tonnes of ivory in a container shipment from the Republic of Congo, thought "
" is run by Quynh Tran and her mother Loan Nguyen - the head chef, who for more than 30 years has wor "
"Trung Qu s  t tu tra 10.000 t  ti-03-28://t.co/9GTQqBq9tc "
"  They are death in vietnamese too :D"
"Modelling the factors affecting the adoption of eco-friendly rice production in the Vietnamese Mekong Delta "
"H N v Jakarta 'nh  Nam ' v  nhi kh kh "
"T sao  Nguy Quang H Nh b tr xu kh n ? Ng Gi-03-28://t.co/H3bnAeBxLl "
"Me and my supervisor having a conversation:: there a Vietnamese person on this season for American Idol: "
"i just had three huge vietnamese spring rolls with tons of veggies in them for lunch and now i about to explode"
" : Veautiful ARMY c tui  16M n th, c  em n l N T tr comeback n  ng n ,  m come"
"C ty b s h may m M b ki v nh h may m tr thu t Vi Nam-03-28 "
" : #NewProfilePic Vietnamese Farmer surrounded by American troops "
" Also one of my close friends is Vietnamese and he also looks different, but I love him as a friend."
"Ho Anh Gia Lai b thu h 742 hecta   t t Campuchia-03-28://t.co/mY1pA0fkD6 "
"IFC credit package boosts #lending to Vietnamese #SMEs #fintech #SME #finance "
"Lovely bitter choc &amp; coffee - Drinking a Ten Ton Truck Vietnamese Coffee by  at    "
"Brb crying over vietnamese/asian Renee how did I miss this can I S C R E A M "
"Interested in knowing more about Vietnamese from a linguistic perspective? This (long) lesson is for you! "
"Ole VASA Culture Show explores living  the hyphen of Asian-American identity "
"Vi Nam n th hi m bi ph b v c d  Th H-03-28://t.co/497B9PNGSX "
"  Headed to Vietnam tomorrow for Spring Break! It will be interesting seeing the Viet "
"Vi Nam ph hai  d bu ma t xuy qu gia-03-28://t.co/hcLguuJKkO "
" : 190329#BT21_UNIVERSE #BTS TEASER 2  qu  n ch ("
"  "
"For when you need something properly satisfying to eat al desko. Even better, it made with a few leftovers from t "
" : [INFO ]190329 x nh t ch 5th Muster t 2   Busan v Seoul.  Asiad Stadium(15+16/6) ch :"
" My Vietnamese princess"
"YOU CAN'T PAY        OTHER RACES OF PEOPLE WILL "
"Young Vietnamese face promise and peril in Japan "
" tho Ch tr, An ninh, Qu ph Vi - M l th 10-03-28://t.co/2HRnobJXUh "
"BBC News Ti Vi -  L b v cu chi  th c m ng Vi  M "
"B gi h 9 t ng voi t  N-03-28://t.co/SBc2Vq5rk0 "
"BBC News Ti Vi - Vi Nam v c s 'tr l' m m  khu v c "
" US Army provides complementary helicopter transportation to Saigon staff. The North Vietnamese role has been undetermined."
"  There isn a lot of Vietnamese food in LFK. I can think of a place that makes a banh m "
"Vi Nam l l ph  ho  c Trung Qu  Bi -03-28://t.co/ZF4XIkcaC2 "
"Italian extrusion machinery maker Bandera will deliver this high output three-layer line for production of heavy-du "
" : Spoorloos! Zaterdag 30-03 in Argos 14-15 uur  #lostineurope "
"The language barrier between me &amp; this guy I been seeing is so strong that all this time I thought he just reall "
"A Vietnamese feast went down for lunch a few days ago and it was gooooood.  is a family run res "
" it is pronounced  but it has diacritic marks that most people forget about, but most Vietnamese "
" :   This disgrace would've said the same thing about post-war #refugees, vietnamese, cambodians. Every"
" : Have you seen the trailer for #BTS' upcoming #Map_Of_The_Soul_Persona album?! Check out the video here: "
" : Stories that will make you smile, that will melt your hearts, that will make you stay up all night for more!"
" :  "
" : # #5THMUSTER &lt;MAGIC SHOP&gt;   "
" : !   ! # # #BTSWORLD #BTS "
"  C l "
" : [C NH 29.03 ]               STREAM+  : 483.6M+     ( 16.3M N ): 524.7M+: 678.4M+"
" : [#] ..       ...        ("
"Spoorloos! Zaterdag 30-03 in Argos 14-15 uur  #lostineurope "
" : [ STREAMING ] 10 MV NHI L XEM NH C  . DNA: 678.4M+. FIRE: 524.7M+. Fakelove: 483.6M+"
" Trump could have easily dispoved that he was compromised by the Russians simply by starting a war with the "
" : Met a 19 year old Vietnamese kid today who has only been in the states for 2 months and this is what he had to say about m"
"I will not initiate a Vietnamese club until I can have a club where I can tackle the lack of Vietnamese people in p "
"the man looks at me. He starts to speak in a weird language, like a mix between Vietnamese and Spanish or Arabic, b "
" : I asked Latinx neighbors 18-22 what's missing from the streamers- Netflix/Hulu/Amazon. They said #Kpop vampires! I agree. T"
"Suju in Vietnam "
" : Vietnamese will be proud of this cuz #Bcnex can be the first licensed #cryptocurrency exchange in Vietnam! $BCNX $BNB $HT"
" : [IG] 190328  jour de l'InstaStory de #DONGHAE  Vietnamiennes- ELF-: leedonghae-Hyun- htt"
"European Capitals of Culture introduced to Vietnamese: The Hanoitimes  The European "
"Top legislator France visit to bolster bilateral cooperation: Vietnamese Ambassador to "
" : Let sing along to this adorable lyric video!-MAK or Ng N Hay, #FRIENDZONE official soundtrack, it now has a Vietnam"
"Vietnamese Pho Restaurant - #ad"
"  ...   (Vietnamese Memorial Clock Tower) "
"Cross-Sectional Study to Characterise #Nicotine Dependence in Central Vietnamese Men "
"Vietnamese dinner!!! ( Ph H) "
"Land grabs and labour: Vietnamese workers on rubber plantations in southern Laos "
"  I'm Vietnamese"
"New on our Du Jour menu, yellowtail ceviche with avocado, tomato and a Vietnamese dressing #finedining "
"cursed vietnamese images is my new favourite facebook group "
" : vietnamese chicken soup by mom Until You "
" : This winter masterpiece phometro.......#vietnam #vietnamese #vietnamesefood #phometro #scarborougheats #toronto #to"
"#friday #tennoji #kouen #osaka #japan #vietnamese #filipino #tomodachi  Osaka, Tennoji  "
" Uyen, your recipes were delicious and all our guests enjoyed your beautiful Vietnamese food tonight!"
"I'm Norwegian but knows very little about Norwegian football. Actually this tiny Vietnamese guy at work knows more "
" #Ireland: A Vietnamese migrant burnt down several cars in #Dublin, and then swung the machete. by blocked "
" : Today is #TolkienReadingDay and Tolkien's books have 200+ translations, making LOTR &amp; Hobbit the second best selling glo"
" watchn your netflix doc and I love how you and Coyote go all in on tricky Dick even though 3 dem prezzies "
" : A video of our double drawn Vietnamese straight hair(honey blonde). Available in 12 to 24inches. Please  "
" : Vietnamese honey blonde straight 42000 48000 54440 are for 200grams  Rt "
" : Vietnamese mix egg roll hair  31000 36480 38000 39100 are for 200grams  Rt "
" : Vietnamese straight hair  25840 30000 34000 40240 47000 53500 are for 200grams "
"I'd like to change Vietnamese money into euros."
""
" : CORCAS Chairman Meets with Vietnamese Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs and... #CORCAS #wester"
"Skip ordering takeout tonight and make an Asian-inspired recipe at home! Chinese-, Thai-, Vietnamese-, and Japanese "
"CORCAS Chairman Meets with Vietnamese Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs and... #CORCAS #westernsahara"
"  My Vietnamese clients mean it"
"We went to Pelperro at Sek. 13. Ummi order for chicken chop. My friend and I just had a drink. I drunk Vietnamese W "
"  Yes. He said in Vietnamese"
" :    The whole article is just focussed India-bashing.  being a country ful"
"Vietnamese speaking translator needed. need some help - does anyone speak fluent Vietnamese ?  may need som "
"China, hoy! Biglang niyo ng laya makapangisda ang mga Pilipino at Vietnamese sa South China Sea. Potakayo and your "
"My Vietnamese friends at the nail salon are deceptively skilled at making me feel ugly enough to agree to all the a "
"Super excited to have found this place in Saigon. Now I can really and not hurt my body. Weeee!!!!  at   Vega "
" : Vietnamese President Nguyen Phu Trong: Welcome to our: Dick Blumenthal. Was he here in the war?: I..."
"I wanna learn vietnamese spanish korean and French nOw blahh"
"Really enjoyed my visit to the Vietnamese Women Museum this afternoon. Such insight to the culture, sacrifices, l "
"Di talaga kami nagkakaintindihan sa mga vietnamese dito."
"I went to Starbucks Reserve Roastery that is one of five Starbucks in the world.I could interpret between foreign c "
"I have my acc twitter!!! I'm vietnamese"
"Bunch of colleagues and I had a meet up with my area manager and we had to introduce ourselves. One of them actuall "
"#oralhistory - stay tuned for an interview with Viet Thanh Nguyen .  He spoke to the Plebe class last "
"This film shows how great and kind Filipinos are. Filipinos have helped Vietnamese Refugees and Jewish Refugees, bu "
" : President Trump &amp; Vietnamese Leaders had a good laugh over the total lies told by Dick Blumenthal of his bogus Vietnam"
"Smelly world of Vietnamese football "
""
"[IG] 190328  jour de l'InstaStory de #DONGHAE  Vietnamiennes- ELF-: leedonghae-Hyun- "
"     You really think people in US or Japan or Austral "
"unpopular opinion: vietnamese kpop fans has the BEST dance cover team. stop sleeping on them, go check out Oops! Cr "
"It a busy morning today in our Gifted &amp; Talented Academy baseroom. Students are teaching one another about Vietna "
" : U m chai r vang b h bao nhi  thu? "
"Vietnamese ELF preparations  "
"To All of the US Service men and women of the Vietnamese War, THANK YOU for your service and dedication to our coun "
"Vietnamese autoriteiten hebben meer dan 9 ton ivoor in beslag genomen: het totaal aan in Vietnam in beslag genomen "
"The letter is from a Vietnamese guy so excuse the English. #InunahanKoNa #ParaWalaNgTanong "
"#Vietnamese company agrees to export 2,000 MTS of #rice to #Laos (Vn.) "
"Buddhist nun prays for Vietnamese workers who died in Japan "
"U m chai r vang b h bao nhi  thu? "
"Learn Vietnamese Vocabulary #8: Drinks | Vietlingo#vietlingo #learnvietnamese #vietnameselanguage"
" : In Melbourne what an area that once was Greek but then Vietnamese ala Marrickville (I need this info for a racist characte"
" Basically everything on this list other than the partially formed embryo: "
"  We call Virgo and Virgin X N in Vietnamese too. It literally the same thing."
"Vietnamese nun in Tokyo prays for compatriots who lost lives at work in Japan, fearing more to come - "
"Buddhist nun prays for Vietnamese workers who died in Japan "
"Vietnam Matcha Smoothie  #vietnamfood #streetfood #vietnamese "
"Hai Ph k l ph v Vi Nam, g  t  M "
"Conclusion? really a shopping places, but offers a lot of interesting place of attraction. The food is great b "
" : Buddhist nun prays for Vietnamese workers who died in Japan "
" : Eerder stelden  &amp;  hier al Kamervragen over. ://t.co/xAc5mqxmn1 "
"Vietnamese economy expanded 6.79% in Jan-March period, according to official statistics "
"Learn Vietnamese Vocabulary #8: Drinks | Vietlingo://t.co/5j5I45cdj3"
"Bro I still can believe that  is Vietnamese and Jamaican descent "
"Vietnamese nun in Tokyo prays for compatriots who lost lives at work in Japan, fearing more to come #japan"
"(4/4)? Dong. ? an hour late from Malaysia's time.*Pro tip*'s is not "
"  Thank you for the nice comment !!! was moved by your great photogrammetry works on S "
"Tut on Blockchain (in Vietnamese) "
" : Buddhist nun prays for Vietnamese workers who died in Japan | Reuters #SmartNews  "
"A recent 32-page letter by a broad-based coalition of #Vietnamese social organizations &amp; professional societies sen "
"Buddhist nun prays for Vietnamese workers who died in Japan | Reuters #SmartNews  "
"Our  #RRSA steering committee's Easter charity raffle tickets go on sale next week -  for a strip of ticke "
"Yesung's update : I missed so much Vietnamese ELF  "
"Young Vietnamese face promise and peril in Japan.  reports: "
"Yesung update : I miss you so much Vietnamese ELF "
" This weather and vietnamese iced coffee  "
"Vietnamese nun in Tokyo prays for compatriots who lost lives at work in Japan, fearing more to come "
"Vietnamese nun in Tokyo prays for compatriots who lost lives at work in Japan, fearing more to come "
"Saigon is one of the most exciting food cities in the world://t.co/HJI1Lensmn  "
"BBC News Ti Vi - 'Cu  tra c bu  Trump th  v Nga v ch ch d' "
"Remind me to never drink Vietnamese coffee at 9pm... "
"Young Vietnamese face promise and peril in Japan.  reports: "
"Venezuela: Guaid b c gi v tr c 15 n - BBC Ti Vi "
"   wouldn't be an epilogue without another Apocalypse Now comparison. I di "
" That incredible. My wife, a daughter of Vietnamese refugees, goes by -GEN, which was some phone "
" So the word pray from ARIMEIC actually means to breath so issa yogi was conscious breath same taug "
" hated job ! But it smells of last night's Vietnamese stir fry thingy... YUK"
"Transit sehari di Saigon #vietnam #vietnamese #batikairmalaysia #batikairlines  Go Vap, H Ch Minh, Vietnam "
"ph noun meaning chalk in Vietnamese #Vietnamese #chalk"
" 17   ,      ( 34:25): "
"17 -   ,      ( 34:25):: "
" At a late age, he got a Vietnamese wife and gave birth to a daughter who would not be hurt even if it was in sight."
" : V-L.O.V.E (Vietnamese fan of NU) donated to a project to give free lunch for poor children in who try to continue their st"
" But most American beers are as foul as Vietnamese beers. Vietnamese might think it reasonable to dil "
" : 60 Vietnamese kinderen verdwenen spoorloos uit de beschermde opvang in NL. Luister zaterdag 30 maart tussen 14:00-15:0"
"Belady Hair Company Vietnam provides 100% unprocessed human hair from Vietnamese and Cambodian virgin human hair. "
"++ TONIGHT AT NOOK ++ 6pm we have Mama Chus Kitchen at nook serving up some amazing Vietnamese dishes 8 "
"Belady Hair Company Vietnam provides 100% unprocessed human hair from Vietnamese and Cambodian virgin human hair. "
" Queen slays always yo shook I'm shake as a Vietnamese French or British Polynesian Maori or Tahitia "
""
"#shop #accessories #design #shirt #sale #girls Wine Vietnamese Hair Bundles with Closure "
"[Vietnamese Translation] gi g s kho nh.  h ti Nh n.  m ch n nha. C l n!"
"[Vietnamese Translation] Jin  c nhau nh. mong ch nh. Woo s kh bu  tay  "
" : Can imagine how much the Vietnamese fans missed the boys, looking at the airport turnout."
"English Translation and Vietnamese Translation on the comments "
"English Translation and Vietnamese Translation on the comment "
"  Is this your vietnamese friend? Hiii"
"   he's using a lot of Apocalypse Now references. This is getting nuttier as "
" Just disgusting. Are there any Vietnamese Ambassadors in East &amp; Central Africa?"
"No Vietnamese coffee here "
"Great news in Cambodia! On March 26, government announced it was returning to 12 indigenous communities 20 spirit m "
"We weten dat deze Vietnamese minderjarigen/jongeren vaak worden uitgebuit in de cannabis industrie in het Verenigd "
" : We are looking for freelance translators. English or Japanese &gt; Spanish, Italian, Portuguese, French, Thai, Vietnamese, Tagalog"
"Vietnamese apparel hits higher gear: The CPTPP is transforming the ways in which apparel "
"Buddhist nun prays for Vietnamese workers who died in Japan "
"Eerder stelden  &amp;  hier al Kamervragen over. ://t.co/xAc5mqxmn1 "
"Vietnamese, Moroccan agencies and localities sign cooperation documents"
" Lmao, in Vietnamese we call it virgin sign too, maybe it the case for Korean language "
" Appearently, this guy Vietnamese trying to advertise his facebook page through your video's translation "
"Belangrijk dat hier aandacht voor blijft. Eerder schreef   hier ook al over. Zie: "
"Aaaaah, it's so touching!!!! Most Vietnamese ELF are actually wearing blue huhu effort."
"Reclaim our lands, our rights, our lives! "
"Russian Chinese Arabic Hindi Vietnamese, ,         .= "
"Vietnamese food.#foodie #foodphotography #foodgram #foodislife #foodporn #food #HaNoi2k19 #VDN #dongxuanmarket "
"Ok I getting Chinese, Vietnamese, and English ads on my phone and I so fucking confused"
"It's been a while omg and ever since I went to Hanoi, oh my heart........... is actually left there, char. Hahahaha "
"Buddhist nun prays for Vietnamese workers who died in "
" : Let's see my brown friends who mock or are angry at anglophones not pronouncing their names correctly have a go at Vietnamese o"
" : V sao Tr Qu l m trong 10 ch ' b nh th gi'? "
" : More and more consumers are embracing digital payments as a faster and more convenient way to pay. E-commerce in Vietnam saw part"
"Vietnamese tourism industry to grow amidst Industry 4.0#VITM Vietnam International Travel Mart #Infoblaze "
"Vietnamese, Moroccan agencies and localities sign cooperation documents "
"Why did I have Vietnamese coffee at 3 this afternoon, that was dum"
" My Facebook's name mean Everyday in English .  (Chinese) = Ti Ti (Pinyin) = Thi Thi (Viet "
"#shogi #JapaneseChess [VietnamPlus]Japanese tea culture, chess, Yosakoi  a unique style o "
"#shogi #JapaneseChess [Panorama]Lured by higher wages but often burdened by debts to recru "
"#OnThisDay in 1971: Calley guilty of #MyLaiMassacre - Lieutenant #WilliamCalley has been found guilty of murder at "
" : some vietnamese humor to get me through tonight as I choose to procrastinate every 10 mins "
" : Craig, HAVE to call you out but you cannot call out other Aussies by their ethnicity....  son Vietnamese friend. You"
" I remember people I knew both American &amp; Vietnamese. Some survived, some not like Audie &amp; the movie "
"More and more consumers are embracing digital payments as a faster and more convenient way to pay. E-commerce in Vi "
" The movie was nothing much like I saw. A Vietnamese told me that they considered North &amp; South Viet "
" s th  g  x h d s Vi Nam "
"Young Vietnamese face promise and peril in Japan "
"Buddhist nun prays for Vietnamese workers who died in Japan (link: "
"Craft and Growler (): Goose Island Bourbon County Midnight Orange  ()  is on, replacing "
"Goose Island Bourbon County Midnight Orange  ()  is on, replacing AleSmith Speedway Stout: Vietnamese Coffee ()"
"He looks like a little kid wearing vietnamese army hat lmao cute "
" Enjoy Vietnamese food. "
" : Ravishing beauty of Vietnamese woman #Vietnam #beauty #vietnamese #landscape #woman #Vietnobletours "
" : Vietnam mountains on a sunny day #Vietnam #beauty #vietnamese #landscape #mountains #Vietnobletours "
" : So amazing nature! #Vietnobletours #upland #spring #beautiful #Vietnam #vietnamese "
" : Lured by higher wages but often burdened by debts to recruiters, Vietnamese are the fastest-growing group of foreigners in Jap"
" : The upland at the end of spring #Vietnobletours #upland #spring #beautiful #Vietnam #vietnamese "
"Buddhist nun prays for Vietnamese workers who died in Japan "
"Buddhist nun prays for Vietnamese workers who died in Japan "
"Men Sandals Summer Korean Version Of The Tide Slippers Casual Roman Beach Shoes Male Vietnamese Sandals And "
"The Carbon Footprint of Vietnamese Robusta: Problem and Potential "
"Craig, HAVE to call you out but you cannot call out other Aussies by their ethnicity....  son Vietnamese frien "
" Oh you think that's bad? You should see this vietnamese person I know, so savage and     "
"Buddhist nun prays for Vietnamese workers who died in Japan "
" I miss you too, like a lot  Have fun in Vietnam cuz I'm pretty sure Vietnamese ELFs have been longing f "
"Buddhist nun prays for Vietnamese workers who died in Japan "
"Vietnamese novel about war translated in Chinese   Buon Chien Tranh (The Sorrow of War), a 1990 novel about w "
"     . it only ratch up tensions between the "
"#Breaking Buddhist nun prays for Vietnamese workers who died in Japan #news"
"Bill Riddle I'm reminded of the words of the ROK Commander to the Vietnamese Chief about ground fire from his Villa "
" : Vietnamese Pork &amp; Morning Glory Recipe | Big Night In  #catering "
" : Vietnamese Pork &amp; Morning Glory Recipe | Big Night In  #catering "
""
"Young Vietnamese face promise and peril in Japan: Lured by higher wages but often burdened "
" h h s - Steamed snails with lemongrass #ochuong # #seafood #seafoodlover #loveseafood #snails "
"Rows of wooden mortuary tablets  inscribed with names line an altar at a #Buddhist temple in #tokyo , silent testim "
"this #Rhinos killed for illegal #vietnamese horn users   "
"Buddhist nun prays for Vietnamese workers who died in Japan "
"Vegan Vietnamese Pancake "
"reading vietnamese translations omg that so weird"
"Vietnamese workers, streaming to Japan, face risks as labour system opens up://t.co/QMKAlgCZeu"
"Vietnamese website: Most beautiful children of Asian stars. #MariaLetiziaDantes "
"Sherman's Food Adventures: Com Vietnamese "
"Buddhist nun prays for Vietnamese workers who died in Japan "
"why do my parents make vietnamese coffee at night and tell me to drink it w them ... i wanted to sleep at 10 tonight"
"Young Vietnamese face promise and peril in Japan "
"Buddhist nun prays for Vietnamese workers who died in Japan - Reuters "
"The #Saigon meetup hosted by  came to an end. Bibox Guojie Liu joined the panel discussion and Rile "
"Buddhist nun prays for Vietnamese workers who died in Japan "
"For different reactions to violence - look at the German-Jewish and German-Russian bond post-WWII. Look at the bond "
" : A 4 pages long Vietnamese article about SRK in a domestic in-flight magazine. #Vietnam #Globalindian "
"Change from paper Voucher into e-Voucher to save the earth!!! Contact BedLinker now to get free e-Voucher software! "
" Vietnamese have some! Look into Trung sisters and Lady Trieu. Also this might help: "
" : This instant #Vietnamese style #beef broth mix combines #real nourishing #bone broth with notes of #citrus, #soy, star anis"
" Now, as the only white guy in a kitchen job with 20+ Vietnamese people, we listen to 80s UK pop, drink "
" : German Federal Minister for Economic Affairs and Energy Peter Altmaier  and Vietnamese Minister for Industry"
"And the way Chinese make islands in South China Sea over the Vietnamese, Japanese, Indonesians, and filapinas.. creeps me out."
" So cute!!! I wanna learn Vietnamese for my bf too! "
"I half Japanese and Vietnamese  #peing # "
" the family has nothing of their own and just takes from me.  Vietnamese is when you have someone that i "
" : . and I drove to Pauline Hanson's old fish and chip shop for lunch and now we're Facebook friends with the Vie"
" What compels a self-described European-style neighborhood restaurant in Lawrence, Kansas, in the m "
"KBS World On YouTube is now posting the older drama Wonderful Days with Eng, Chinese Malaysian and Vietnamese subs "
"#Economy #quarter1/2019 #vietnamese*** GDP reached 6.79%- Export turnover ($ 58.51 billion) increased by 4.7%- I "
" I think among the right-wing, many dislike immigration not based on merit... like immigration in which yo "
"VN companies urged to go to Southeast Asian markets: Vietnamese companies should further "
" :   The bombs were dropped by the US during the vietnam war to disable trade routes for the Vietnamese."
"  PLEASE SHARE IT TO YOUR VIETNAMESE K POP FANS AND LODGE POLICE REPO AGAINST HER THANKYOU"
" : Rattanakiri provincial governor agrees to return land to Cambodian #indigenous communities after 10 years of a Vietnamese compan"
" : Vietnamese CEOs share their thoughts at the #Horasis Asia Meeting 2018 #Don Lam, #Truong Gia Binh, #Ph Hong Hai:/"
":) I learned how to tell him I love him in Vietnamese, progress y. Good night. "
"Fun fact Zander killed 6 people in Vietnam a few years ago. Not in the Vietnamese war. He literally just went to Vi "
" :  consulting for foreign workers "
" : Vietnamese Deputy Prime Minister Tr Dinh Dung: The #Horasis Asia Meeting aims to discover the important factors affectin"
"Vietnamese Pork &amp; Morning Glory Recipe | Big Night In  #delish "
"The Vietnamese people deeply love independence, freedom and peace. But in the face of United States aggression they "
" That right, Vietnamese fans very very miss boys. Me too "
" NAH my brother had a dog and my mom said  here in vietnamese and she has the audacity to say  "
"Can imagine how much the Vietnamese fans missed the boys, looking at the airport turnout."
"sorry for making him a slut june confirmed to me this is how young vietnamese men sat and dressed back then"
"to clarify, my sisters are technically my half sisters, their mother is my dad's ex partner who is vietnamese-austr "
" : Vietnamese woman on trial for assassination of North Korean leader half-brother is expected to learn next week wheth"
"Trying out Vietnamese food near workplace~ This dish called B th nu  "
"BREAKING: World largest ivory seizure: over nine tonnes of ivory seized in Da Nang, Vietnam customs h "
" I tell my Vietnamese colleague he white, he get a kick out of that "
"#natural #thaimassage Pain-Relief Vietnamese Massage Balm "
"Watching this hella intense #Vietnamese drama with my mom. In the show, an evil stepmom sprays some substance onto "
" : After tolerating weeks of Vietnamese culture with the ice going in the beer, tonight my students learn about America: be"
" was born white &amp; now she Vietnamese"
" Hello AudiJelly im vietnamese. You and im video call"
"After tolerating weeks of Vietnamese culture with the ice going in the beer, tonight my students learn about Americ "
" digital gifting startup nabs seed funding to expand into SEA "
"About click here to get 50 % off coupon  #pho #Torontopho #delicious #delicious_food "
"Vietnamese fashion e-commerce site Robins closes after two years://t.co/cgZxz0exxU "
"Vietnam: UrBox digital gifting platform secures seed funding from VIISA and VinaCapital Ventures VC firms "
"We have a line up of spectacular girls for you. At 6pm gorgeous Vietnamese Emily is here and at 8pm we have the stu "
"i have two little sisters (half vietnamese, half white). the oldest is almost 9 and it is already clear she is natu "
" Since 1970, the Vietnamese poor have fallen by 80%. With the removal of the communist system"
"i was today years old when i found out bts learned to sing danger in vietnamese i wouldve stanned so much sooner than i did omg"
"Yesung tweets in Vietnamese .. TTTTTTTTTTTTTT"
" Me too. Vietnamese ELF miss you so much"
"Buddhist nun prays for Vietnamese workers who died in "
"  I read they used the same inhumane tactics to the South Vietnamese &amp; the Hmong while escapin "
"Buddhist nun prays for Vietnamese workers who died in Japan - FiWEH Life - "
"288 day Duolingo streak. Of the three languages I doing, Vietnamese is still the one that makes the most sense. "
"Vietnamese Pork &amp; Morning Glory Recipe | Big Night In  #catering "
"Vietnamese caught up in $5m Qld drug bust - "
"Buddhist nun prays for Vietnamese workers who died in "
"The Carbon Footprint of Vietnamese Robusta: Problem and Potential "
"Vietnamese Pork &amp; Morning Glory Recipe | Big Night In  #catering "
"via  Buddhist nun prays for Vietnamese workers who died in Japan "
"Pink Frog is a one-man band from Hanoi. There are ample Vietnamese folk influences in both his delivery and music i "
"#Travel #Asia  #Pho, a Vietnamese noodle soup with rice noodles, herbs and meat, is a must-try dish when you vis "
"Buddhist nun prays for Vietnamese workers who died in "
"Buddhist nun prays for Vietnamese workers who died in "
"Young #Vietnamese face promise and peril in #Japan "
"Vietnamese digital gifting startup nabs seed funding to expand into SEA "
"Hai Minneapolis! Long drive (we may or may not got a dumb ticket), but we here and excited for  tomorrow! "
"   The whole article is just focussed India-bashing.  being a countr "
"Let's just sip and order vietnamese or Chinese food."
"Buddhist nun prays for Vietnamese workers who died in "
"Vietnamese Egg Coffee "
"it is always #Vietnam #vietnamese who are involved in wildlife crime against #Africa #African animals #elephant "
"L l "
" : Vietnamese coffee. Strongest coffee in the world. #vietnamesecoffee #coffee #vietnam "
" There used to be a Vietnamese spot on El Cajon that would make me feel so bad after eating there tha "
"Vietnamese caught up in $5m Qld drug bust - "
"Venezuela: Guaid b c gi v tr c 15 n "
"Ho Anh Gia Lai b thu h 742 hecta   t t Campuchia 740 hecta   Ch ph Campuchia c cho "
"Ch! ty b s h may m M b ki v nh h may m tr thu t Vi Nam ph c t vi Ge "
" Still waiting mobile version from vietnamese with love"
"  you! If I am around more Vietnamese speakers I think I could pick it up. I tend pick up l "
"T sao  Nguy Quang H Nh b tr xu kh n ? 1979,  Nguy Quang H Nh  bi l m "
"Vietnamese v  l j v tr "
"Trung Qu s  t tu tra 10.000 t  ti quan An to H h Qu  h 26/3 v k m h  "
" t v vi tuy nh s ng nh t v vi tuy nh s ng nh cu h b th "
"As if we were never apart.. is the bridge that meaningfully responds to the desire of reunion of long-lost famili "
" That Vietnamese dessert!"
"ywaa jud aning hong kong server sa csgo oy makayawa, 9-15 score na comeback pag 15-15 wtf naa pa'y kauban sige rag "
"N nh nhi v ph b tr v  h ph n doanh nghi Vi nh nhi v ph tr ph b tr "
"Apparently jungkook guy is filipino i was shook cuz he looked vietnamese"
"    Islam is a race?  Andy Ngo, son of two Vietnamese immigrants is a neo-nazi?"
" : 'Hai Phuong' Becomes Highest-Grossing Vietnamese Movie of All Time. "
"Vietnamese is a very hard language to learn."
" : For Women's History Month, we're spotlighting Bee Nguyen, who currently serves as the first Vietnamese-American represent"
" : As a second-generation Vietnamese American,  executive director  understands the importance of givi"
"I don't have cable but over-the-air digital TV in Houston is pretty interesting. I'm starting to get into Chinese a "
" is Sweet Tooth boy or gir GIR like in f*king Vietnamese Crystal I'm wearing productive head "
"OMG YESUNG!!! this is so sweet, he's writing in vietnamese "
" : In recent Daily Bruin video, chemistry instructor H Vi Pham (PhD '15 Houk group) reflects on his hometown of Little Saig"
" VIETNAMESE KING YASSSSSSS"
"'Cu  tra c bu  Trump th  v Nga v ch ch d' "
"  When I see translations with crass words I wonder how its selected.. A friend is Vi "
"Peaceful Vietnam -INR 39,200 Per Person the Independence Palace of the South Vietnamese president, this 6 "
"I told my baby I learn Vietnamese with him, and he squealed. :)"
"  Part of what makes it amusing is your assumptions... Although, my twitter profile also "
"1 facts about #TeamSuperMarrow! #team #cycling #leukemia #RaceAcrossAmerica #RAAM #vet #physician #doctor "
"Let sing along to this adorable lyric video!-MAK or Ng N Hay, #FRIENDZONE official soundtrack, it now h "
"Lured by higher wages but often burdened by debts to recruiters, Vietnamese are the fastest-growing group of foreig "
" :  Miss Saigon, Vietnam is a place not worth saving, and America is a holy grail worth killing and dying for it any wonde"
"Me in games with vietnamese friends:: sorry i dont speak noodles ."
"someone tell my friends that vietnamese subs are SANDWICHES not fucking tacos oh my god"
""
" I take my integration measure at my local Bunnings where to a person Ozzers, Somalis, Kenyans, Vietname "
"Vietnamese, RoK firms cooperate in guarantee insurance development: BIDV Insurance "
" This article is available in Vietnamese, I only translate it in English. This article interviewed from Osen :("
" :  Global_Witness: GOOD NEWS!  a victory for Land &amp; #EnvironmentDefenders, 12 indigenous communities in #Cambodia won"
"  for me since when I meet my relatives during weekends they want to see a film and they ask "
" nun prays for Vietnamese workers who died in Japan "
" Global_Witness: GOOD NEWS!  a victory for Land &amp; #EnvironmentDefenders, 12 indigenous communities in "
" Ask Dala-lama how to unite people or talk to China how to isolate US with the world. Ask Trump ho "
" : GOOD NEWS!  a victory for Land &amp; #EnvironmentDefenders, 12 indigenous communities in #Cambodia won back the ri"
"NUEX (foodhunters) Stir Fried Beef Noodles Super Saigon, Ampang, KL RM16.80 iPhone 5s Vietnamese Black "
"Register for 2020 EO Vietnam-Cambodia Exploration! On this six day trip, you will journey into the past through Cam "
" Richmond 100% - Greeks strong presence after immigration to aus then turned Vietnamese heavy cultural influence"
"  Like I kept wondering why the girls shirt said THO and apparently it means rabbit "
" today I met a Vietnamese man from fort Worth Texas and his son he came in 1993 many people from Vietnam "
" :  But if we keeping it film-related I interviewed the director of FURIE, a Vietnamese actioner with Paige Tico"
"Let me break it down for you... = my last name (Vietnamese) = the cupcakes I used to make all by myself w "
"Telephone consulting for foreign workers.  English, Chinese, Korean, Spanush, Portuguese, Tagalog, Thai,  Indone "
"  We are not alone.  We are now proud of our Irishness and we also embrace people who mi "
"I know many conservatives don believe in chain migration and that immigration should be based on merit.  I k "
"a Vietnamese kid won Bee Player of the Year. this is OUR year ! "
"  Sweet! I close to several Vietnamese grocery stores and will definitely check that out."
"  I'm afraid that's incorrect. By focusing on developing trust, the police have been able to g "
" Footscray went Italian - Vietnamese - now African."
"Y gonna catch me speaking Vietnamese in a couple months"
"German Federal Minister for Economic Affairs and Energy Peter Altmaier  and Vietnamese Minister for I "
"Some older Vietnamese people I know are trillingual (French, Vietnamese and English) due to French influence/coloni "
"My Vietnamese isn great but how the language/accent was handled in  was disappointing. If you needed Grand "
"Vietnam: An intro to Student Life Care, startup with all-in-one assistance services for overseas Vietnamese student "
"Vietnamese cusine is fresh and delicious. You don't need to add french in your restaurant name to justify a price "
" But if we keeping it film-related I interviewed the director of FURIE, a Vietnamese actioner wit "
" : So my dads telling my relatives the story of how my mom was in labor for 12 hours so they named me Laura, which if you say i"
"  I used blood jelly and it actually came out perfect. Vietnamese butchers often stock it"
"#Bales2019FilmChallenge March: Vietnam war movie only one I know from a Vietnamese perspective. 3rd in Ol "
" Vietnamese "
" I live in Vietnam and my Vietnamese wife used to work in an office run by an expat and the expat didn "
" I grew up in HI, &amp; my diet consisted of Japanese, Chinese, Korean, Thai, Hawaiian, Philippine, Vietnamese, "
" I grew up in HI, &amp; my diet consisted of Japanese, Chinese, Korean, Thai, Hawaiian, Philippine, Vietnam "
"Worship the Dong at Notre Dame Cathedral, Paris.  Throng of Dong is a new website photographing Dong, Vietnamese cu "
"retroactive and only new years resolution: don't italicize the vietnamese words if u end up writing anything emo diaspora-y this year"
" But what about my 0.01 vietnamese dong money. Where am I going to get a lawyer from Antartica "
"Vietnamese mother arrested for abandoning baby in Taiwan: Police in Taiwan tracked down a "
"Vietnamese Rolls have to be the best Value for Price food since Fairy Bread back when I was 5 "
"We are Vietnamese farmers who want to look for organic consumer products produced in Vietnam: organic cashew nuts, "
"Young Vietnamese face promise and peril in Japan "
" These 2 teams couldn score in a Vietnamese whorehouse"
""
"   i'm planning on to learn vietnamese and spanish but go off ig"
" : Shame that  canceled a needed and critical convo on the orientalist / romanticized depiction of the #VietnamWa"
"and hearing people say that they did it for the culture, joke or not, honestly makes me so happy. not being vietnam "
"When people like him say  they don actually mean it, they mean become copies of them. These  words are "
"  More violent than those committed by white people? No, they're the same.  offend at "
" : #Vietnam's #startup economy is expected to be valued at $33 billion by 2025. Find out why MHV Partner,  th"
"Do you think it wrong that Alison plays Diane  I mean it would been nice for someone who is actually Vietname "
" : Read  books. Support Vietnamese American stories. Rethink the world around you and the impact you make on t"
" You make all us Vietnamese-Americans proud. Keep up the great work. Been following you since X-Men and "
"IFC Vivek Pathak: The financing to OCB is expected to have a catalytic impact for gender finance in the Vietnames "
" : Nice job, . Glad you did this one. Love Andrea's work   Vietnamese food on your weeknight dinner pla"
"  You want that crap to be burnt, most commercial size grows usually done by Vietnamese  in "
"Just went to the most incredible Vietnamese restaurant and I ready to get rolled out of here liiiiike spicy fish "
"March 29, 1971: Lt. William Calley was convicted of murdering 22 Vietnamese civilians in the My Lai massacre. "
"A lot of people are having trouble with other people and their names.  fortunate am I that my Vietnamese surna "
" : Really excited with the way this turned out: Afghan tourmaline Vietnamese aquamarine  iolite facets"
"Young Vietnamese face promise and peril in Japan "
"Young Vietnamese face promise and peril in Japan "
"Young Vietnamese face promise and peril in Japan "
"Just made Asian Chick Fil-A and it was pretty good. Vietnamese inspired chicken marinade, Taiwanese cooking style "
" : How to Cook Vietnamese Banh Xeo and Bo La Lot - "
"Vietnam Nightlife is very different from city to city. #travelvietnam #experiencetheworld "
"HOW ABOUT SWALLOWING SOME SNAKES IN VIETNAM?  cuisine is definitely one of the nation largest tou "
" Finally some Vietnamese representation in Hollywood"
"I really have issue understanding my Vietnamese counterpart english accent"
"False narratives paved the way for the Vietnam War. The very first one was a very popular book by Tom Dooley with "
"who coming to eat Vietnamese food at my house Saturday Heeyyyyyyy"
"my vietnamese isn all that great but I was having a conversation with my grandma &amp; I thought she was tryna tell m "
" : Mortuary tablets at Buddhist temple in Tokyo silent testimony to #Vietnamese people who died after coming to Japan to work or"
" There were 50-75 Korean students at my 400-person boarding school and every single one had an American "
"I'm at VIETNAMESE CYCLO in ,  "
" Vietnamese noodle."
" Also wanna add that anything Vietnamese deserves its own breakdown there's too many to list lol"
" dude. noodle/general vietnamese place down the street from the con called Bon Me. go there. so gooooood"
"Bllack Saigon  tomorrow at  N  Modern Vietnamese Cuisine. Guest list only. "
" : As long as governments have weapons of war &amp; the audacity to use them on civilians, civilians should be at least armed we"
"SPEAK OF THE DEVIL AND HE WILL APPEAR and by the devil I mean my Vietnamese stalker"
"It a real issue that I love the Vietnamese coffee but every time I have it i feel scatty asf"
"fuck Vietnamese people fr "
"Vietnamese tourism industry to grow amidst Industry 4.0 details at: "
" Vietnamese place in Burbank? Maybe not you. Ooops. You still awesome, tho!"
"Worse than cocaine tbh "
" : Vietnamese coffee is crack but so fucking bomb "
" : Our staffs Vietnamese travels have inspired our new Chicken Pho noodle soup  "
"Mortuary tablets at Buddhist temple in Tokyo silent testimony to #Vietnamese people who died after coming to Japan "
"  Hi, I from Vietnamese and I am a victim too, like you. In my country NGUYEN NGOC QUYNH NH "
"Vietnamese and Caucasian descent: please share!!! Let find this kiddo a donor ASAP!!! "
"The Carbon Footprint of Vietnamese Robusta: Problem and Potential "
"B A L L S  D E E P // Diggin' for more #balls and jellies at tinacake888kingsway. Wicca went up to the counter and "
"  The damn illegal immigrants have been doing that since 1772. Then the French, Irish, Itali "
"L b ch s, b  l g cho con c? "
"Intercessor . . .if my Vietnamese dong revalues at what I hope it might we'll go get you a new set of sexy white pe "
"North Korea urges Vietnamese tourists to visit #news"
"North Korea urges Vietnamese tourists to visit "
"I will not stand for this slander against my Vietnamese brethren "
"Vietnamese Activist Makes Top 100 Most Influential Figures in Climate Policy. "
" Funny that you say that, one of my coworkers always says  that when I ask him to do somethi "
"If I start sharing Vietnamese Crystal screenshots here, it's mainly to fluff up my post count and maybe provide you "
"  "
"Buddhist nun prays for Vietnamese workers who died in "
"  It's a pretty good too-lazy-to-cook option generally speaking, though my family's "
"Young Vietnamese face promise and peril in Japan "
"I listened to a radio show done by kids in #NewOrleans. A 12 y.o. white boy who goes to a country day school had no "
"  ik  ur vietnamese, but u know i ain racist"
"Negotiations (with Taliban, like N Vietnamese) is code for peace with honour or in plain English"
" if you introduce the character as someone you should probably at least try to recast with someone wh "
"In the black, Chicana, and post-colonial Vietnamese communities described by Collins, Cruz, and Trinh, lived experi "
"I feel bad for my Vietnamese mutuals who have to deal with my puns like nuoc mami, bun no bae, ca kho thot, etc."
"We are looking for freelance translators. English or Japanese &gt; Spanish, Italian, Portuguese, French, Thai, Vietnam "
"I don't know why the fuck I feel like I have to explain another one of my shitty Vietnamese puns but uh(flower) "
" : 12 Feb 1970 Marine Lance Corporal assists an elderly Vietnamese woman. He is an S-2 scout attached to Charlie 1/5. Ariz"
"Great Vietnamese coffee. ( Pho K-Tea in Fountain Valley, CA) "
"N2N Bootcamp 2019 at Vietnam A fruitful meeting, team building and bonding session with our Vietnamese team. "
"THANKS TO MASTER-NIM FOR PRECIOUS PHOTOS  OUT WITH FULL CREDIT  NOT EDIT OR CUT LOGO  HQs BELONG TO OWN "
"I am not surprised though to see the growth take place under the right conditions. Vietnamese are very hard workers "
"  I do, but it's not something that actually translates to actuality. If it were, Sydney would "
"I'm not paying no red cap landlord rent! I'll pay my Vietnamese licenced squatter fees, that's good enough."
"  In Vietnamese, Virgo is translated as a Virgin Maiden too lol"
"via  Buddhist nun prays for Vietnamese workers who died in Japan "
"Buddhist nun prays for Vietnamese workers who died in "
" : Are you a #Vietnamese writer?  is looking for you: "
"THANKS TO MASTER-NIM FOR PRECIOUS PHOTOS  OUT WITH FULL CREDIT  NOT EDIT OR CUT LOGO  HQs BELONG TO OWN "
"From B M to Juices to simple Traditional Vietnamese dranks us on Instagram Story for behind the scene "
" rustle &amp; still caf is v cute  lots of plants + sunlight! they also make one of the best americanos i "
" hmmm it either  hoa or the  &amp; chinese noodle house!! but i actually prefer bun bo hue "
"Are you a #Vietnamese writer?  is looking for you: "
" vietnamese iced coffee"
"  Case in point the Vietnamese community which, during the 80's-90's, was incredibly over-repr "
"   I would honestly be scared to see some of your Vietnamese home movies, lol."
"#WantList #Wok "
"And oh, Vietnamese fare tonight... "
"   lana is vietnamese rather than Korean and that was fine for enjoyment of th "
"I asked Latinx neighbors 18-22 what's missing from the streamers- Netflix/Hulu/Amazon. They said #Kpop vampires! I "
" I just remembered that I had an elementary school friend called Bambi. It was the 70s, and she was a "
"Can eat meat on Friday?  From sushi, grilled salmon, salads and noodles, we got you covered.  We took it a step f "
" It will look great with the Vietnamese rice farmer hat!"
"Florida Grapefruit and Jicama Vietnamese #Salad ://t.co/8wpSHw60LX  #healthyfood "
" bug report: I unable to type Vietnamese characters using the corresponding keyboard in Cardhop."
"  4"
"i wish my school offered vietnamese as a class and not just spanish bc there quite a large vietnamese community where i live"
"#NSTworld:  wanted to work hard in Japan, Tri said.  had dreams. And then they suddenly died. ://t.co/NVlEzZParD"
"Sammy: *is leaving to Vietnam*: do u know any vietnamese: I know how to say hello"
"Vietnam War | Facts, Summary, Casualties, &amp; Combatants | "
"I have so many bomb ass memories from traveling overseas last semester but teaching the Vietnamese girls how to twe "
"I told my manager I got that Vietnamese hair on my head and he was sooo shocked. Lol he asked me was it from a real "
"Me voy a echar un platito #foodlover##vietnamese##goodlife "
"#LexcommVietnamLLC is pleased to inform the relocation of our Hanoi office to support the continuing strategic grow "
" : Can Escape Love by  has a Vietnamese hero! my brother would be so happy. #NguyenDynastyRules #HintItRhymesW"
" : First of all, your girlfriend is Vietnamese. "
"Don forget we have new specials every month. Vietnamese pork banh mi  .....#hallowedgroundsespresso "
"Our staffs Vietnamese travels have inspired our new Chicken Pho noodle soup  "
" : Parent in this house was expelled at 15 for organising fellow students to march against Vietnamese war, school had a sit in"
"     Seen as an affront to our sovereignty in 1980?  I ask dates b "
"Vietnamese farmer cry  get Big season sweet potatoes  but china no buy . Government should touch lot actions ba "
"  Box Hill is Chinese, not Vietnamese"
" your name?. that your Western name?, my Western name is Shotgun Tea., what y "
" du ma even your keyboard is in vietnamese huh"
"In Melbourne what an area that once was Greek but then Vietnamese ala Marrickville (I need this info for a racist "
"#Vigorousmoment happened when Seoul Guarantee Insurance (SGI) volunteers from Korea and Vietnamese locals altogethe "
"  "
"Nice job, . Glad you did this one. Love Andrea's work   Vietnamese food on your weeknight "
"  "
" ( 888 Vietnamese Restaurant in Austin, TX) "
"Our 16 months old son is multilingual. He can speak Thai, Vietnamese, Russian and other alien languages but Nepali. "
"    Yea the Vietnamese held up too, loin cloths and flip flops."
"  "
"I never really liked hot pot (save for Vietnamese style w/ mam nem), but my wife expert broth building skills "
"UrBox Vietnam raised seed funding from two Vietnamese VCs "
"Brett Stevens #VGTISEA paid a courtesy call on H.E. Nguyen Duc Chung, Chairman of the Hanoi People Committee recent "
"   The Vietnamese came legal."
"Me and my new best friend  the Vietnamese restaurant  "
"TransCycle: Pashto, Slovak, Japanese, Lithuanian, Haitian Creole, Amharic, Turkish, Vietnamese, Marathi"
"Vietnamese woman on trial for assassination of North Korean leader half-brother is expected to learn next week wh "
" L  tr n! #TaxitaiSaigon #dichvuchuyennha #chuyennhatrongoi #chuyennhatphcm #hochiminh "
" Cold brew Vietnamese Trung Nguyen ground coffee in a protein shaker, prepped and left in the fridge ov "
"  The Vietnamese sandwich discussion, the peanut butter on my dick, hell just about all of th "
"This girl really claims we look alike.... she Vietnamese! "
"AML  JSC The World Bank debarred a state-owned Vietnamese water trea "
"Time for #China to stop any fire drills in our #Vietnamese islands.#Vietnam must claim internationally in harder w "
" :  k k tham gia S ki V  Con  c TQ "
" You probably already seen/been past Propoganda as it right opposite the War museum, and is modern V "
" Next time I'm home in OC, you and I should do Vietnamese iced coffee. "
" : Need to translate in different languages? translate any documents in any languages, #Malaysia #China #Billie  R"
"5 c di c ch c d Vi th nay "
" "
" So cool! Did you speak some Vietnamese with him?"
"Need to translate in different languages? translate any documents in any languages, #Malaysia #China #Billie  "
"Vietnamese companies urged to go to Southeast Asian markets "
" and a vietnamese crazy street racing porn star. dont forget her."
"Crawfish &amp; Noodles offers a Vietnamese take on the Cajun delicacy #Houston "
"  heard a trainer spout off about the benefits of whole-grain bread. think this was code for s "
"Me, a redhead wearing a teal top and headband.   tap on arm. girl whispers:You look like Mera from Aquaman."
" "
"Vietnamese digital gifting startup nabs seed funding to expand into SEA "
"Buddhist nun prays for Vietnamese workers who died in Japan "
" : Vietnamese Jesus drippin in swagger #23jumpstreet"
"Plastique is basically , but make it Vietnamese. "
" :  vietnamese delicacy &lt;3"
"Some feedback from guest. So proud of us. Keep it up"
"Do you speak more than 1 language?  I speak vietnamese too! So two languages. I learned spanish for so many years "
" : March 28th is the feast of Blessed Jean-Baptiste Malo: French Catholic priest, missionary to Indochina, and martyr"
"Listen folks, I not racist ok?? I don care if you chinese, japanese , korean, mongolian, vietnamese, or fili "
" k k tham gia S ki V  Con  c TQ "
" ultimate goal is to deliver long-term benefits to local communities and bring a brighter future for Vietnamese "
"Buddhist nun prays for Vietnamese workers who died in Japan "
"vietnamese*"
"Vietnamese digital gifting startup nabs seed funding to expand into SEA "
"New post: Vietnamese Authorities Control Spread of African Swine Fever with the Use of Nuclear-derived Techniques "
" I'm Vietnamese and I lived in Singapore for 4 years. It's a bit eye-opening to be there and see what "
" : And a ? I hope  or  will one day answer: How did the  (rabbit in Vietnamese) hoodie get here??? In"
"False narratives paved the way for the Vietnam War. The very first one was a very popular book by Tom Dooley with p "
"Vietnamese restaurants throughout the US prove that the war had many positive outcomes. #BillBarrLetters"
"  My favorite one is  am me in Vietnamese, I had people saying t l t for days "
"I not a bigot because most of my life I been bless to have met the most wonderful white ppl in my he world as "
" : Ford MS is hosting a Family Engagement Night for our ESL families on Tue, April 2nd from 5:30-7:30. Come learn about rea"
" : Bamboo Airways is to buy 50 Airbus A321Neos, its chairman Trinh Van Quyet said on Thursday, as the Vietnamese carrier e"
"  Vietnamese. While Vuong was trading instant noodle, the pair who went on to found Masan was "
"The higher you climb, the heavier you fall. ~ Vietnamese Prover"
" : Major victory in Cambodia!  12 Indigenous communities recover ancestral land after 10 year conflict with agribusiness gi"
"  Please, tell that to all the Cubans who fled communism and vote straight R all the ti "
"Good Vietnamese / Pho place  feeling hungry"
"   &amp; 1980s We #Americans Welcomed Almost #TwoMillion #Vietnamese #Thai "
" There was a much greater focus on family, gender roles, religion, etc. which go hand in hand with fulfill "
"Yep   "
"  45th and Locust. Fiume, Abyssinia, Green Line Cafe, Clark Park Farmers Market, Maripos "
"  Rabbits were referenced so much. The daughter shirt said . Which is Rabbit "
"  Is he hoa? Who are some other Vietnamese former traders?"
"AML  JSC The World Bank debarred a state-owned Vietnamese water trea "
" Just wait until the trees start speaking Vietnamese"
" I don't think I've ever had Vietnamese food before!"
" A5: Vietnamese! Flank steak pho with spring rolls and bahn mi makes my heart sing!!"
" : Amazing 4 course lunch  in Soho. Stunning Ribs, Prawns, Pork Confit Bun and Spring Rolls. Amazing experience"
"UrBox is a digital gifting platform that eliminates hassle in providing rewards for customers "
" Listening to Pauline Hanson reminds me of reading the instructions from IKEA furniture. 's transl "
" I Vietnamese-American so no cheat lol."
"   Thank you for speaking out! I am old enough to remember that horrible disaster. The Vie "
"   I love United States . ...and The Republican Party . I am Vietnamese ."
"Buddhist Nun Prays for Vietnamese Workers Who Died in Japan by Reuters via NYT "
"Got these chairs for the office but apparently they require a Vietnamese person to assemble. "
"Buddhist nun prays for Vietnamese workers who died in Japan - Reuters "
"    I haven figured out what I am gona do to her yet. Ima need to marinat "
" : oh hell yeah, that whole lil north side filled with them. nothing but Vietnamese and Koreans in Tucker. "
"Because the Vietnamese, Koreans or Chinese Americans wasn't placed in concentration camps. "
"Buddhist nun prays for Vietnamese workers who died in Japan "
" : The Picturesque #Vietnam - where your #Inspiration begins.  Your Password Into Locals#beautifuldestinatio"
"me, ordering vietnamese via ubereats: pls send noodz"
"I just stopped at a donut shop for a quick break &amp; Hannity is on the tv. He showing video  and the "
"Everybody gangsta till the trees start speaking Vietnamese"
"Vietnamese digital gifting startup nabs seed funding to expand into SEA "
"  should compensate Vietnamese victims as well, as should the US government.  The effect "
"Looking to try making Vietnamese food? Sarah Spencer's Totally Vietnamese is FREE now! "
"Buddhist nun prays for Vietnamese workers who died in "
"Noodles would be so good right now. I need to find a pho/Vietnamese spot asap!"
"Buddhist nun prays for Vietnamese workers who died in Japan: Rows of wooden mortuary "
" : Amazing 4 course lunch  in Soho. Stunning Ribs, Prawns, Pork Confit Bun and Spring Rolls. Amazing experience"
"         "
"We made a #banhmi inspired #lumpia and it delicious!!  #TheLumpiaCompany will be collaborating with Oakland "
" vietnamese delicacy &lt;3"
"   Oh my god the kill capture ratio of american soldiers vs Vietnamese ones w "
"Vietnamese Caramel Pork #Dinner #Recipe #Foodie "
"Buddhist nun prays for Vietnamese workers who died in Japan - #LatestComments"
""
"Good news: I had two cups of Vietnamese coffee and am on my third cup of instant blended coffee, so I am almost awake now."
"  In Vietnamese cat is m. Same idea. "
"Shut up about how we poisoned Latin American farmers, burned Vietnamese children alive, and ruined air quality in "
"Happening now in Hyattsville, MD, United States "
"I know where A.C.E went, it cause Sehyoon is part time in a Vietnamese group. "
"Drug bosses allegedly recruited Vietnamese nationals who were in Australia illegally to tend to a massive cannabis "
"Reuters : Buddhist nun prays for Vietnamese workers who died in Japan Rows of wooden mortu      #NEWS "
" Buddhist nun prays for Vietnamese workers who died in Japan  | Via  "
" : Bahn mi! Dating back to the 1950s, bahn mis are sandwiches which mix French and Vietnamese cuisines. Ours features slow roa"
"just remembered that dude tate tried to one-sided kin drama me over gray fox being vietnamese like completely unprovoked"
"GRWM IN (broken) VIETNAMESE + STORYTIME  Jessica Vu "
"Vietnamese digital gifting startup nabs seed funding to expand into SEA #itc4 #m4 #tech24 #FrenchTech"
" Probably going to go through all the fixings of a Vietnamese wedding, so most likely."
"   Asians, MDs......No it not a bad thing. immigrants didn object "
"Leyna Nguyen (American-Vietnamese anchor) :  H, Vietnam of birth: 1969-12-13: Michael Muri "
" He'd lose his mind on the Coast where disaster info is broadcast in Vietnamese, as well as Spanish &amp; English."
"  tate harassed my mixed vietnamese partner over 4 year old kin drama not even involving tat "
"         "
"      The USA should have supported Vietnamese "
"make a bitch touch her knees she was vietnamese"
"Vietnamese digital gifting startup nabs seed funding to expand into "
"Buddhist nun prays for Vietnamese workers who died in Japan"
"Let's see my brown friends who mock or are angry at anglophones not pronouncing their names correctly have a go at "
" : A huge, if incomplete, victory for the #indigenous communities in #Cambodia whose territory has been swallowed by #rubber co"
" There is a lot of ignorance and anti-Quebecker prejudice in your text and those of your readers. "
"Why the Next Wave of Vietnamese Startups Won Be Clones "
"     dont forget when he was a POW he was a traito "
"Simplys ain Vietnamese though? "
" How to say seven in vietnamese"
"  Congrats to  ... lucky Vietnamese.."
"Anyway WTT is on my birthday weekend and going to get ice cream and seeing an amazing Vietnamese-American graphic n "
" Or it could also work for select Vietnamese people. Without the S"
"Vietnamese digital gifting startup nabs seed funding to expand into SEA  "
"John Legend  Vietnamese dating series all about music://t.co/DkYTMOW3Ue "
"  "
" Do it at a Vietnamese restaurant"
" Nice  I've been using my idle time at work too practice Vietnamese with  t h ti vi"
"Oh man I love banh mi, it's like my favourite thing, but what's with them being available predominantly from Vietna "
" i'm well aware of how problematic that is because they casted a vietnamese instead of a korean-america "
" You actually looked more japanese than vietnamese to me :V"
"my boyfriend is really learning vietnamese.... du ma may t y n qu"
"Vietnamese Barbecue Rosemary Salad "
"Look at her $399 is 18 rose gold with light brown roots is a #freedomcouture replica  made her using V "
"Look at her $399 is 18 rose gold with light brown roots is a #freedomcouture replica  made her using V "
"Vietnamese digital gifting startup nabs seed funding to expand into SEA "
"Vietnamese digital gifting startup nabs seed funding to expand into SEA "
"Look at her $399 is 18 rose gold with light brown roots is a #freedomcouture replica  made her using V "
"Vietnamese digital gifting startup nabs seed funding to expand into SEA "
"Top 10 Things to Do in Hanoi + Food to Die For Hanoi, the Vietnamese Capital city is definitely worth a visit. This "
"Met a 19 year old Vietnamese kid today who has only been in the states for 2 months and this is what he had to say "
"   Yeah, but it's not YA. But I'm loving all the Vietnamese repping she's doing with "
"I tried this vietnamese sandwich and it was yum!!!! My friend though won tell me where she bought it. Whyyyyyy."
" : The gipper followed up by saying: in all, I would still smash John just like he smashed guan A-4E Skyhawk into th"
"the food at this vietnamese restaurant by my house looks so good mm ima try them out one day "
" wait what? no, lara jean is koren. john was white, it great he a poc now. but it still wrong th "
"From Vietnamese refugee to owner of an acclaimed restaurant "
" Hope they don go looking for Vietnamese or Korean the same way."
"cream soda is vietnamese for staying up for 28 hours due to a terrible planning"
"North Korea looks to woo Vietnamese travellers as economy struggles://t.co/ZSlEoFroSN"
""
"some ultra vietnamese name. i almost had that with an indian last name and would have had to go by some bullshit am "
"Hey   when did Italian become Vietnamese? "
"The gipper followed up by saying: in all, I would still smash John just like he smashed guan A-4E Skyhawk int "
"Nearly half of Vietnamese shoppers buy premium products online | read: | #Asia #Ecommerce "
" If you honestly think that Jane Fonda should be honored after she laughed in the face of American POW "
" Perenti is boring tbh. Personally the best thing that got me convinced was documentaries that were "
"POEM 294: LOPEZ AND HIS MOTHER BIANCA NEGRETEPAICIPATING IN THE VIETNAMESE NEW YEAR.           Y TRA "
"  We did it with the Cubans we did it with the Vietnamese boy I guess if we like the governmen "
"   How exactly did we turn our backs? We helped them drive the Russians out o "
"  But somehow the Vietnamese, a land that just crawled out of French colonialism crushed y' "
"Where did you buy his outfit?. She said:     The mall with three statues in front of the building. said: "
"sometimes im chilling and then i remember that im technically vietnamese american"
"i 85% vietnamese and 1/5 chinese heh i don speak chinese at all and i speak broken vietnamese but i understand vietnamese very well"
" : Free help with basic federal tax forms and California Income Tax Returns is available at the library for individuals and fam"
"This man done killed Lanh I hope the Vietnamese folks whip they ass and shoot them up on this is us"
"Researching the many types of Vietnamese food that I be gorging on in a few weeks. Any recommendations?"
"American Marine comforts orphaned Vietnamese child, 1969. "
"Back from vacay and ready to hit the mics again! Come and join us!  Anh Vietnamese Kitchen "
"Vietnamese Cat Runs For Father of the Year Award With This Lesson On Parenthood And Everyone Loves Him "
"ENLIGHTEN CULTURAL ADVENTURE! In search of a light painting image... we enjoyed an entirely safe  two-hour night "
"       Okay I am missing a pa "
"Vietnamese Pho Restaurant - #ad"
"Neither here nor there: Vietnamese-Cambodians live in no man land - VnExpress International "
"Vietnamese consumers embrace #Digital #Payments as a new way | read: | #Asia #Laos #Paying "
"#longhair #hairdo #instagood #blonde #hairstyles #beautiful #hairoftheday Straight Bright Vietnamese Bundles with C "
"Lmao the only countries I know how to say in Vietnamese are Vietnam, Mexico, France, UK, and Australia. And Canada "
" : How to Cook Vietnamese Caramelised Fish - "
"#BloodIvory CUSTOM OFFICIALS SEIZE 9 TONS OF BLOOD IVORY FROM CONGO (Posted 29th March 2019)  o "
"- {English} I Love You- {Spanish} Te Amo- {French} Je T- {German} Ich Liebe Dich- {Vietnamese} Anh/Chi Yeu "
" : i have a very specific childhood memory of telling people their vietnamese name was pad thai and taking note of which white"
"That vietnamese accent is very hard to listen to."
"I bought a Vietnamese coffee filter &amp; Trung Nguyen coffee. All I need now is condensed milk so I can have cafe sua "
"vietnamese food is one of the best foods and im not just saying this cause im viet"
"I literally watched a video where  was included and I couldn't even trust my ears and eyes. I watche "
" The rumor about the Vietnamese trainee was right, it was shared in Vietnam fan community"
" : The first #crypto exchange in Vietnam opened as a result of a new partnership between a Swiss #blockchain firm and a Viet"
"Dumb people are the legit reason why I have to rant in Vietnamese. Like why are you so ngu."
" : Am I the only one that watched Us and noticed that the little girl shirt says  in Vietnamese "
" Truly_Malaysian: How to Cook Vietnamese Barbecue Prawns - Asian BBQ Series - YouTube "
"Having a slow time? Need a music pick me up. Why not try Vietnamese jazzy funk?! "
"there are so many vietnamese, filipino, &amp; japanese people living in seattle yet somehow no one here knows about hmong people..."
"i cant believe skz passed a vietnamese restaurant in sydney, one that chan said was good af, and none of them ate there."
" I prefer you calling us Canadian Vietnamese couple (Or BaSingSe couple) "
"All-new Caf Central Villa Pasteur: Some of the Vietnamese classics on offer at Caf "
"In recent Daily Bruin video, chemistry instructor H Vi Pham (PhD '15 Houk group) reflects on his hometown of L "
"Vietnamese dishes are some of the best in the world! If you want to try a recipe for yourself, follow along to this "
" : so there's rumor about a tall, handsome and talented vietnamese boy that was cast right away in a CUBE audition last year.?"
"How to Cook Vietnamese Barbecue Prawns - Asian BBQ Series - YouTube "
"Trailer for  Me Home - a short #documentary about an expat Australian man who suffered a #stroke while teachi "
"  Chinese GANGS  Triad, Chinese Union, Taiwanese Circle Gang, Chi "
"   Mueller watched his friends get killed in Vietnam.  The North Viet Cong got their ammun "
"If you can appreciate the magnificence that is the Vietnamese sub, I don think we can be friends. "
"i want boba but only from this Vietnamese places down the street but i think its closed rn and im actually sad"
" : Vietnamese Cat Runs For Father of the Year Award With This Lesson On Parenthood And Everyone Loves Him "
" : Vietnamese rice paper rolls ready...just look at the colours... so pretty #Veganfoodshare #Govegan #Easy2bvegan  htt"
" : Meet Thuy who is Vietnamese/American as she walks home from school. Imagination &amp; courage! #BaoPhi #BasiaTran "
"Vietnamese iced coffeephone "
" irritates me to fuck that lj is so proud to be korean and they cast a vietnamese girl??"
" : BBC News Ti Vi - T Silicon Valley ngh v d th ngh  th thi Lu ANM "
"Vietnamese Cat Runs For Father of the Year Award With This Lesson On Parenthood And Everyone Loves Him "
"Really excited with the way this turned out: Afghan tourmaline Vietnamese aquamarine  iolite fa "
" : This past weekend our Treasurer, Jenny Nguyen and fellow SJSU members, Nicole Phan, Philip Nguyen, and Darian Dang, travele"
" :  welcomed the Global Citizens Diploma program back for session 2.  Thank you Sun, Stetson Uni Business/Mark"
"Ate at a Vietnamese restaurant in Paris with good old friends tonight, brexit isn't happening tomorrow, and there's "
"Since 2009, Vietnamese authorities have been able to seize more than 56 tons of ivory. About 20 tons of ivory linke "
" i didnt find the first movie very enjoyable and i have issues with them casting a vietnamese actor to play "
"  We need a 100 yard buffer zone with rubber bullet machine guns, lasers, tear gas mines and "
"waiting on my vietnamese  just starving my life away"
"   yeah angolan workers sure hated all that infrastructure the soviet empir "
"Of course my favorite fictional character would be a misunderstood, intellectual, Vietnamese-American, third-wave f "
" It happened to me but my partner and I had adopted what we thought was a teacup Vietnamese piglet "
"  This is my last reply to this thread, this is my opinion, to say  Kissinger is bette "
" your name?  do you spell that?-Y-U-N-G that Chinese?? "
"The Carbon Footprint of Vietnamese Robusta: Problem and Potential - natachavcerda: A two-year analysis of... "
" : Proud to present another Vietnamese Freedom Flag this week, this time to Inala SS in recognition of our local multicultur"
"When depressed I like to eat at a Vietnamese restaurant near my home.  As a black man i find peace amongst the peop "
" :  new menu features chef  re-creation of traditional Vietnamese dishes inspired by his travels to"
"-ah, what the point of getting off the couch anyway? All the jobs are going to immigrants these days.-what do yo "
"Ca Phe Vietnamese Stout by Urban South Brewery found at The Bulldog Uptown. Get it before it's gone!"
"Looking to try making Vietnamese food? Sarah Spencer's Totally Vietnamese is FREE now! "
" : This is a lovely read about a Vietnamese community newspaper in Los Angeles- one of those stories to read for the pleasure of i"
" But Thai or Vietnamese iced coffee is up there too"
"Come meet and chat with me at my next office hours this Saturday, April 6th at the Berryessa Library! You pick the "
"Come meet and chat with me at my next office hours this Saturday, April 6th at the Berryessa Library! You pick the "
"Proposal would add #Vietnamese and #Korean fighters to those #eligible for #veterans #cemetery "
"Guides to patient rights under the #BCMentalHealthAct, from the MHARA research team at  are now available in Ar "
"Perfect night-cap - lovely full flavour and so much coffee! - Drinking a Ten Ton Truck Vietnamese Coffee by "
" I be reading the Refugees by Viet Thanh Nguyen; it a collection of short stories about Vietnam "
" And this is Vietnamese? Lol"
" Check Skip The Dishes app. They have a few Vietnamese restaurants"
" : Je collecte des fonds pour Vietnamese orphans. Cliquez pour faire un don:  "
"     When do you think the Vietnamese people began their stru "
"earlier my vietnamese classmate and i were talking about our past relationships. until i mentioned to him about the "
"I just had the sweatiest gaming session of osu ever now my chair smells like vietnamese trenches"
" : The Carbon Footprint of Vietnamese Robusta: Problem and Potential #coffee #coffeeaddict #coffeel"
"  This disgrace would've said the same thing about post-war #refugees, vietnamese, cambodians "
" :   ICE is targeting Vietnamese from the Hmong Community here in the Bay Area. My friends husband is th"
"Lmao bro I hate working at this Vietnamese spot I damn near got fired today Bc of my allergies"
"    One thing is crystal clear: The Vietnam War was not targeted at Viet "
"Beauty is in the eye of the beholder! My interview of an 80 year old Vietnamese woman. "
"Wow, so I can ever be black. Got asked if I was Vietnamese today. And this Vietnamese lady was so convinced I was "
"  I went to a Vietnamese restaurant a few weeks ago, nearly got them, served cold. Chose "
" lmao i forgot my chinese and now i only speak vietnamese. can only count to one hundred in manda "
"  ICE is targeting Vietnamese from the Hmong Community here in the Bay Area. My friends hus "
"  Bit like nuclear non proliferation treaty article IX (3) when Taiwan was a signatory. Perhaps "
"Sick af and staying in bed but still get a Vietnamese iced coffee.  No regrets"
"#NewProfilePic Vietnamese Farmer surrounded by American troops "
"   The most galaxy brain shit I've gotten is when folks are shocked that I'm vietname "
" : For the next 4 weeks, me &amp; George are doing a  exchange for a local Vietnamese family. Homeschooling these cute little"
"within China (like Manchurian) and those that are within the wider sphere of influence of Chinese culture (Korean, "
"   Someone say shotgun Vietnamese coffee? "
"The NSA admits that it lied about what really happened in the Gulf of Tonkin incident in 1964  manipulating data t "
"Vietnamese nail techs never forget anything, they remember your history at their shop for life"
" com is rice in vietnamese but the back of my mind knew u meant corn so my brain went: rice corn"
" She snitched on a US POWs when she was visiting them during the Vietnam war, they secretly gave her "
" : Spicy Vietnamese King Prawn Pho, follow this recipe here... #Food #Foodies #foodtravelchat #Vietna"
"I was going to eat half of this Vietnamese sandwich but that shit was too good now I ain got lunch "
"21. vietnamese is my first language. i was a ESL kid . brown. just did a test and apparently it quality ti "
" i was wearing this outfit one day and he said i looked like a viet cong soldier....every time i saw "
"  , another great new place to check out is Caphe Roasters in philadelphia! they are specializing in Vietnamese coffee."
" Mmmm I don know? What more embarrassing is I can pronounce my gfs name without drawing the infle "
"A friend from Vietnam saw me drink C2 lemon during a video call and he was surprised because he thought they sold V "
" : 3 NEW BEERS LAUNCHING TONIGHT!! / Oo this is going to be good!!  TON TRUCK VIETNAMESE COFFEE  / 10.2% / I"
"What phrases make you angry easily?  Answer in Vietnamese! more essential phrases in Vietnamese with the be "
"Ribeyes steak aged with Japanese rice wine and Vietnamese magic sauce. Cooked to perfection.   "
"Surprisingly no bad, for someone who hates coffee - Drinking a Ten Ton Truck - Vietnamese Coffee Edition by "
"me and mp right into the mic: this is a gay vietnamese household only"
"Absolutely bloody lovely  - Drinking a Ten Ton Truck Vietnamese Coffee by   BrewDog Peterhead   "
"I eat so much Filipino food now that I forget how Vietnamese food tastes like"
"Vietnamese spicy prawn #Pho recipe will blow your taste buds away!  your taste buds a trip into  #phobroth"
"Okay  one minute into part 2 and y couldn hire a Vietnamese granny that could actually speak viet ??"
"Th Thi 122:6-7    Vietnamese Bible:   6 H c ho b cho Gi-ru-sa-lem;      nh ai y m th "
"Th Thi 122:6-7  Bible:  c ho b cho Gi-ru-sa-lem; nh ai y m th  "
"omfg we took my dad to a Vietnamese restaurant for the first time and he had a spring roll and he was like what is "
" wear this at all times "
"At a Vietnamese restaurant close to a good uni. Yum "
" : Vietnamese national, Hanoi FC's midfielder Do Hung Dung with a beauty in training. He is right-footed btw! #hanoifc"
"Logos Ministries visited St Mary today with Dr Tin, a Vietnamese pastor who spoke about the persecution of Christ "
"I asked my dad who his favorite president was and he said Jimmy Carter bc he was president when he first entered th "
" News Food Man has achieved 600 reviews and been to 7th Rank of 178 Food and Drinks in Ho Chi Minh ci "
"They added a slew of delicious Vietnamese menu items for lunch! fionabakeryla ...#fionabakery  sp "
"  Sounds like a Vietnamese place that I know off"
" yes, but not dumb enough to think soompi is a legit source, when not so long ago they were talking about "
"Asian, but air-dried noodle soup, is Vietnamese noodle block, with sea salt and hop to use as bok choi, cabbage, or pork"
"   The commemoration must be celebrated after sunset and before sunrise (Exodus 34:25): "
"The Carbon Footprint of Vietnamese Robusta: Problem and Potential: A two-year analysis of hundreds of Vietnamese ro "
"The Carbon Footprint of Vietnamese Robusta: Problem and Potential "
"The Carbon Footprint of Vietnamese Robusta: Problem and Potential "
"17 - The commemoration must be celebrated after sunset and before sunrise (Exodus 34:25):: "
"R2R Accountant (Vietnamese Speaking) job at Amway Inc. - Kota Damansara #Indeed #jobs"
"  The rare times I had to use Spanish it been ok since I can double check what they "
"   When Washington crossed the Delaware most countries had slavery. When the flag was ra "
"No you did not name your car after a Vietnamese dish  "
"N B  86 trong 100 s bay t nh th gi "
"The Carbon Footprint of Vietnamese Robusta: Problem and Potential #coffee #coffeeaddict "
"I love getting feedback like this from my clients. Amazing first call!!!! Mistress is so dominant and sexy...a bea "
" :  press freedoms resulted in me being sentenced to 4 years in prison and 4 years house arrest for conducting propaga"
"Lam Fr = nomnomnom #Vietnamese #Frankfurt #bahnhofsviertel"
"Unexpectedly good first ever Vietnamese meal ( Minh in London) "
"Read  books. Support Vietnamese American stories. Rethink the world around you and the impact you m "
" While they were being tortured and rotting in filth in a Vietnamese shithole for years, Jane Fonda ca "
"Register for 2020 EO Vietnam-Cambodia Exploration! On this six day trip, you will journey into the past through Cam "
"Pho  Luc Lac Vietnamese Kitchen "
"From Vietnamese Refugee To Co-owner Of Acclaimed Chicago Restaurant Haisous "
"The Vietnam Populist Party (VPP), also known in Vietnamese as  Vi Dan, is a political party in Vietnam, forme "
"I get so tired of people's antics. Oh did you want to say hi, you seem like a chill person but instead you said  "
" : Okay after that late start we are on! had some yummy Vietnamese food now rocking the dubs dubs dubs on Apex! Come watch"
"Maybe if kpop idols did a vietnamese version for their songs it would slap.... "
" : Cambodian IPs won back their grabbed lands from Vietnamese agribusiness giant HAGL. Govt made the decision after CAO foun"
"Looking to spend those bitcoins somewhere in #Vancouver? You can buy a nice cold Vietnamese coffee ! They are "
"My mom sent me a video with advice about everything I currently going through and goes,  speaking in Vietna "
"All my private tweets would just be like  JUST SO desperately sad today because two Vietnamese people overheard "
" : I'm not going to walk into a Vietnamese restaurant and ask them to nuke my face off with their Pad Thai"
"42. Spanish: te amo. Swahili: nakupenda. Swedish: jag  dig. Thai: . Turkish: seni seviyor "
"tonight dinner is a customer favourite and perfect for spring! vietnamese chicken salad with rice noodles, pepper "
" :  for the Mythbook 3 project #Mythbook3 #Mythbook  depicted my vision of the Vietnamese legend of L Long Qu and"
"The Carbon Footprint of Vietnamese Robusta: Problem and Potential "
" When an Algerian-French terrorist hijacked an airliner in 1994, he specifically picked out the one "
" The vast majority of terrorist attacks in France are committed by men of North African origin. Unl "
"nobody told me this Vietnamese coffee from Lee's Sandwiches had 10x the amount of coffee than i'm used to."
"Okay after that late start we are on! had some yummy Vietnamese food now rocking the dubs dubs dubs on Apex! Come w "
" There's an interesting racial dynamic in France between minorities. Many people from France's form "
" : Our contest for Vietnamese Food Any Day ends tonight at 11:59EST. Please be sure you have your entries in. "
"Brads going to vietnam for 2 weeks and I said don fall in love with a sexy Vietnamese girl and he said  this "
"Craving some Vietnamese iced coffee "
"The Vietnamese ladies love masks."
"Bahn mi! Dating back to the 1950s, bahn mis are sandwiches which mix French and Vietnamese cuisines. Ours features "
"They humped her like an aroused mandrill and jamed their weeping one-eyed wonder weasel into her warm boy in the ca "
" press freedoms resulted in me being sentenced to 4 years in prison and 4 years house arrest for conduct "
" press freedoms resulted in me being sentenced to 4 years in prison and 4 years house arrest for conduct "
" just becoming callista, soon I be tiny and Vietnamese -benji Rizzi"
" : Former Georgia gubernatorial candidate Stacey Abrams recently opened up about a childhood friendship she had with a Vietna"
"Our contest for Vietnamese Food Any Day ends tonight at 11:59EST. Please be sure you have your entries in. "
" : NOH DUBLIN I say bullshit to that Vietnamese boat refugee replies to charges of arson, criminal damage, producing a meat"
" : Cao Vinh Thinh, well-known #Vietnamese environmental activist, was kidnapped by Hanoi police on her way to work and inter"
" People have the wrong impression ... as if I speak from the standpoint og a cheated white person ... tha "
" : #Cambodia has returned land taken a decade ago from indigenous communities for a Vietnamese company's rubber plantation"
"For Women's History Month, we're spotlighting Bee Nguyen, who currently serves as the first Vietnamese-American rep "
"Much needed afternoon #pickmeup - Vietnamese Iced Coffee with Housemade Yogurt ... deliciously tart, subtly sweet! "
"2:55am a bicycle around Ho Tay. guy asks me about directions on a delivery receipt written in E "
"Shame that  canceled a needed and critical convo on the orientalist / romanticized depiction of the "
"This is my kind of lunch combo   Chicken Banh Mi and HIGHLY caffeinated &amp; slightly addictive iced "
"Kool Keg (): AleSmith Speedway Stout: Vietnamese Coffee  ()  is on, replacing The Bruery Wether ()"
"AleSmith Speedway Stout: Vietnamese Coffee  ()  is on, replacing The Bruery Wether ()"
"so there's rumor about a tall, handsome and talented vietnamese boy that was cast right away in a CUBE audition las "
"Try something new for breakfast with this recipe for Vietnamese Pyramid Dumplings.://t.co/CsaqC2qZxe"
" Many true Southern Vietnamese families who immigrated overseas still keep up with tradition. North Vi "
"Lmaoo I convinced my sarcasm is universal  translated from Vietnamese 1: What this? : A Drink Mo "
"The stories under this post... I love humans. The Vietnamese menu peppers...  "
" : Celebrate the great victory of the Vietnamese people in their struggle against America! "
" Fish sauce is very handy for both Thai and Vietnamese food. It's a simple but tasty dish for supper. We can' "
" can yall make a flag emoji for the south vietnamese pls"
"Bibo Bistro &amp; Bar: Redemption Square first restaurant specializes in Vietnamese-American fusion "
"Hello Liberals, just went to full DEFCON 1 and have launched operation Instant. Expect 5000 units of #SISTERSQUAD  "
"Here my rant for today. Gonna hurt some feelings but almost 100% of all the Vietnamese funerals I been to, whe "
"Kim Jong Nam murder trial: Result of Vietnamese woman second appeal expected next week - "
"I think Filipino and Vietnamese boys are 10/10. Except Madi and his Filipino boyfriend"
"m*rk lee is vietnamese "
"7. International media began reporting the case using AFP material. Please  with the hashtag "
"SLANGIN', PAY, ARGH, KNOW THE THIEF WITHOUT STYLE, FOOL, PLEASE FRONT HALF COCKED,"
" Better get on that Vietnamese speaking level girl "
" welcomed the Global Citizens Diploma program back for session 2.  Thank you Sun, Stetson Uni Busine "
"  These are not Cuban or Vietnamese refugees who knew freedom at one time."
"black.saigon vol.3. seize the night. guest list only. face control  black on black. 29/03 10pm  N  Modern Viet "
" : vietnamese coffee be hittin different"
"I always crave chicken, Vietnamese food, or sushi .. there no in between"
"Rotten rice and chicken in Vietnamese canteens set off alarm "
"  After the US lost the Vietnam war, they took Lao, Vietnamese &amp; Cambodian ppl in as refugees "
" What's wrong with the Vietnamese flag in the first place?"
"She sucked him like a provoked fox. He tasted concentrated and smelt like vietnamese coriander, lemon, adjika and something distinctly his."
"  Sorry I didn see this lex! But what he said basically summed up everything. The U.S. emba "
"Vietnamese tuna harvesters join IPNLF "
" : A vibrant Vietnamese commercial district has emerged on South Federal Blvd. In February 2014, the Little Saigon Busines"
" Let me know how you mix them!! There are so many that are really good (add condensed milk for vietnames "
" I hope so too!! how are they gonna incorporate Vietnamese &amp; Cambodian history but not incorporate Lao too!"
"Vietnamese Clay Pot Chicken  Low Sugar Effect - Click to see also   "
" : Want to eat your weight in Vietnamese grilled beef ribs and (pictured) shaking beef, the all-you-can-eat Asian setup at Wa"
"Hot hot hot!  Tonight I made spicy Vietnamese minced chicken with noodles, carrot, onion, little gem, and two diff "
"   I almost positive she is half Vietnamese half Latina"
"when i learn vietnamese it over for my nail lady"
" Ten Ton Truck - Vietnamese Coffee Edition (10%) #Fanzine "
"For dinner . I either want catfish nuggets  or Vietnamese food"
"Spring rolls, pho, bun bo hue -- no matter what you're craving, you can always find your authentic Vietnamese fix h "
"Hmm I gonna get Vietnamese for lunch"
"Here they are! we welcome these three awesome beers to the bar! Ton Truck: Vietnamese Coffee Edition 10 "
" I love sushi and Vietnamese food anddd creamy pasta"
" : Just saw a great Vietnamese horror movie called . It about the strong bonds between women, women suffering"
"Hungry? Visit the Eateries for fresh and delicious choices! , , Vina Vietnamese, Steve's Poke Bar "
"Tucked in the smallest county of Texas is a Vietnamese restaurant that sells Banh Mis and gives back to their commu "
"wake forest university heitage month: taste of asia/1 bubble tea/2 vietnamese rolls/3 mini kimbap/4 t "
"Just saw a great Vietnamese horror movie called . It about the strong bonds between women, women suffer "
"Th Thi 122:6-7    Vietnamese Bible:  H c ho b cho Gi-ru-sa-lem;     nh ai y m th  "
" do you think they'll include the part where mark wahlberg assaults two vietnamese men while yelling racial slurs at them"
" you look viet to me ! I viet as well so it nice to see some Vietnamese artists on here"
"Thursday at Forage - Vietnamese Chicken Salad - main course salad of sunworks farm organic chicken, rice noodles, c "
"White story of the day: Got told by two Dutch guys what is and is not Vietnamese food "
"I'm not going to walk into a Vietnamese restaurant and ask them to nuke my face off with their Pad Thai"
"The Carbon Footprint of Vietnamese Robusta: Problem and "
"Innovative solutions to help famers replant ageing coffee trees #Vietnamese #coffee #specialtycoffee #agriculture ://t.co/mbow0SFdIf"
" It a Vietnamese noodle soup and just the broth is to die for. If you have a place around I recommend it!"
" : Vuong follows his astonishing poetry collection, Night Sky with Exit Wounds, with a novel centered on the immense and co"
"I never forget when my Vietnamese friends parents disrespected me &amp; my parents went to their house w/ a machete ."
" : Awesome video, must see://t.co/slnjxZJxZc#trading #btc #eth #forex #Vietnamese #China"
"Awesome video, must see://t.co/slnjxZJxZc#trading #btc #eth #forex #Vietnamese #China"
"AND THAT HUGE REFUGEE MESS,BOTH FROM CAMEL LAND AND AMERICA'S? IT'S ALL BACKLASH FROM SAME TRASH GREED POLITICS WE "
"60 Vietnamese kinderen verdwenen spoorloos uit de beschermde opvang in NL. Luister zaterdag 30 maart tussen 14:00-1 "
"The Carbon Footprint of Vietnamese Robusta: Problem and Potential "
"Vietnamese Food In "
"The Carbon Footprint of Vietnamese Robusta: Problem and Potential: A two-year analysis of hundreds of Vietnamese ro "
"The Carbon Footprint of Vietnamese Robusta: Problem and "
" : Looking for delicious eats? Look no further because here in #SouthCity, we got food covered! From Brazilian, Filipino, &amp; Ha"
" BRO TELL ME ABOUT IT!!!! Not even when I eat at Vietnamese places in downtown like goodnight"
"The Carbon Footprint of Vietnamese Robusta: Problem and Potential "
" REPARATIONS IS NOT FOR SOLVING RACISM ITS TO REPAIR THE DAMAGE DONE TO BLACK PEOPLE IN AMERICA. DID YOU T "
"The Carbon Footprint of Vietnamese Robusta: Problem and Potential "
"A paz vem de voc mesmo. N procure  sua volta. - Buda em mim mesmo ent to fu.#busdismo #museu "
""
"The Carbon Footprint of Vietnamese Robusta: Problem and Potential "
"The Carbon Footprint of Vietnamese Robusta: Problem and "
"Vuong follows his astonishing poetry collection, Night Sky with Exit Wounds, with a novel centered on the immense "
"Try these vegan Vietnamese tofu spring rolls for your next get together, they're sure to be a crowd pleaser!  "
" : Do not steam Vietnamese rice rolls, they don't like it &amp; go soggy, tasted great though, sweet &amp; sour cauliflower using "
"never serve rice on a plate  restaurant why u do this."
" those Vietnamese women kill me."
" (even tho I one played a form of quidditch in the vietnamese HP forum for the slytherin house that is m "
" uzaklara gittik! #Vietnamese #VietnamWar #Vietnam "
" My Vietnamese name is Phoenix too :3"
"Just had a Vietnam Vet flip me off for passing him on my way to Vietnamese food "
"This is a lovely read about a Vietnamese community newspaper in Los Angeles- one of those stories to read for the p "
"   With criminal records.  Why is that always left out.  I'm fine with debati "
"The Carbon Footprint of Vietnamese Robusta: Problem and Potential "
"Stone fruity. Sherry sweetness. Complex and wonderful. - Drinking a Ten Ton Truck Vietnamese Coffee by  at "
"From Vietnamese refugee to owner of acclaimed #Chicago restaurant  "
"Featured business: Mien Tay - incredible Vietnamese food right next to East Bay Laundry (best laundry night ever?) "
" Hello, I just want to say that your artworks are so beautiful and I love them very much. So may I repost "
"The Carbon Footprint of Vietnamese Robusta: Problem and Potential "
" Hello, I just want to say that your artworks are so beautiful and I love them very much. So may I repos "
" No unfortunately she will stay in Vietnam and we'll do long distance. It's extremely difficult for Vietn "
"Her &amp; her uncle are Vietnamese &amp; her boyfriend is black. They all the same age group 25-28 but apparently in Vie "
"The Carbon Footprint of Vietnamese Robusta: Problem and Potential "
"i have a very specific childhood memory of telling people their vietnamese name was pad thai and taking note of whi "
"you know why i am still not Famous until 2012 came, because i dont know how good i am 2019, i know i good, very "
" Sounds like the one of the chicks I interned with who ofc was a white girl with dreads from Califor "
" lol i dont look vietnamese either!! ppl think im japanese or korean hahaahaa"
"Brexit: d bi Anh  y c bi quy l ba "
"The walls are speaking Vietnamese"
" M CH CH TRINH EM S  RA R LU V  .... "
"  D - Long Dress - the traditional costume of Vietnamese women...#apieceofvietnameseculture "
"Keg. Complex. Coffee on nose rather than taste. Stone fruit. Rich . Sherryesque - Drinking a Ten Ton Truck Vietname "
" Oh great! loving your lunch options. salad sandwich"
"vietnamese is so funny,,, like why do we talk in 3rd person"
"Do not steam Vietnamese rice rolls, they don't like it &amp; go soggy, tasted great though, sweet &amp; sour cauliflower us "
"The daughter in US was wearing a shirt that had the word rabbit in vietnamese written on it"
"Vietnam that was the seat of Nguyen Dynasty emperors from 1802 to 1945 and hence Vietnam  capital. We s "
"Doing crack and drinking Vietnamese coffee is the same thing"
"Knets, what's wrong with looking like a Vietnamese?...every fucking race is an insult except white to you?"
" :  A Vietnamese woman wearing a face mask rides along a street amidst a blanket of smog over Hanoi; #AFP  "
"Gays lets rank ice coffees Vietnamese ice coffee from Mom and Pop bakeries in Little Saigon Coffee Bean That "
"I only let the Vietnamese folks down in Bel Aire do my hair lmao."
". is helping me learn Norwegian and my daughter learn Vietnamese. Absolutely loving this app!"
"#NEWSHEADLINES I Vietnamese soldiers who sacrificed for Cambodia honored://t.co/GTu9h8kBG4"
" 17:24  Chinese      24       Ch Ng 17:24  Vietnamese     24 Ng th hi lu t s "
"Vegan Vietnamese roasted eggplant! An appetizing example of cuisine, courtesy of tiffanybee. Who's hungry? #vegan "
" My parents just say computer in English plus my Vietnamese is very bad "
" : We speak English! We speak Spanish! We speak Vietnamese! "
"#homecook #BunRieu B Ri but with only crab , egg , ground pork , rice noodle  soup. Another Northern "
"Vietnamese rice farmers after successfully driving U.S. soldiers off their land during the Vietnam War  "
"Vietnamese lunch with my Chinese friend, Dr Hugh in New York."
"Th Thi 122:6-7    Vietnamese Bible:   6 H c ho b cho Gi-ru-sa-lem;      nh ai y m th "
" she also was asking me if i had already told you about the local vietnamese restaurant because she knows y "
"We hope all of you are having a  day!  not, then trying this Vietnamese grilled pork chop rice bowl will d "
"In April I want to try Indian, Vietnamese, Ramen and other food. Low key tired of the same meals, need to expand my options"
"oh hell yeah, that whole lil north side filled with them. nothing but Vietnamese and Koreans in Tucker. "
"30,000 Feet above sea Level Magic. Meet my Vietnamese friend.#cebubestmagic "
"Th Thi 122:6-7  Bible:  c ho b cho Gi-ru-sa-lem; nh ai y m th  "
" Good luck roomed with an older couple,he was Army Capt&amp;he loved to show his pics of dozed VC bodies&amp;he a "
"Ch 17:24 Vietnamese th hi lu t s ngoan, k ngu d nh m lung."
"6PM TONIGHT  have three beer launches for all you lucky people to enjoy! Mail Order Martian - 7% Oat Cream "
"Happy December -B!!! See what we did there?  || B M and a refreshing Vietnamese Iced coffee || 5ivespice "
"Bamboo Airways is to buy 50 Airbus A321Neos, its chairman Trinh Van Quyet said on Thursday, as the Vietnamese carri "
"i need vietnamese food like asap"
"If anyone gets a message from a random Vietnamese person with a video of me in a state of undress, save yourself th "
"me mandaron un mail para pedirme permiso y usar mis traducciones en ingl y traducirlas a vietnamese "
"Portraits of Trump and Kim with LOVE "
"Immigration class today covers Vietnamese refugees &amp; we are going to end with the story  and the powe "
" "
"Matt buzzing for our newest releases! Ten Ton Truck Vietnamese Coffee, Pulp Patriot &amp; Mail Order Martian are all "
" What is it in Vietnamese"
" I want to preface this by stating clearly that I am half Vietnamese and grew up in a VERY racist part of "
"Congratulations to our friends at  on opening their new location at 57 E Oak St.  eclectic "
"In Metropolis and I Just helped a Vietnamese woman who doesn speak English chase her dog down through the woods a "
" Sis you like Thai/Vietnamese?"
"#NorthKorean tourism officials urge #Vietnamese travellers to seize a #golden opportunity to visit the country fo "
"How do you say I don't know her in vietnamese?#mariahcarey #rupaulsdragrace #rupaul #gaymemes #gay "
"My first black wife presidential Vietnamese first Vietnamese girlfriend also gave me professionally directed studen "
"Hanoi Postcard: Vietnamese painter of Trump art diversifies "
"Vietgone writer Qui Nguyen continues a trilogy about his Vietnamese parents setting down roots in America. This n "
"Joyeaux  A Working Vietnamese Lunch Downtown #Vancouver I work downtown.  often don't have a lot of time "
" : A hot bowl of delicious Vietnamese noodles (ph). Perfect for the cold weather. via #FoodPorn Subreddit - Courtesy of"
"Indigenous communities in Cambodia recover their sacred land taken over, a decade ago, by a Vietnamese agribusiness "
" I'd say half Vietnamese and the other half I have no idea "
"Old people should not go to the dmv alone. I feel so bad for this old guy bc he didn know where to go and I could "
" : A failure that few receive this Vietnamese Am's elite education: I learned my community role as inheritors &amp; beneficiaries"
"Viet Nam: Vulnerability assessment to climate change and environmental degradation, Fluent in Vietnamese - "
" : North Korea looks to woo Vietnamese travellers as economy struggles "
" : March 27, 1969: Despite the change in administration, the new Secretary of State is underestimating North Vietnamese wil"
" ImmigrantsNews: Full Coverage: Vietnamese newcomers to Canada "
" thats dope bro know some vietnamese?"
"Vietnam's Bamboo Airways signs firm deal to buy 50 Airbus A321neo planes - chairman , March 28 (Reuters)  V "
"9 TONS!! BREAKING: World largest ivory seizure: over nine tonnes of ivory seized in Da Nang, Vietnam "
" : Please feel free to follow me. # #Vietnam #Vietnamese #    "
"Lack of Unity and The Nuke Hoax's the only Reason Globalism Exist  Some of the Countries found out the US "
"With the launch of the Spring Offer (15% off all Thai and Vietnamese classes booked between now and 8th April!), "
"Former Vietnamese refugee moves back to Hamilton to build a high rise.  has more. "
" Thanks brotha and I paid this lil vietnamese chick to do it for me"
" : Vietnamese Snake Wine. you try a shot? "
"That moment when your one Vietnamese student tells you he likes your nuoc cham better than his mother's. ' "
"  Anchoi! It a vietnamese place on psu campus and its just as good as it looks"
"Gorditas from Aguascalientes, Pupusas from Papaturro, or Vietnamese from Simply Pho? .. help me choose? T "
"My coworker brought Mr. Baguette today and this Vietnamese iced coffee is so good"
"i was sitting in class tryna figure out the word for  in english cause i could only remember it in vietnamese eksksnwosjan"
" I love spreading the gospel of Bahn Mi! French colonials filling their baguettes with delicious Vi "
"Vietnamese #DDGS imports have jumped 67% to 504,000 tons so far in the marketing year. "
"someone help, i lost my dog  he a vietnamese spy &amp; he very dangerous"
" : Craving delicious Vietnamese pho today?  Maybe  Thai, Cuban, Korean, Indian,  Chinese or Salvadoran food?  Here are the Top"
"Skip ordering takeout tonight and make an Asian-inspired recipe at home! Chinese-, Thai-, Vietnamese-, and Japanese "
"idiot vietnamese ml player "
"Joining a Vietnamese MC"
" : Vietnam War: During Operation Bushmaster, a member of Company L, (Ranger), 75th Infantry, wearing camouflage makeup sits"
"Craving delicious Vietnamese pho today?  Maybe  Thai, Cuban, Korean, Indian,  Chinese or Salvadoran food?  Here are "
"PHO CHAY VIETNAMESE DISH you are a vegetarian wishing to have a taste of Vietnamese cuisine/ Vietnamese restaura "
"Research on the Vietnamese Crinum latifolium L stems back many years. Crinum species in traditional and modern usag "
" THREE BEER THURSDAY  Mail Order Martian - 7% Oat Cream DDH IPA  Ten Ton Truck - 10.2% Vietnamese Coffee S "
"Reasons I like San Antonio- good Vietnamese food."
"Home to multiple barista champions, Bosgaurus carries a dream of keeping Vietnamese coffee on the world map. "
" vl b th n vietnamese style  hay l c b n :))"
"No lovelife no worries. If your own raise doesn't appreciate you then find another one.   Thai or Vie "
"Change it up with a Vietnamese noodle salad that's packed full of the fragrant flavours of Southeast Asian cooking.  "
"#live #news 28/03/2019: Tin t bu s  m v   xem:  "
"Lads if you're ever near a PURE. for food then get their vegy Vietnamese curry it is. Beautiful."
"We've got 6 inch Vietnamese Subs for $3.99-$4.99 available Monday-Fridays #YQL Stop by in shop! #Lethbridge "
"We speak English! We speak Spanish! We speak Vietnamese! "
" you are watching  Saigon today ... try to see and hear it differently. Consider the perspectives ... of V "
"Tonight background: 3x languages on set. (English / Thai / Vietnamese)"
" You look pretty vietnamese to me as well and I say this as being full viet too. A lot of people(even ch "
" 17:24  Chinese      Ch Ng 17:24  Vietnamese    Ng th hi lu t s kh ng "
"Yoo, this Vietnamese iced coffee got me shaking"
"Introducing the Banh Mi, new menu item. Lightly Breaded and Fried Pollock topped with Chipotle Aioli, Lettuce and V "
""
" &gt;Hi fellow liberals&gt;We are terrible&gt;It is time we admitted it. That we helped the USSR immigrate Vie "
"*I don't know her.. in vietnamese* ....#RupaulsDragrace #mimi #lol #mariahcarey #mariah "
"Today's #Chefspecial is #RoastedTofu and #RiceNoodleSalad with Vietnamese Dipping Sauce, Broccoli, Green Beans, Cuc "
" : 6 hair vendors, 2 eyelash vendors, 1 lip gloss vendor!! All tested and verified!! The list is on sale for $40 (1) 7a Hair"
"'Nh r ro d h' t Huawei  v vi th Anh "
"  I also like the pedestrian rationalization for their terror attacks: well, we invaded "
" : Y'all better get these lash/hair vendors  7a $15 8a $15 9a $20 10a $25 Vietnamese $35 Ind"
"The Vietnamese sure know how to make an iced coffee"
"  "
"Interested in hearing more about the Vietnamese wind market? Then why not come along to our workshop during "
"Vietnamese coffee is crack but so fucking bomb "
" Lisa Unnie. Th s ko bi ch j ngo ch ch lu kh m v th c tr con  s "
"Vietnamese Hmong Woman Original Oil Painting Vietnam War Era 1 by BonniesVintageAttic "
"Vietnamese Hmong Woman Original Oil Painting Vietnam War 1950s by BonniesVintageAttic "
"Vietnamese woman on trial for assassination of North Korean leader half-brother is expected to learn next week wh "
"Does your congregation need to consider hosting another congregation in its facilities? "
" : If you want to gather a lot of knowledge, act as if you are ignorant. ~ Vietnamese Prover"
"So im at a vietnamese restaurant and for the first time in my life the waiter can't speak or understand vietnamese. Im shook."
" : Bagets muna ngaun#bagets #BagetsNaMasarap #sarapngpinoy #sarapngkantot #PinoyBDSM #pinoyhottie #jakolph #jakolerongbaget"
"  Turns out it about a Vietnamese-American cis person"
"   How did you do against those Vietnamese farmers?"
" Thanks for letting Clementine live. I am a Vietnamese watching and watching games from the first sea "
"Wow! The Chinese government started to make movement again! I wonder if Vietnam will once again become known as Ind "
"Sometimes when i get mad at my friends, i yell at them in vietnamese cause i want them to get annoyed"
"Laughter is a universal language. Read about why  students Alyssa Ramuscak (Croatian Canadian), Matthew N "
"How to vietnamese kid watching soccer?( T y  ) "
"Join us for Everybody's Happy Hour after work from 5 - 8 and enjoy half priced cocktails, glasses of wine &amp; beer! "
"  Anyone else been getting an increase in calls that are in Vietnamese? That's been happening to me a lot lately..."
"Last week's Column One, a gorgeous reflection by  on her father and the Vietnamese paper that defined L "
" 122:6-7   Chinese       Thi 122:6-7    Vietnamese Bible: "
"How to Easily Make Genuine Vietnamese Coffee #coffeelover #coffee #vietnam "
" 17:24  Chinese      Ch Ng 17:24  Vietnamese    Ng th hi lu t s kh ng "
""
"  And if you didn't know about their collusion w/ Iranians or Vietnamese to harm Ameri "
"EU Governments  the buck for protecting thousands of Vietnamese children trafficked through Europe "
"Vietnamese monk faces suspension for profiting from karma rituals- Sources say he is actually a member of the Commu "
" was Asian to appeal to China., casting an unknown Asian (Vietnamese, not even Chinese) in a supporting "
" How the hell do you do that - asked a Vietnamese "
"  its ok mistakes happen tbh i once forgot the word for cucumber in vietnamese and just stood there "
"     My worst was in Paris, a night of Vietnamese food. "
" If you look back thru Aus history, Australians have said the same thing about Catholics, Italians, C "
" : We've got three amazing beers dropping to tickle your tastebuds with tomorrow! And maybe some limited edition Tees.."
"  2/2 ALWAYS been lawless; have ALWAYS been corrupt; have ALWAYS put p "
"My Vietnamese co workers are fuckin hilarious "
"life in moscow was never tedious, but it was good enough for john, a vietnamese woman. but their world is turned up "
"  The Morelos story is magic but looking at your bio... you from Glasgow and can speak "
""
"can you repeat that, please?  in #Vietnamese "
"     if you live in the UK or europe it is very "
"  The navy seals are ranked 11th on the top elite forces in the world lmfao whilst my "
""
" Let be honest  - I make a better job of explaining the mathematics of quantum mechanics in Vietnamese "
"#Buddha #Hanoi #Vietnam #pagoda"
" : The V Live upload of #1THE9 Wonderland now has English, Thai, Spanish, Indonesian and Vietnamese subs! You can watch (or r"
"   He Vietnamese slow down the racism"
"There are an estimated 300,000 Hmong Christians living in Vietnam government sees their belief in Jesus Christ "
"Vietnamese restaurant, boba tea company to open dual restaurant at former Wasabi location on Ambassador Caffery Par "
"The full trial judgement in #ECCC Case 002/02 against #NuonChea and #KhieuSamphan is now available.  "
" That what you get for canceling white guys and hooking up w a half Vietnamese, a Cuban and a Portuguese "
" : Special Guest Chef  joined  In the #LumpiaLab for a special Vietnamese &amp; Filipino #Lumpia collabo"
"When you job hunting you have to answer just about any phone call.... just answered the phone from a Houston num "
"Haahaaha bought those at the market, was about to eat them, checked the ingredients...  Which I knew was pointless "
" : Thursday night curry!! it Louise Vietnamese Pork,  pp. Full menu on too.  The Greyhound Inn "
"My conversation with my boss 2 minutes ago: : so you're Vietnamese or something right?: nah I'm Korean ac "
" There a place by my house that has AMAZING Vietnamese coffee- every time I go there I have to get it!"
"My Vietnamese friend got a call from his dad and they got in a really heated conversation in Vietnamese and then wh "
" : Don't get me started on pain control. Once rounded on a little old Vietnamese lady who had major surgery. They were givin"
" most extant Asian languages are derived in one way or another from Chinese language and culture. Japanese "
"John Legend  Vietnamese dating series all about music://t.co/eFqnqTUvZM "
"   HER SHI SAID  IN VIETNAMESE"
" Historians would later note that the global revolution began in a vietnamese restaurant.  The leaders "
"I have never wanted Vietnamese coffee so bad in my life"
"  Some Vietnamese need to wake up"
"North Korea looks to woo Vietnamese travellers as economy struggles "
" : A new collection from Franciscan Brother Rufino Zaragoza -   this new collection, Rufino collaborates with Vietnamese and"
"When Japanese Americans were given reparations under the Reagan Administration Vietnamese, Korean and Chinese Ameri "
"I didn't blow it. But I didn't knock it out of the park either. told them I had experience working records (than "
"The first #crypto exchange in Vietnam opened as a result of a new partnership between a Swiss #blockchain firm and "
" Put a Vietnamese hat on him "
"   The only thing her father paved the way to was a Vietnamese prison for crashing dick fi "
" It is! But my Vietnamese friend kept saying  no nothing in common with Chinese. I believe it struc "
"#Repost  () find the Vietnamese, this time by accident not by design. Tried "
" : A big win today for the Jarai, Tampoun, Kreung and Kachok communities in northeastern Cambodia who we've been supporting"
"The dream was to get back into cartoons. But it took me so long just to get that awful job. What do I do? took t "
" Der Vietnamese, der ein paar Meter weiter auf der anderen Seite der Stra einen kleinen Laden betreibt, "
"If  it wasn enough of a treat that you getting Mail order Martian and  Pulp Patriot today. You also getting "
"  After all, one of Carlos Hathcocks greatest nemesis was a Vietnamese sniper woman....."
"It so happens that my group is very international and  addition to English swearing in Galician, German, Hebrew "
" Make Vietnamese wings (legit)"
"It boggles my mind to see how much time and emphasis the Vietnamese place on teaching penmanship in school in the y "
"This man is talking shit about me in Vietnamese or Korean or whatever the hell he speaks  I know my fingernail loo "
"Want to eat your weight in Vietnamese grilled beef ribs and (pictured) shaking beef, the all-you-can-eat Asian setu "
" All of your arts alway make a attention for me ( sory if i say wrong something cause i'm vietnamese )"
" But most teochew ppl can speak the other dialects  and at home or at family gatherings the adults would "
" Thanh Long in S.F. Roasted crab &amp; garlic noodles are  at this Vietnamese restaurant."
"Top Vietnamese leader highlights great potential for Vietnam-UAE cooperation: Party General "
"Vietnamese, Lao parties enhance archival cooperation: Officials cut the ribbon to "
"Vietnamese coffee on a sunny day. "
"Disgusting to see Vietnamese Seungri's apologists resort to echo chamber saying police's source is unreliable and t "
" I've seen Vietnamese described as Outer  before somewhere. They have a lot of Chinese borrowings and mo "
"  Aye, if they don't like the look of you you'll be resident on a remote atoll with a lot of Vietnamese for company!"
"WIN 1 of 3 COPIES OF VIETNAMESE FOOD ANY DAY "
" : Great Victory; Cambodian indigenous communities win back their sacred land from Vietnamese rubber developer "
" I RELATE but instead of Cuban grandma it's old Vietnamese singer. (p.s. the secret around that is t "
" It is going to be a Vietnamese restaurant. Signs should be going up fairly soon!"
"I can see local vietnamese facebook having a field day with this info "
"An off-the-grid Vietnamese joint that promises the best banh mi in the city. "
" : Fraudster left prison, became a pastor and stole $25 million from his mostly Orange County Vietnamese followers: SEC "
"It is weird how I, being in Vietnam at the moment get ads on twitter in Vietnamese. Bizarre!"
"i notice that you have  in your handle, are you vietnamese by any chance because  issa vietnamese name "
" : I can see a dozen of opportunities across edutech, fintech and medtech in Vietnam, even in airlines. When people are hungry,"
"Nooooooo! I'm out of Penzey's Vietnamese Cinnamon!  Urgent reorder in process..."
"   got pho in EL/Lansing? Is that NOLA/Vietnamese place still open?"
"they call themselves vietnamese beacause they live in vietnam -  "
" : #Indigenous communities in  Cambodia won a major victory when several areas grabbed by the  Vietnamese #agribusiness gi"
" A Vietnamese banh mi"
" Why? Because of my Vietnamese coffee thing? I don't think anyone would consider me a hipster!"
"#Indigenous communities in  Cambodia won a major victory when several areas grabbed by the  Vietnamese "
"A failure that few receive this Vietnamese Am's elite education: I learned my community role as inheritors &amp; ben "
" :  This is hilarious. I currently live in Austin and actually ate at this restaurant for the first time last week!  I"
"a macbook is ~2000 US dollar macbook is ~50 million Vietnamese Dollar you see why America is actually that ri "
"Chatting with a Vietnamese colleague today and found out that the Vietnamese word for  is: w "
" : VIETNAMESE SON-IN-LAW  :))):))))):)))    #JB #GOT7 #musicbankinhanoi "
" Sriracha is Vietnamese"
" This is hilarious. I currently live in Austin and actually ate at this restaurant for the first time la "
"I want me one of Vietnamese hats before I leave"
"Playground 4 #bears  a rescue center in #Vietnam. Enriched habitats allow bears to relearn foraging after yrs in c "
"Citizenship For Seniors Taught In Vietnamese begins at 9:00am at Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Library. "
"im gonna get inside a jungle tree and then start speaking vietnamese to scare steve"
"AOG  tr vinh quang  #Vietnamese #YouTube #KingJacksonDay #game "
"The Vietnamese nationalists might have a thing or two to say about being called proxies. "
" With all the hate I've seen on here toward Smollett, I have yet to see any mention of celebrities who c "
"my lover ! #Vietnamese "
"         "
" : The 1st week of #3rStFoodTrucks keeps rolling today with  and their delicious Latin dishes. Joining them tod"
"  Stream  m m "
" : Global pop sensation  is on the cover of ! Plus, they have a new album coming out. "
"NEWS the video seungri shared was actually him and his vietnamese sugar daddy slow fucking in dim candle light on the bed of roses"
" : Ch c n ti n l h 24h  r  #MAP_OF_THE_SOUL_PERSONA #Persona  "
"New spot in town. Going for a Banh Mi to test drive  ( Vietnamese Snack Food Cafe in Dubai) "
"Free college anyone!? Spanish and Vietnamese speakers available! HMU 2142231942!!!   "
" I never knew I was saying your name each time I enjoyed vietnamese soup."
"Vietnamese Angels"
"Always keep your smile naaa #happyBESTday22nd ##bestvittawin #BestvvFamily "
" Are you Vietnamese?"
"#vietnam #Vietnamese #EDMMUSIC"
"using Google translate to talk to my vietnamese cousin is weird"
" : Vietnamese ambassador presents his credentials to President Erdo "
" Launching at 6PM  have THREE(!) new beers launching for you today at 6PM! Patriot; a raspberry milksha "
"She was seen dealing with me A7 tickets during Sg concert, although it was SOLD to a Vietnamese already. She has be "
"The closest I got to #Singapore food and at a Vietnamese restaurant no less. The #laksa was so good!#hkfoodie "
" calls the games better than anyone. Joe Buck makes me wish I was getting tortured in a 1965 Vietnamese PO "
" : "
"H N mu c xe m theo gi nh c kh thi? "
"  #BTSxEW  the kings"
" : You can buy our #BTS cover here: "
""
" : T kho twt ch th c Entertainment Weekly c   b l h   quy   cho t ch #BTSxE"
""
""
"I can't believe I'm only writing about this restaurant now (since I go here at least twice a month): Pho Restaurant "
"People: Never make fun of someone mispronouncing a word, because it means they learnt it by reading. "
" Vietnamese, yes, but not Korean "
"Bibo Bistro &amp; Bar: Redemption Square first restaurant specializes in Vietnamese-American fusion "
"US Army provides helicopter transportation to Saigon staff. North Vietnamese role has been undetermined. #BillBarrLetters"
"Jon killed 27 Vietnamese children"
" : As you want, Yoongi  #EWxBTS "
" : See #BTS in EW's exclusive cover photo shoot "
" : [C NH 28.03 ]               STREAM+  : 482.9M+     ( 17M N TH ): 524.3M+: 677.5"
" : I just wanna go just wanna fly  rap daebak qu m TT TT  + like + share Trailer comeback tr t c m"
" : TRAILER COMEBACK L TR L 11.4M+ C EPIPHANY ~! N H CH  M TH NG N #MAP_OF_THE_SOUL_PER"
" : [ J4F ] kh bi gi sinh vi n nh v sinh vi n cu --- HiThereJosh #RM #Leader #MAP_OF_THE_"
"Ready to eat? Today's #LunchInLove food truck line up:  Island Shack QT Vietnamese Sandwich  "
" : STREAMING  1 ti n th l h 24h  r , comeback trailer k l nh l c Singularity 12.4M v Epiphan"
" : STREAM XEN K#Fakeloveto500M : #MAP_OF_THE"
" :     "
" :     #JIMIN#RM#MAP_OF_THE_SOUL_PERSONA#Persona "
" : K-pop superstars #BTS took America by storm in 2018. Now they ready for a victory lap. Here your exclusive look inside their w"
" : #BTS # MAP OF THE SOUL : #PERSONA 'Persona' Comeback Trailer Photo Sketch ( "
" :  !!  #RM "
" : #BTS #BTSxEW   "
" : 190328 vinh d  l b t ch Entertainment Weekly ( ho to l   quy). #BTS  ---- t"
" :  Thank you for your true blessing heart Mr. President DONALD J. TRUMP.  It is the same way for our The"
" Thank you for your true blessing heart Mr. President DONALD J. TRUMP.  It is the same way for our "
"Vietnamese woman in Jong Nam murder case makes second bid for freedom "
"i put as caption , shua,  in all my drawings and this person asked me if they could reupload my drawing to "
" Have you tried with tapioca flour? In Vietnamese recipes you get a springiness from it"
"Thursday starts with Bud Powell,Vietnamese Coffee Cookies &amp; Cream, Milo Godzilla, Grand Mariner and B3!"
" 06/05/2019, l ng MV Singularity ph h 1 n. G y th d cho Taehyung  V BTS c v c pag "
" Oooooofff this is good! Thank you. I also found Adumu which is a great display one that has everything "
"PM encourages Japanese firms to invest in Vietnamese SOEs | Vietnam+ (VietnamPlus) "
" such a shame Lyn and Sal didn stick to their own recipe for success in tonights elimination.... S "
"It's our FINAL week before our Spring Break!!  us for some tasty Vietnamese supper before we go!   have Bun "
"Only going to school so I can flirt with this Vietnamese guy in my second period "
" No problem, love hearing from you.  Vietnamese do understand freedom better than most since they left a Communist dictatorship"
"So, while China has this huge labor force it can let produce where they are and later pull into cities seasonally f "
"Nicholas Corsellis QC prosecutes Romanian people smuggler given six-year sentence after smuggling 21 Vietnamese nat "
" Racial tensions at all that I have noticed. My suburb contains I think every single group of people "
"   sounds in my head like Vietnamese English."
"I can see a dozen of opportunities across edutech, fintech and medtech in Vietnam, even in airlines. When people ar "
"  You had the Vietnamese one probably. Rambo brought his own"
"From January 31 to February 6, 1968, Canley spearheaded and defended his men from enemy attacks, and exposed himsel "
"Fresh spring rolls  #vietnameserestaurant #vietnamesegrill #annam #malboroughma "
"Setting up a business in Vietnam? Representative Office is among the most common option for first-time entrants "
"#GirlOfTheDay Summer will be faithful to her true man, and will be like a servant to follow her man's order, love h "
"Learn Vietnamese with TVO week's video introduces to you one of our new teachers - Huyen Le. Huyen will take "
"Gebruik de vissaus van Golden Diamond als dipsaus voor Vietnamese loempia's! #AmazingOriental "
"Looks like we turning into a proper restaurant group! Thank you to EVERYONE that voted for our food! BEST VIETNA "
"It's the #FinalWeek for  at  in #Lenton #E10 - Excellent #Vietnamese food from the very busy s "
""
"- Vietnamese son-in-law#Vietnamleafhat #KangDaniel #PARKJIHOON #ONGSEONGWOO #HASUNGWOON #N "
" I not an economist so I feel wary about weighing in on the difficulties in comparing the Cuban and "
" : Egg and coffee lovers try the new  Vietnamese egg coffee!!!. Whip egg yolk and condensed milk in a bowl.. Pour hot a"
" : teacher: why do you think there are so many Vietnamese people in Berlin?: sex tourism? class: WOAH YO YOU CAN"
" : did u know that you can beat the ice gym in vietnamese crystal without it freezing? it actually freezes when the opponent us"
"Pho lovers, you'll love your favorite meal even more once you appreciate its origins and rich history. "
"Chi Pu | NGUOI NAO HAY (Friend Zone OST. - Vietnamese Version) | Official Music Video "
"Do you think Vietnamese folk get tired of Fortunate Son playing on a loop?"
"   17 Ememe ncheta ncheta mgbe anyanw dara na tupu  anyanw ( 34:25): "
"2) fleeing the rapidly advancing North Vietnamese Army. Many of the South Vietnam military deserted their posts, Da "
"17 - Ememe ncheta ncheta mgbe anyanw dara na tupu  anyanw ( 34:25):: "
" : This little piggy went ...., wee, wee, want to find my home! PIG ! Vietnamese cross boar pig was located in the 8"
" Half Irish half vietnamese"
" :  Have you told these kind persons many years they are facing for a bad #GCBacklog . 15+,20+,30+...Vietnam"
"Chi Pu | NGUOI NAO HAY (Friend Zone OST. - Vietnamese Version) | Official Music Video "
"H rong #Hanoi #hangrong #ganhhangrong #VietNam #Vietnamese #Vietnam "
"I wondered what that meant! And for the rest of the film, [Zora] sports a green, short-sleeved, hooded sweatshir "
"Community-Based Cervical Cancer Education: Changes in Knowledge and Beliefs Among Vietnamese American Women. "
"Vietnamese #HumanRights Campaigner Stuck in Scary Limbo in Thailand: Shanghai News | More o "
"The 1st week of #3rStFoodTrucks keeps rolling today with  and their delicious Latin dishes. Joining th "
" Wing you Vietnamese ??? Lmao"
"You get a free Lyft to Nam Phuong #chamblee #norcross #vietnamese #atlanta Lyft Credit/Coupon/Promo Code INVITES"
"Vietnamese Shabu "
" Dusty, just because I hate walking thru the Divot. The trees speak Vietnamese"
"Vietnamese version Nancy H Jimmy Phan Ng Hi Phan "
"What's his ethnicity  Chinese/vietnamese/Australian "
"We launch 3 beers at 6pm this evening!-Mail Order Martian 7% DDH Oat Cream IPA- Pulp Patriot 9.5% Raspberry Mi "
"Nguyen: Xin ch! Catch #MyStupidBoss2 in theaters near you.. Xem  nh!   #vietnamese. "
"Daily Specials:)Vietnamese Banh Mi- Pork,Carrot-Daikon Slaw, Cucumbers,Jalapeno and Mayo on Baguette) Vegetaria "
"When I then explained about how first names are sibling shared and have a position similar to western middle names "
" : Use How Cool Brands Stay Hot by  and  to remain a relevant, appealing brand in the eyes of the m"
" My favorite food depends on the day. At the top of the list is sushi, seafood, Thai foods, Vietnamese food "
"Roundup is Agent Orange it has been giving the Vietnamese cancer and other horrible diseases for decades as well as "
"And our story continues...  is now also available in #Vietnamese! Th    "
"Cambodian IPs won back their grabbed lands from Vietnamese agribusiness giant HAGL. Govt made the decision after CA "
" A vietnamese boy WILL RUIN YOUR LIFE OMGGGGGG !!"
" ah loa th is a Vietnamese word for super super big speaker used in outdoor events and conferen "
"Taste of Vietnam!   Zao Vietnamese Bistro Bonifacio High Street "
" : And the #HowCoolBrandsStayHot story continues... The best-selling, award-winning book by  &amp;  is n"
"After all, I made some fried chicken using chicken which I had frozen before. It was delicious to eat them with swe "
" coffee"
"And the #HowCoolBrandsStayHot story continues... The best-selling, award-winning book by  &amp; "
"NG N HAY (Friend Zone OST. - Vietnamese Version) (L b h) - Chi Pu "
" : #BTS # #MAP_OF_THE_SOUL_PERSONA Comeback Trailer #Persona("
"YAAAA! KIM NAM JOONNNNN!!! YOU KILL ME!!#MAP_OF_THE_SOUL_PERSONA #KimNamjoonNation #KimNamjoonForPresident "
"   They will not hold the guy ransom all season like he's a Vietnamese prisoner of war, sheesh."
"B  r  v nghi ng  ti Nga  c ng h "
"My 10th and very first birthday in America in one of my favorite floral church donated dress #immigrant #refugees "
" My son made chicken soup yesterday. He adds cinnamon too, something he learned from Vietnamese soups. Y "
" Vietnamese markets have the best baguettes..must be  from their history with France."
"      Hmmm. Een opvallend geluid. Dat van die Vi "
" 15% off ALL Thai and Vietnamese classes!  you want to savour a Vietnamese Summer Roll or produce the "
"Hey  no offence to Chef Santos but I hear the best crawdads are in Houston. Vietnamese immigrants took s "
"I lived in Vietnam for nearly 2 years and I legit eat Vietnamese food like once a month"
" #usmovie Zora's shirt has the Vietnamese word for rabbit printed on it...more Easter egg fodder? I hav "
" : Buddhist monk Th Qu  burnt himself to death in protest against the persecution of Buddhists by the South Vietnamese"
"Does anyone understand Vietnamese?"
"I don know what going on with the moon or some shit but Vietnamese people are running through traffic at an alarming rate as of late"
"Small plates, big flavor!#daikonandsoyabeancakes #wokfriedbroccoliandpokchoy...#sidestreet #glasgow #scotland "
" because she vietnamese and lara jean is a korean character. her accepting the role was her particip "
"Valt er zo een Vietnamese loempia in mijn mond.... Sitting under my lucky stars"
" Good choice. Japanese literature is better translated in Vietnamese"
" It's not matcha, it's Vietnamese"
"I thought I knew panic until my coordinator called me from the airport cause we forgot to get his Vietnamese visa. #gotitin20min #FTW"
"BBC News Ti Vi - V sao Tr Qu l m trong 10 ch ' b nh th gi'? "
"BBC News Ti Vi - Chuy m c ty Trung Qu b tr c t s tr tu "
"At SUNY-Albany this week I spoke at Thomas Bass journalism class and he gave me a signed copy of his book on the "
"Any of my Vietnamese/Caucasian family or friends willing to look into helping this little boy? "
"BBC News Ti Vi - B s tan ra l l nhi x ng leo n Himalaya "
" Absolutely. My Vietnamese is terrible but I yearn for that language now I swamped by "
"  Jesus wept, they're not even being accurate with their racism... I suppose it IS en "
"  I think that a lot of strangers generally don't fully understand the differences bet "
" : Former Georgia gubernatorial candidate Stacey Abrams recently opened up about a childhood friendship she had with a Vietna"
"Two new provinces in Vietnam  have reported #ASF outbreaks: Quang Tri (in the middle) and Vinh Phuc (in the north "
"Vietnamese rice paper rolls ready...just look at the colours... so pretty #Veganfoodshare #Govegan #Easy2bvegan  "
" The Vietnamese children who continue to suffer the consequences of that napalm (incl. my own godson), say hi."
"Thursday night curry!! it Louise Vietnamese Pork,  pp. Full menu on too.  The Greyhound Inn "
" : Back home after a very inspiring  mission in Vietnam. Staying in the mood with the Vietnamese Pho "
" Saan ang Vietnamese?"
" : Here is the Russian version of My Morning Routine! Excited that it becoming available in more and more languages. Ch"
"#Vietnamese named among world's most influential #climate activists "
"There could be up to 400 investors, mostly Vietnamese in Orange County and San Jose://t.co/KgocBquC"
"What have you got planned for the weekend? If you planning a takeaway why not go #fakeaway instead with our simp "
"Lao Cai Vietnam pineapple  get big season but China no buy like some lady year . Vietnamese farmer  are crying "
"oh my, that's a rare word for vietnamese to be input found this in english literature though"
" : Former Georgia gubernatorial candidate Stacey Abrams recently opened up about a childhood friendship she had with a Vietnames"
"vietnamese chicken soup by mom Until You "
"RAU RAM Cuisine://t.co/WyfKPVZXUg"
"  This is why I mentioned western nation in my original tweet. Tripe of various types is common i "
"Vietnamese chicken soup made by mom Until You.#vietnamesesoup #chickensoup #soup #x #homefoodmap "
" I remember at school in Brisbane being introduced to newly arrived Vietnamese kids. The senior mis "
" Wow. So, release all the murderers, who do you prosecute for the murder then? The ag danced with the vietnamese ag as well ke?"
" : Great boat trip today through Vietnamese bird sanctuary, an excursion option from Silver Spirit  #mekong "
" : Kim Jong Nam murder trial: Result of Vietnamese woman's second appeal expected next week "
"Back home after a very inspiring  mission in Vietnam. Staying in the mood with the Vietnamese Pho "
"T.G.I.M thankgoditsmondaydesign - Can time! Official cans ready for omnibev Vietnamese Cold Brew Coffees "
"well vietnamese written"
"Italian cuisine promoted to Vietnamese people: The information was released at a press "
"T.G.I.M  - Can time! Official cans ready for  Vietnamese Cold Brew Coffees "
"today MEPs call on  to urge Thai authorities to provide immediate answers over disappearance of Vietnam "
"Four Vietnamese Americans arrested for growing "
" :  How about Korean nationalism, Chinese nationalism, Indian nationalism, Vietnamese nationalism, Philippino natio"
" half-#Vietnamese hapas out there like myself, register for a at-home free swab kit here to be a possible bone mar "
" "
"Pho V Express establishes itself on Avenue Road. "
"#BREAKING: #Vietnam makes record 9.1tonne seizure of #ivory at Da Nang Tien Sa port, which came from #Congo. News "
"I'm over with Thailand, Take me to Indonesia.                                 Sincerely,                                 Little Vietnamese"
"IFC credit package boosts SCF for Vietnamese SMEs "
" : i haven learned much vietnamese since i got here but i learned the word for cat is  and yes it sounds a lot like"
"Grilled Pork with Vermicelli  is Vietnamese breakfast #vietnamesefood #foodporn #foodie #foodphotography "
" How about Vietnamese .... Ban b b b  is a meaningful sentence (each is a completely different word)"
"My PhD student Anne Nguyen and I presented on the various uses of the Vietnamese excessive morpheme qu at a really "
"  Yeah I'll be planting basil soon. I saw plants at the home center. I wonder if the store "
" : 10apr #Hanoi A guide to Annamese customs and institutions by Henri Souvignet "
"i haven learned much vietnamese since i got here but i learned the word for cat is  and yes it sounds a lot "
" Sharing Your Opinion in Vietnamese! : Learn Vietnamese with the best FREE online resources, just click here: "
" I miss the mornings where I come back from my run and you give me updates on the Vietnamese tennis match that you bet on "
"10apr #Hanoi A guide to Annamese customs and institutions by Henri Souvignet "
"They're all bloody men. One of them is half-Vietnamese but apart from that they're all white. "
" : I remember seeing Miss Saigon in middle school &amp; thinking wtf can imagine how awful it must be to have to sit thro"
"Must touched them chopsticks and acrylic nails this morning.... how u say good morning in Chinese? Or Vietnamese and black?"
"Just had a Vietnamese massage that makes Thai massages seem relaxing "
" : THIS is the John McCain I KNEW! Lying, duplicitous, evil, gun running, money laundering, no morals, no ethics &amp; a lous"
"Yesterday I learned how to say  fucker in Vietnamese so we can say I had a pretty great day."
"Here is the Russian version of My Morning Routine! Excited that it becoming available in more and more languages. "
" vietnamese sugar daddy who? jiyong the only one :("
" :  T, Vietnamese god of the kitchen, is often depicted as not wearing trousers - he in such a hurry to inspect how cle"
"There are many ways to earn passive money on CoinHe. View details and join now to earn your passive money in Vietnamese #CoinHe #Bounty."
"Check out Trung Nguyen Legend Red 500g Vietnamese House Blend Coffee - The No 1 Coffee  "
" :  It was a Vietnamese soldier's hat.  Jihoon wore it to look great.  There is also a traditional Vietnamese"
"  It was a Vietnamese soldier's hat.  Jihoon wore it to look great.  There is also a traditio "
" It was a Vietnamese soldier's hat.  Jihoon wore it to look great.  There is also a traditional Vietna "
"did u know that you can beat the ice gym in vietnamese crystal without it freezing? it actually freezes when the op "
"  May I say: nice Vietnamese traditional long dress ;)"
" T, Vietnamese god of the kitchen, is often depicted as not wearing trousers - he in such a hurry to inspect "
"Tonight at 6pm we have not one, not two, but THREE new beers launching in both bottles and draft!  Order Mart "
" : It was a Vietnamese soldier's hat.  Jihoon wore it to look great.  There is also a traditional Vietnamese hat.  So cute."
"  In Massachussetts used to be if you wanted to take the manicurist exam, you had to r "
"Thank you to the #Brampton Vietnamese community for their support and endorsement of my mayoral campaign! Together "
"   Indonesians, Vietnamese &amp; Indians are also diligent &amp; hardworking. Most of "
"It was a Vietnamese soldier's hat.  Jihoon wore it to look great.  There is also a traditional Vietnamese hat.  So "
"V sao Tr Qu l m trong 10 ch ' b nh th gi'? "
"North Korea expects to welcome 3,000 Vietnamese visitors in 2019: The Hanoitimes  North "
"Located on the south bank of the Perfume River in the former Vietnamese imperial capital Hue, #LaResidence is a hot "
"Linda Asiatica cojida en su habitacion ://t.co/AwH60I4Qrc #tocanti  #british #asian #vietnamese"
"  I also never saw any stray dogs, on any street, in any Vietnamese city.  Checks out.  Dou "
"The famed monk violates the sangha's constitution &amp; damage the reputation of the org. &amp; of monks "
"  AZI    het water ook bij jou in de mond bij het zien van deze verrukkelijke Vietnamese baguette van B "
"Je collecte des fonds pour Vietnamese orphans. Cliquez pour faire un don:  "
"  LAK Vietnamese Restaurant "
"   "
" A Vietnamese woman wearing a face mask rides along a street amidst a blanket of smog over Hanoi; #AFP  "
" Work commitments stop you using a phone to book a table, where you working? In a Vietnamese sweat shop !"
" Ch, b kh kh? c  b 4 the follow bout all I Know of Vietnamese."
"Keyword Specialist (Vietnamese Speaking), Dublin - "
"  next time you visit, I will take ya to a good Vietnamese restaurant"
"i want to eat Vietnamese spring rolls :-("
"Make Vietnamese coffee fail part 1000000 "
"special mention sila chiz, ace, mike, yung bitchesang teacher na sinabing pumunta pala si maam savie dito? sampali "
"Today at 6pm we're launching 3 beers:-Mail Order Martian, a 7% DDH IPA with oats-Pulp Patriot, a 9.5 Raspberry M "
"time to squeeze 6+ years worth of vietnamese history into a single week we going"
" Ahhhh I wish the Vietnamese one was used a tiny bit differently~ This one uses suflix that sounds a bit to "
" In the name of Vietnamese Jesus "
" : A beautiful note left from the  Vietnamese Community Language  School class that uses my room for Vietnamese learning eve"
" : S2 Vietnamese Ss take great pride in showcasing their creative presentations about different geographical regions of Viet"
" : Year 6 Vietnamese ss can work independently and as a team to create interesting and informative presentations! "
"Jihoon's wearing palm-leaf conical hat!!! is the symbol of the Vietnamese culture aaaaaa ah, V-MAYs lov "
" teach me vietnamese"
" Coffee without "
"  Vietnamese need to move to Alex.. Exotic endless supply.."
"Tweet translated to Indonesian, Samoan, Haitian Creole, Tongan, Polish, Kiswahili, Persian, Vietnamese, Klingon, Li "
" The Chinese were not a peaceful, lumbering and isolationist empire except for certain periods. Other tha "
"Vietnamese Framework Built to Exclude "
"Now in Asia: Kim Jong Nam murder trial: Result of Vietnamese woman's second appeal expected next week "
"Milo marks 25 years of promoting sports among Vietnamese kids  "
"Fun fact Zander killed 6 people in Vietnam a few years ago. Not in the Vietnamese war. He literally just went to Vi "
"Kim Jong Nam murder trial: Result of Vietnamese woman's second appeal expected next week "
"Tweet translated to Chinese Traditional, German, Slovenian, Persian, Vietnamese, Spanish, Croatian, Hebrew, Norwegi "
"Cyrus Vadani shared a photo. hrs   Casa CV shared a photo. hr   Tchoumitcheva : Without commen "
"Indulge in the authentic Vietnamese tastes with these 5 unique menus from Je T'aime Vietnamese Restaurant!  "
"#Vietnam marks the 40th anniversary since it defeated #China that occurred between February 17 to March 16, 1979. T "
" : Shaking a mountain is easy, shaking the PLA is easier. Vietnamese female militia quite easily shook the PLA in 1979."
" : Why are Vietnamese authorities so wary of Hmong Christianity? "
"Vietnamese Curry Squash VG Rice salad#curry #bristol #lunch #vegan"
"ttf-hannom 2005-5 (any/Community)Chinese and Vietnamese TrueType fonts&lt;2019-03-28&gt;"
" Totally reasonable. A director who wants to make movies on, say, Vietnamese themes should use Viet "
"  1. I try to do new things whenever possible. Over the last few months, it's been taking courses "
"(Guidance: Notice of rights and entitlements: Vietnamese) - "
"Home  ..  The Vietnamese Restaurant "
" : Arabic, Modern Greek, Turkish and Vietnamese teachers - have you see the new K-10 Languages syllabuses? These are availa"
"60 Vietnamese kinderen verdwenen #spoorloos uit de beschermde opvang in NL. #Mensenhandel? Argos gaat op zoek, zate "
" there are two vietnamese places in mid valley; phovietz and an viet."
"   It also a fact that Norwegians are on average taller than Vietnamese- but ho "
"My instagram is . 's all about drawing and write in Vietnamese#instagram"
"Quang Ninh most competitive Vietnamese province in successive years "
"   Same reason the Vietnamese beat you in the 70s. And why you can hold Bagh "
" I have Mexican at #1. Vietnamese would be 2, 3 or 4, depending on the say. Hard to say!"
"Important victory for indigenous communities in #Cambodia after government announces return of spiritually signific "
" As for conservation, again I cringe a little bit when foreign-based publications lament old buildings be "
"People are lining up around the block for Vietnamese hot and sour roasted soy bean bread! #foodgasm"
" Tja. Mit gen Lehrern ist es wirklich wurscht, ob da noch ein Syrer, Russe, Vietnamese mit drin hockt."
" I think u look Vietnamese! People often forget that Vietnamese people are dark skinned too!"
" : NOH DUBLIN  armed with machete sets fire to apartment complex in Priorswood and shortly after two cars in Clarehall."
"3 NEW BEERS LAUNCHING TONIGHT!! / Oo this is going to be good!!  TON TRUCK VIETNAMESE COFFEE  / 10.2% "
"I remember exactly where I was 78...48  n 8 all start break...50 n 10...I was at my crazy Vietnamese friends house "
"je tuerais pour un iced vietnamese coffee l"
"Why are Vietnamese authorities so wary of Hmong Christianity? "
"#NSTworld: Doan Thi Huong is accused of murdering #KimJongNam with nerve agent VX at Kuala Lumpur airport in 2017, "
"Y I a fool, I went back to one of a Vietnamese group I was following, and I really started to notice one of t "
"Taiwan arrests Vietnamese woman for abandoning newborn baby girl "
"Vietnamese man accused of stabbing compatriot in Japan "
"UK jails Romanian man for trafficking 21 Vietnamese in refrigerated truck "
"What w all these gangsta Vietnamese niggas from Philly in my inbox lmfao  NO THANK YOU"
"Japanese take to Vietnamese coffee "
"Vietnamese food  "
"IFC routes $100 million to Vietnamese SMEs through local bank "
"Milo marks 25 years of promoting sports among Vietnamese kids "
"For children of foreigner and Vietnamese born in Vietnam, the procedure to apply for birth certificate in Vietnam i "
"  Great to hear Clare  ... however I still on my own Vietnamese jaunt so can help! "
" : pada senja yang singkat rasaku lekat, manisnya gula, pada pahitnya kopi. tiap tetes vietnamese drip yang kau kata "
" : Buku means suck dick in Vietnamese there I said it"
" : Among Asian-Americans, the average age of death from heart disease was younger among the Indian subgroup. They lost ~17 yea"
"Weekend plans: new Vietnamese restaurant to try! #HongKong "
" Vietnamese translation available"
"Customer:  you guys have (Thai dish I can remember the name)?:  we don sorry:  haven be "
"Russian Chinese Arabic Hindi Vietnamese, ,         .=.. "
" : Th lo s huynh ki g  #MoDaoZuShi # # # # reup this ver with permission of the artist for Vietna"
"Kenyan premier league I was at yesterday. Let me down. Shit league. Fond of the Vietnamese game though "
"Spicy Vietnamese King Prawn Pho, follow this recipe here... #Food #Foodies #foodtravelchat "
"I been interesting in Nepalese  and Vietnamese language recently. I was learned to some words in Vietnamese from my student today."
"Thursday Special looking : Vietnamese Black Pepper &amp; Lime Stir-Fry ... try this stir-fry with chicken, beef or pr "
" Ohhhh that looks delicious!'ve always loved Vietnamese cooking"
" Ethnically I'm Vietnamese, you get very similar umami flavours with claypot cooking "
" Just hope that they dont start speaking Vietnamese"
" I read that  with a Vietnamese accent."
"17 - Ang Memorya ay dapat ipagdiriwang pagkatapos ng paglubog ng araw at bago sumikat ang araw (Exodo 34:25):  "
"   17 - Ang Memorya ay dapat ipagdiriwang pagkatapos ng paglubog ng araw at bago sumikat ang araw (Exodo "
" LOLLL actually my family is the same!! we speak in cantonese also but my parents know vietnamese, manda "
"Great boat trip today through Vietnamese bird sanctuary, an excursion option from Silver Spirit  #mekong "
"Playground 4 #bears  a rescue center in #Vietnam. Enriched habitats allow bears to relearn foraging after yrs in c "
"Surprisingly and actually, the Vietnamese civilization is as sophisticated as that of the sleeping dragon up there. "
"C an Vi Nam th v nh ho  Nguy Quang H Nh v b  tr xu "
"B tr   c v Tr Xu Thanh v Th t Vi Nam "
" : thanks to all (and lots of hidden presences) who help me and   to make this Vietnamese issue present[able]. &amp; th"
"xem verb meaning watch in Vietnamese #Vietnamese #watch"
"I am a cinephile and I love watching film in its truest form. Just this year alone in 2019 I went to the theater to "
" Hello, in Vietnamese Vui l kh  t l v mang  n kh."
"UK jails Romanian man for trafficking Vietnamese citizens in refrigerated truck "
"One for the weekend. Recipe: Vietnamese braised beef with lemongrass &amp; star anise "
" : Our fresh and tasty Vietnamese Cooking Class headed by The Food Affectionist! now for our April Class to avoid disa"
" Foreign Workers in Japan under Technical Trainee Program, source: Japan Ministry of Justice, 174 trainees mos "
"I honestly don't get this ethnicity thing like this one dude says he's got four ethnicity um wow does that ma "
"Th  bu t r  lai rai #shinspears #saigon #saigonese #vietnam #vietnamese #hochiminh #australia "
" : Hello, I want to share the cover of Nh Thuy first book of essays UN , with translation by Nguy-Ho Quy, Kai"
"We are inviting all Vietnamese school teachers working in public schools interested in collaboration with us to con "
"Since 2018, China Live Channel has cooperated with Indonesian, Malay, Philippine, Thai and Vietnamese companies by "
"firefox-i18n-vi 66.0.2-1 (any/Extra)Vietnamese language pack for Firefox&lt;2019-03-28&gt;"
" You should definitely get a Vietnamese drip coffee thingy, and add condense milk to the bottom of y "
" But i went to grade school with Vietnamese boys and girls and this helps me understand why"
"# : Ever wanted to try chocolate that tastes like soy sauce, tobacco or Vietnamese pho? Now's your chance "
" Msia only need 2 realise our many of our hawker foods 2day r local-owned, but prepared, cooked &amp; served by "
"A spicy bowl of pho yesterday lunch.  a bargain lunch menu at Pho &amp; Bun on Shaftesbury Avenue - just over  for "
"One of the idiot teachers I used to work with brazenly violated Vietnamese law and posted it on Instagram. I hope he is arrested "
"i had it last year with my extended family at a vietnamese restaurant. i had no idea that sweet potato and coconut "
"  Ez frags coming to the vietnamese master's way."
" I am learning Korean so I can know what you guys say so if your videos don't have VietNamese them I can "
"Happy with how my first typeface turns out!:). Eleva - a serif feminine typeface which is inspired by Ao Dai, a Vie "
"Way way too low &gt; Vietnamese Ranks 13th Among World's Most Favorite Cuisines. (IMO Better than Turkish, Spanish, A "
"Why why &amp; why do I have an intolerance to Vietnamese coffee "
" :  Would u honestly tell ur #eb5 Vietnamese clients that they have to wait at least 5-8 years because of the visa bac"
"  Bummer  Now the Vietnamese lady that does my eyebrows won call me the  Captain "
" One of my favorite herbs out there. If these people hate it, then they must hate most Asian dishes seeing th "
" :  #Brexit has become a test of moral fibre. Contrast a political elite with the late Senator McCain whose teeth wer"
". Vraagt aandacht voor mogelijke misstanden bij goedkope nagelsalons waarbij bv. Vietnamese vrouwen die "
" : Nguyen, the most common Vietnamese surname, is the 9th most common surname in the Czech Republic/Czechia.://t.co/N03u7"
"NOH DUBLIN I say bullshit to that Vietnamese boat refugee replies to charges of arson, criminal damage, produci "
"   He knows that Vietnamese people prefer cars to electric bikes (car own "
"C an Vi Nam th v nh ho  Nguy Quang H Nh v b  tr xu ho  nh quy Nguy "
"BBC News Ti Vi - Facebook s ch ch ngh d t tr v k th ch t "
" : Ever wanted to try chocolate that tastes like soy sauce, tobacco or Vietnamese pho? Now's your chance "
" : Nguyen: Xin ch! Catch #MyStupidBoss2 in theaters near you.. Xem  nh!  falconpictures_ #vietnamese. sastragozalis"
"Me: *wakes up in a cold sweat* what if the reason I dont remember my dream brother's name is because he was older t "
"Vietnamese Lemon Masala Fusilli "
" :  Say HELLO in Vietnamese like a native! Learn here: "
"Have you ever tried Vietnamese hair? come to Laylahair to get the best experience with real human hair "
" Yeah i feel like most people get it right, but not a huge majority irl have guessed me to be vietnamese? "
"Cambodian indigenous communities win back their sacred land from Vietnamese rubber developer "
"She learned multiple foreign language includes Vietnamese and spoke them fluently as personal hobbies. She wasn't a "
" Hi, saw your language support. how do I train this for Vietnamese? Email me hello.co"
" Haha truuu filipinas are soooo pretty but so are vietnamese girls "
"Vietnamese Grandmaster L Quang Li shone at the Sharjah Masters International Chess Championship in UAE on Sunday "
"WHERE CAN YOU GET BEST SERVICE 24/7  Hello with #mcsarahair from #mcsarahairgrace ensure to supply you th "
" My primary annoyance with colonial romanticism is that it manages to underestimate the numerous, specifi "
"    You keep calling it Racist but if that was the case-I be accusing all Ch "
" It about a pair of Vietnamese refugees who escaped during the Fall of Saigon and came to America."
"Ever wanted to try chocolate that tastes like soy sauce, tobacco or Vietnamese pho? Now's your chance "
" : hello! this is a pics account for z-girls vietnamese member, queen! please rt to spread the word!  "
" Vietnamese then Mexican "
" : Smuggled eight children and two adults into Hull docks.  driver caught with eight terrified children locked in trai"
"Vietnamese Environmentalist Kidnapped, Questioned for Her Activism://t.co/rKBVqn5XRO"
"Ever wanted to try chocolate that tastes like soy sauce, tobacco or Vietnamese pho? Now's your chance "
"Ever wanted to try chocolate that tastes like soy sauce, tobacco or Vietnamese pho? Now's your chance "
"Ever wanted to try chocolate that tastes like soy sauce, tobacco or Vietnamese pho? Now's your chance "
" Vietnamese it so bom"
" : Ever wanted to try chocolate that tastes like soy sauce, tobacco or Vietnamese pho? Now's your chance "
"    Thank you Nino.. yes.. i need a coffee now.. at Vietnam coffee a "
"Vietnamese beauty porcelain house shoots a big movie, beautiful people://t.co/uvALHTmQpA via "
"Ever wanted to try chocolate that tastes like soy sauce, tobacco or Vietnamese pho? Now's your chance #Business"
"Ever wanted to try chocolate that tastes like soy sauce, tobacco or Vietnamese pho? Now's your chance "
"Ever wanted to try chocolate that tastes like soy sauce, tobacco or Vietnamese pho? Now's your chance "
"Talking to a Chinese friend to translate to Vietnamese that I not dancing with you any more.  jammed my fing "
"Vietnamese iced coffee, great taste. "
"[Vietnamese below] A fantastic product of VMLY&amp;R is already published: WARRIOR TVC. This is a result of hard work, "
"De Masterclass Madeira was geslaagd! Verrassing van de avond was de foodpairing van Justino Boal met Vietnamese var "
"Our talented Australian and Vietnamese chefs will treat beloved customers to high quality seafood with an extremely "
"  I really interested to hear how our Vietnamese colleagues partner with industry to enhance student learning"
"i just had a really nice pho....first Vietnamese meal in a year "
"Belady Hair Company Vietnam provides 100% unprocessed human hair from Vietnamese and Cambodian virgin human hair. "
"Nguyen, the most common Vietnamese surname, is the 9th most common surname in the Czech Republic/Czechia.://t.co/N03u7HaDMA"
"Bilingual IT / Technical Support (Korean, Mandarin, Vietnamese) in Makati, Philippines: mandarin "
" This Vietnamese has only 1 issue and that is SCS. That document is only principles &amp; makes no ment "
"Vietnamese national, Hanoi FC's midfielder Do Hung Dung with a beauty in training. He is right-footed btw!  "
"One Moment In Time - Dana Winner (live) - English-Vietnamese lyrics "
" Nope, I lied. She Vietnamese"
" Yeah I saw her IG handle and thought she was Japanese and didn even know she full white until you po "
"Five Corners: Saturday Special, Mar 30 2019  Five Corners Vietnamese Restaurant, #Food_&amp;_Drink"
"#Vietnam's #startup economy is expected to be valued at $33 billion by 2025. Find out why MHV Partner, "
" : Taking on Typhoid with the friendky Vietnamese dragons. #TakeOnTyphoid "
"Ever wanted to try chocolate that tastes like soy sauce, tobacco or Vietnamese pho? Now's your chance "
"Vietnamese salad and coffee for lunch/dinner  it's  AF #Melbourne #Foodie #MelbourneEscort #LifeOntheRoad "
"Mai Tiny and I mean Tiny Vietnamese lady with a toy twat!  Scrub you up... 0417 340 705 "
" On M*A*S*H, when the dying, elderly vietnamese ex-calvary soldier returns Col Potter's horse to him, in h "
" I'm Vietnam. Chanyeol sing Vietnamese very well!!!!!!"
" : vietnamese ver. .peachhmoon "
"   Most of our Buddhists are Vietnamese refugees from the Vietnamese war. As "
"payts ka maka uban ang mga vietnamese bay HAHAH"
"Business For Sale: Restaurant $35,000 Per Week, 5 Days Only more details contact Michael Medawar 0413 454 100 "
"#Vietnamese and #Thai authorities must come clean about journalist #disappearance "
"Mom: *helps me*: *says thank you in vietnamese:: ...: . . . : YOU CAN SAY THANK YOU IN VIETNAMESE????"
" :  Vietnamese deez nuts niggehh"
" Vietnamese deez nuts niggehh"
"    I happen to like this particular war of conquest isn't much "
"Proud to present another Vietnamese Freedom Flag this week, this time to Inala SS in recognition of our local multi "
"Taking on Typhoid with the friendky Vietnamese dragons. #TakeOnTyphoid "
"I THINK HE IS GOOD AND I AM GLAD THEY ARE CASTING A VIETNAMESE MAN BUT IT IS A SHAME THAT FRANK HERBE'S DESCRIPTI "
"'Nguy Thi Khanh, founder and director of Green Innovation and Development Center (GreenID), has become the first Vi "
" : I taught Robert and Jake how to say  love you in Vietnamese and they said it to Toan Toan told them it means *ck you and"
"Meet #author Eric H. Roth   his #Amazon page "
"  bruh HES VIETNAMESE"
" #Brexit has become a test of moral fibre. Contrast a political elite with the late Senator McCain whose teeth "
"Dear Anon        Why you know she is Vietnamese? Omg   "
" Try Uncle Man's or Selera in Newmarket. I feel Auckland excels more at other cuisines though! Eg it's hard "
"#tbt - Super early Wooden Spoon days! We've always kicked out whimsical, inventive, unconventional yet consistently "
" Either Vietnamese or Chinese; the spicier, the better! Also, can deny a good fried sushi roll."
" : about me: - Sagittarian Slytherin- half Vietnamese- pansexual- ambidextrous (writes w left)- love for bts, peach"
" : I rarely tweet about food, but this was stellar and fresh. It Moi Vietnamese Grill in Pflugerville. Those are zucchini n"
"(3) TREASON: The True Legacy Of John McCain - YouTube://t.co/W5be4vNnLy  McCain made several propaganda "
" Hi Katty!  want to see you in my life &lt;3  to meet you, I'm from Vietnamese &lt;3  you want to don "
" : A huge, if incomplete, victory for the #indigenous communities in #Cambodia whose territory has been swallowed by #rubber co"
"Ban East Asians from telling me I'm goodlooking for a Vietnamese person 2K5Ever."
"Vietnamese chess players still unbeaten at Sharjah "
"Four, it was in 2011 (external link) that the Vietnamese government first formally sought the Brahmos supersonic an "
"KNOCK A HOLE ME VIETNAMESE STYLE, FOOL, STYLE, IS BUT DID YOU FELONY YOU FIENDING MARVELOUS GAG 'TIL"
"At this point the word  means  in Vietnamese...Google it  wrong.."
" :           "
"me: coffee::  coffee: please don you literally have anxiety this only makes it wors-  "
"  The bombs were dropped by the US during the vietnam war to disable trade routes for the Vietna "
" We are fighting Guerrilla warfare with an enemy that doesn't wear a uniform. Muslims are like the Vi "
"A new partnership between a Swiss blockchain firm and a Vietnamese company purports to create the first regulated c "
"im not really ethnically vietnamese but i speak the language and hangout with the viet community around me. find it "
"         "
""
"I remember seeing Miss Saigon in middle school &amp; thinking wtf can imagine how awful it must be to have to sit t "
" Idk Vietnamese but I pretty sure this is calling me one hot ass bitch  ty cristal"
" I remembered I was in a Vietnamese restaurant once and they were playing cultural music on YouTube on "
"i was today years old when i found out tyga is half vietnamese"
"Vietnamese food diet. "
"Vietnamese noodle products are going through all instant noodle products.[2]"
"Vietnamese food diet "
"Milo marks 25 years of promoting sports among Vietnamese kids - VnExpress International - "
"  Regarding Vietnamese food, I swoon for Banh Xeo which Phuong Trang is the master of in S "
"I taught Robert and Jake how to say  love you in Vietnamese and they said it to Toan Toan told them it means  "
"dear dad, only known you 4 years of my life before you passed away...i wish you lived though. i would know vie "
"Vietnamese movie The Third Spouse wins one other worldwide prize - TIC VIETNAM - "
"Banana farm week 3: 6lbs down. The work is shite but ya gal is losing that Vietnamese beer weight"
"The in-flight meal was expected to be Vietnamese cuisine, but it wasn't. I was a little anxious because the sheet w "
"People think I mixed, or I don look Vietnamese. I mean wtf why tf not. "
"2020: udah ada rencana liburan, Singapore Air Show, Tokyo Olympic, Vietnamese F1 GP  be lyke: "
"Celebrate the great victory of the Vietnamese people in their struggle against America! "
" : Official #DACC Telegram Communities "
" OMG I'm Vietnamese !!!!!"
"Facebook s ch ch ngh d t tr v k th ch t "
" Especially after China murdered and aborted its female babies to the point that China is shoer 40 milli "
"A huge, if incomplete, victory for the #indigenous communities in #Cambodia whose territory has been swallowed by "
"Vietnamese Bodywave | We are the home of the SILKY MILKY bundles! Shop Exclusively at "
" Miss Saigon, Vietnam is a place not worth saving, and America is a holy grail worth killing and dying for it "
"'Hai Phuong' Becomes Highest-Grossing Vietnamese Movie of All Time. "
"Two pictures just because some people might be curious. those wondering my race, I'm half Asian (South Vietnam "
" : If you spport #Trump deporting Vietnamese refugees, and you like bahn mi, or pho, etc etc; ima slap that ish out your xen"
" I picked up Chinese also!  was good.  i dont have to many Japanese places by me but there is "
"16 Wonderful Benefits Of Aloe Vera Juice#organicskincare #organic #organicfood #organicfarming #freshfood "
" Vietnamese and Filipino weeaboos"
" hello, sorry for bothering you. Your art is so cute and I was attracted at first sight &gt; &lt;Can I translate "
"My work roster tonight includes: Vietnamese R&amp;B (Dan Nguyen), Turkish love ballads (Yal), Bulgarian folk-rock (St "
"Thank you SO MUCH to everyone who stopped by tonight's stream! We opened more Stream Gifts, played some Sekiro for "
"  I knew a guy who was genetically pure Vietnamese but he had lived all his life in Italy and "
"Vietnamese roll. "
" : Think you know where to get the best Chinese, Thai or Vietnamese food? See if your favourite restaurants have made our list. http"
"A wizard with weapons, a secret mission we about to begin it funded, behind enemy lines bullets is spray "
"There is an ongoing discussion now amongst Vietnamese architects etc about preserving the legacy of the French colo "
"The space I live in here doesn communicate like that. But my slice of Vietnam is only once slice, and I definitel "
"I been trying to check myself too. When I see the  it Vietnamese police putting out, liking and ing sweary "
" Cant understand that. Never saw East Indian restaurant with their flag at the front. Or Hungarian or Vie "
"Special Guest Chef  joined  In the #LumpiaLab for a special Vietnamese &amp; Filipino #Lumpia "
"*polishing my Vietnamese text entry skills* [don't ask]"
" YES I DID HHHHHHH (i learned later what it meant bc i do not speak vietnamese))"
"Screening: No Vietnamese Ever Called Me N****r "
"Nguyen: Xin ch! Catch #MyStupidBoss2 in theaters near you.. Xem  nh!  falconpictures_ #vietnamese. sastr "
"That didn work out for me at first. 17 years later my lack of cooking has clued my husband in (finally). He makes "
" If you want to try some Asian places, there are actually some good Korean and Taiwanese places in "
"Why are Vietnamese authorities so wary of Hmong Christianity? "
"  its 2019 give us a different vietnamese flag emoji u cowards"
" : Stoked to see Vietnamese Food Any Day among the spring picks ! Moreover, that Andy Baraghani likes it.  https://"
" BBQ def shines here. It's Texas so beef brisket is outstanding. Pecan Lodge, Lockhart's, and Hutch "
"I rarely tweet about food, but this was stellar and fresh. It Moi Vietnamese Grill in Pflugerville. Those are zuc "
" That not the only country not on the Western Hemisphere, not saying you have to move to Cambodia, which "
" this one is all  work.. a collection of her essays on poets from the margins of Vietnamese "
"Are you part Vietnamese and part Caucasian? bone marrow may be able to save this child's life. (Please SHARE!)://t.co/X9H2W56STP"
"18) Mandarin or Vietnamese"
" A vietnamese app called Simlife is stealing your content even the sound effects"
" How about Korean nationalism, Chinese nationalism, Indian nationalism, Vietnamese nationalism, Philip "
"Falling in love with Banh mi - Vietnamese bread.Banh mi  -  "
"Vietnamese food is never a good decision"
"Like I guess I happy with my Vietnamese n Spanish n white friends but imagine having a close clique of pakis plzz "
" : If  can allow a Vietnamese character to become a world renowned country singer in universe, we can allow a "
" I agree, I love watching film in its truest form. So far in 2019 I went to the theater to see Cold War(Po "
"#IFC credit package boosts lending to Vietnamese SMEs #OCB#Infoblaze #SoutheastAsia "
"when I was younger I absolutely hated what I looked like, I hated being asian. I didn want to speak Vietnamese no "
""
"    Tell that to the Vietnamese"
" : VTN Architects design island getaway in Vietnamese archipelago #mustseearchitecture://t.co/Y5nf2700uI "
"We are looking for freelance translators. English or Japanese &gt; Spanish, Italian, Portuguese, French, Thai, Vietnam "
"No #RoseTico to be seen. If this is the case I am truly saddened. Especially if her death is used as a plot device. "
"Chuy m c ty Trung Qu b tr c t s tr tu "
"Mixcloud has the worst time figuring out what to play after the set you're listening to. Literally just play what's "
"2017 news at vietnam The Toasts  A Vietnamese Wedding Reception Mississauga Toronto Best "
"        "
"got chicken and rice (vietnamese ofc) i gonna go home and watch the boyz and find another shinee show ^D^"
"Vietnamese will be proud of this cuz #Bcnex can be the first licensed #cryptocurrency exchange in Vietnam! $BCNX "
" A Vietnamese man fixes bicycle wheels at his workshop at a back-alley in Hanoi   #AFP "
"Vietnamese Girls Try American BBQ in Vietnam! (They put FISH SAUCE on it... "
" Thanks very much  to you people are very hospitable"
" Tho is bunny in Vietnamese."
"Liked on YouTube: VIETNAMESE FOOD #221 | Cooking BUN CHA OBAMA "
" also don compare vietnamese food to korean this tweet is not valid"
"Headed to Dong Ky Vietnamese Restaurant in  Side Chinatown / Uptown for some Spring Rolls and Beef Bun.  Do "
" : The #Vietnamese rubber industry enjoyed robust growth in exports but experienced a fall in export prices in the first two mo"
" Vietnamese &amp; Lao food are my favorite genres &amp; I know it's used a lot, so I'm still warming up to it a "
"Vlog #4 | Vietnamese food and Dough oyster in Taiwan "
"B  kh th  y trong v tr c m l th   v George Soros th c ng ra ngo   "
"Ann Coulter said white are done hey idiot white men are going for Asian women now white women are out Philippine la "
" 1. I upset I didn get to see you and  while you guys were in bama! 2. Kev you and Doboy ha "
" tin RFA t 27.03.2019 | Ph 10 tri  v  tin sai v d t l://t.co/K8Uoxz1i5x Ti "
"C an Vi Nam th v nh ho  Nguy Quang H Nh v b  tr xu-03-27 "
" HOW MANY VIETNAMESE PEOPPE ARE AS LIGHT AS YOU EXCLUDING OUR OTHER FRIEND WHO EXCRETES VIETNAMESE PRIDE LMAO"
"Don't get me started on pain control. Once rounded on a little old Vietnamese lady who had major surgery. They were "
" I had a Vietnamese friend that worked at a Asian supermarket, with Chinese and Vietnamese immigrants "
"someone really just asked me if i was asian or Vietnamese..."
"B tr   c v Tr Xu Thanh v Th t Vi Nam-03-27://t.co/rrKCeW5tud "
" V H   Em  t n c  tuy Vi Nam   D  bi   ...  Van Hau I am the youngest talent "
"If any Vietnamese girls want to be my friend pls tell me"
" : #UsMovie the daughter shirt says  which is rabbit in Vietnamese"
"Quan ng v ch l T  C Linh  H  tr ng v h th m-03-26 "
"Very glad to see the Japanese Coffee community interested in our produces. Hoping to see my country reach further i "
"B Kinh c   m r  h ch quy b ngo  l b  Bi -03-27 "
"Qu s ph c Quang H 19 tr chung k VI NAM Uzbekistan 2018  H...  kick of Quang Hai 19 Vietnamese f "
"  Oh boy here we go as a displaced state side Vietnamese European &amp; Polynesian Indigenou "
" N ph 10 tri   v ng b cho  tin sai v d t l-03-27://t.co/3AzfpwXZgT "
"#UsMovie the daughter shirt says  which is rabbit in Vietnamese"
"Ch ph mu l s Lu    sau n 2020-03-27://t.co/Lgoa8vSoWl "
" Pho, was it some sort of a Vietnamese food? Oh, was it about a man (Brad Pitt) who was born as a old bab "
"Ch s Cao   l l b c an m l vi-03-27://t.co/o9RGxd9Hv0 "
"C s  Loan b gi m b m Vi b r con-03-27://t.co/fQfQNEBXVs "
" : Nga ch ti, s  hay ch th  gi Venezuela? "
" : Spring is finally here! Celebrate with Shrimp &amp; Veggie Spring Rolls with Vietnamese Dipping Sauce. Not only is it deli"
" STL has good food for real, like I miss living somewhere with abundant and good Vietnamese food?? But the pizza"
"Nga ch ti, s  hay ch th  gi Venezuela? "
"i want vietnamese food rite nau"
"Diaspora: Vietnamese Syncretism Becomes ..."
"Check out this submission opportunity from [PANK] "
" It's definitely still bad, but added disrespecting Vietnamese grandmas"
"The Vietnamese corporate dong-denominated market is the smallest of ASEAN six corporate bond markets. But the tin "
" Your long lost Vietnamese sis"
"The #Vietnamese rubber industry enjoyed robust growth in exports but experienced a fall in export prices in the fir "
"Vietnamese people have mastered the art of complaining"
" Yeah I definitely see vietnamese"
" I wasn't expecting to enjoy it XD But the disrespect to the Vietnamese grandma is out of control."
"Nh v   xem: "
" : Gi l ph M gi thi d lu t quan h v  Loan "
"VIETNAMESE FOOD #221 | Cooking BUN CHA OBAMA "
" :          "
"Devin Booker in Vietnamese literally translates to "
" You Silly woman, an uniform and killing few miserable Vietnamese kids and old folks is not braver "
" on : VIETNAMESE FOOD #221 | Cooking BUN CHA OBAMA "
" Super Saigon! Their iced viet coffee taste good. I love their coffee there &amp; will go there everytim "
"G CHE T N - Vietnamese food "
"   Way to completely dismiss the efforts of hundreds of thousands of Vietname "
"Tonight, Let's eat Vietnamese Pho Bo(). The essence of pho is a beefy consomm flavored with charred onions and "
" | Article [AMP] | Reuters "
"March 28th is the feast of Blessed Jean-Baptiste Malo: French Catholic priest, missionary to Indochina, and martyr "
"Naadik na ko sa Vietnamese Cuisine#alterAngeles "
" Why is the bush speaking Vietnamese???????"
"Stacey Abrams recently opened up about a childhood friendship she had with a Vietnamese refugee and how the experie "
"... "
"About to take on the ELITE FOUR in our Pokemon Vietnamese Crystal Nuzlocke! hang out:://t.co/d9W8TBckfy"
"#Bcnex will be the first licensed exchange in Vietnam, it is a good new for Vietnamese traders $BCNX $BNB $HT "
"        "
"Gi l ph M gi thi d lu t quan h v  Loan "
"i want a vietnamese hollow donut :&lt;"
"First of all, your girlfriend is Vietnamese. "
"Northern Vietnam in March. Vietnamese call Hoa G #Vietnam #hanoi #vietnamtour "
"Eat Vietnamese Food In Saigon On A Saigon Food Tour - #food #travel #foodtravel "
" we found from our research is that governments see these children are passing through their countries to get "
"I know I'm late to the game but I finally saw #USMovie this afternoon and there's a lot to chew on but I liked it a "
"i still can say glove in vietnamese, I GET IT WRONG EVERY TIME "
" Clari if u go to eat Vietnamese noodles (pho) you usually find them ;) or google, where there i "
"B b Hu - Vietnamese spicy noodles #bunbohue #b #spicynoodles #vietnamesenoodles #noodles #breakfast "
" I'm shocked about Texas's third being Vietnamese."
"Our vietnamese bus driver can do multiple things at once - speaking with his friend, talking with his wife on the p "
"  Houston is full of hard-working and impressive Venezuelans who are... not well-disposed t "
" Adams had a childhood friendship with a Vietnamese refugee because she was being interviewed by a Viet "
"I work with the funniest people. So this little Vietnamese guy name Sang rich little Johnny dang looking ass guy. H "
"So today.... : *starts conversing with friend silently, add in a few curse words* (2 mins later) : Every "
" : Does serving only Vietnamese sandwiches at a Jewish party make it a Bahn Mitzvah?"
"A friend of mine spilled a carton of Vietnamese soup in her car: it was a terrible pho pas."
"  I know someone who lost their baby fleeing North Vietnamese communists so protests in supp "
"Setting up a film production company under Vietnamese "
"Doan Minh Phuong, a Vietnamese author states that The music is not in the notes, but in the silence between. Betwe "
"My mom is playing traditional Vietnamese music and I scared"
" : Here at council, crucial scoop:  says Hong Phat's the best grocery store for vegetarians in the city. Part of a"
"Cant stop thinking about how bad Jennifer Lawrence's Vietnamese was in X-Men First Class"
" : Vietnamese's fans give away 500 set cards and sticker for Ong Seong Wu fanmeeting at Malaysia and Singapore   mee"
"#Vietnamese man accused of stabbing compatriot in #Japan #VnExpress International -  "
"TransCycle: Malagasy, Estonian, Vietnamese, Indonesian, Kazakh, Igbo, Belarusian, Serbian, Sindhi"
"  Damnnnn foo! Lucky! Is the Vietnamese kitchen closed today? Im about to go say hi"
"I had an amazing couple of days in Ho Chi Minh City! Here I am at a museum of Vietnamese natural medicine in a r "
" : the amount of vietnamese characters in the MCU is crazy"
"Belady Hair Company Vietnam provides 100% unprocessed human hair from Vietnamese and Cambodian virgin human hair. "
"#kopimix Vietnam STOCK  Coffee #kopivietnam ready stock  pemesanan dan price list leng "
"  Based on a Male Vietnamese Pheasant, which have a rich blue and red color scheme. Female "
" Making me hungry. I see if I can find a Vietnamese place around here that serves it!"
"New Mexican cuisine, Vietnamese street food and the best damn fried chicken in town. "
"    You guys may have the best pizza, but we have the best pastrami, Chines "
" Chinese immigration, like the Greek, Vietnamese and Italian immigrants help make this country the wond "
"It a Vietnamese church"
"Winter Melon Soup Recipe available  "
" I might have to try that Vietnamese lemongrass beef though. Sounds good!"
"   He has a pension for life as I'm sure his husband does. What do they ca "
" : . partners with the Vietnamese to promote #trade and the private sector while raising the standard of living. Listen"
"So, thousands of Vietnamese civilians as well as US soldiers died from exposure to that chemical. And even still to "
"Former Georgia gubernatorial candidate Stacey Abrams recently opened up about a childhood friendship she had with a "
"Y... Vietnamese food is SLEPT ON"
"Love a precious person unconditionally. I hope Yuzuru will get better soon  Spring will come again. a Vietna "
"Former Georgia gubernatorial candidate Stacey Abrams recently opened up about a childhood friendship she had with a "
" : Vietnamese thriller #Furie is going to end up being one of the best action films of 2019 many of you sadly aren going"
"Why are Vietnamese authorities so wary of Hmong Christianity?"
"Former Georgia gubernatorial candidate Stacey Abrams recently opened up about a childhood friendship she had with a "
"i have my username when I input for Vietnamese Crystal ;_;"
"please dont hurt my family i swear ill learn vietnamese "
" HHH I might just suck at Vietnamese now that I live here"
" : Land grabs and labour: Vietnamese workers on rubber plantations in southern Laos #eurekamag"
" The first time I saw the helicopter take off and leave all those Vietnamese people behind. Miss Saigon, Raleigh, ~1996 "
"Sodom - Agent Orange (live at Hellfest 2011) song is the story of the fire that doesn't burn! It is the sto "
"Why are Vietnamese authorities so wary of Hmong Christianity?://t.co/VCEmgFMK6i"
"We sat down at the Vietnamese restaurant and before we even settled in, we were asked if we were ready to order. Do "
"Former Georgia gubernatorial candidate Stacey Abrams recently opened up about a childhood friendship she had with a "
"i miss eating vietnamese food &lt;|3"
" Well with the native Americans (just normal people like anyone else) they called them red skins, in the "
"  Yep. California REFUSED half a million Vietnamese who hated communism right after Vietnam War!"
" FOOD tasty sticky rice dishes of Vietnam sticky rice sticky rice pean sticky "
"why is a white woman voicing an asian woman on bojack horseman? this role would have been perfect for ali wong, who "
" : . 's art is rooted in community organizing and storytelling.  of her latest projects brought together peopl"
"Someone cheated w a big 4 caused a war  Vietnamese payback for Taiwanese cheating game bet my socal Serbian "
" Meanwhile, I've been having to talk about Brexit in Vietnamese every day this week, and only then di "
"chateaulemongrass in the kitchen wrist twisting with their stir fried shrimp . the the video review here: "
" A lot of people think I'm filipina because of my skin color. I have the same skin color as you so that "
"A leaner, Meaner Vietnamese Grilled Chicken Salad "
"I don want my old  it very Vietnamese &amp;It bad mix my friend from France parents divorced "
" my girl that does my nails has tried to get her brother to this country  for 8 yrs..he dying at 37 yrs old "
" Need Vietnamese?"
" I'm surprised they ask that. My dad's side usually guesses if someone's filipina and usually get it rig "
" u dont look vietnamese cus u ain't brown like everyone else"
"Having lunch with my new vietnamese friend tomorrow ayee Lol"
"   Every Nguyen settles on some Anglicized pronunciation that works for them. I go "
"THIS is the John McCain I KNEW! Lying, duplicitous, evil, gun running, money laundering, no morals, no ethics &amp; a l "
"But oh, would you like some Mexican? Thai? Vietnamese? Polish? Ethiopian? Indian? Japanese?'S ALL AMAZING."
"I checked in at Phovorite Vietnamese Kitchen on #Yelp "
"   I know they got to make sure that cow is super dead here! The gastr "
"Need to translate in different languages? translate any documents in any languages, #Malaysia #China #Rosie  "
"Smuggled eight children and two adults into Hull docks.  driver caught with eight terrified children locked "
"  The Vietnamese where I live in Texas own a ton of Cajun and Chinese restaurants. They be hustling."
"Vietnamese Company Makes Edible Rice Flour Drinking Straws to Save the Environment "
" HAHA i wonder what i?? Look like????? I always gotten such a mix response and rarely do i get vietnamese"
"Japanese take to Vietnamese coffee "
" i feel like people around my age can tell i vietnamese but my filipina neighbor always asks if i "
"Th khinh nh y,  uy nh y, nh xu hoa, ki nh thu nguy. th dung nh m, nh "
" my mom is an older Vietnamese lady. She wants to read your book. We are having a hard time finding a "
"  Lot's of Vietnamese here.  No Hawaiians. "
" It was a gift.. I think it scented rosewood or something, Vietnamese or Chinese"
"a lot of older asian people i meet always ask if i filipina :0 do i not look vietnamese at all?? i v curious."
" :    Media, the real enemy of the people. caused Americans to reject our Vietn"
" I thinking Vietnamese for lunch today and a bum that looks like a Japanese flag  tomorrow"
" sliccardo: Free help with basic federal tax forms and California Income Tax Returns is available at the library "
"Big facts! : Bruh Pho is FYE. Find me the best Vietnamese restaurant in Houston ASAP lol"
"  Yes. Poke is Hawaiian, but I never seen a shop owned by Hawaiians where I live i "
"Bruh Pho is FYE. Find me the best Vietnamese restaurant in Houston ASAP lol"
" That idiot must not be very observant. Translations have been going on for years...and plenty of ti "
"Free help with basic federal tax forms and California Income Tax Returns is available at the library for individual "
" my vietnamese was very broken until the last few years! i started making conscious efforts to improve "
" : Did you know: Accessibility is key to Houston's community preparedness, so we offer our Disaster Preparedness Guides in six"
" : Four years ago, Vietnam accounted for less than 1% of EB-5 visa requests in the U.S. That number has jumped to around 20%. F"
"  French Vietnamese fusion... I would recommend  in Garden Grove Californi "
"Listen to  - New Rules on #SoundCloud#music #Vietnamese #vietnam  "
"Today was an oddly racist day at work. A white guy walked in and literally yelled something in Cantonese at my Viet "
""
" : Examining the Home: the Vietnamese experience in the UK.  5th.  and explore this with me.  by magical bei"
"Can Escape Love by  has a Vietnamese hero! my brother would be so happy. #NguyenDynastyRules #HintItRhymesWithLin"
"Vietnamese man accused of stabbing compatriot in Japan: By Phan Anh &amp;nbspMarch 28, 2019 | "
" : Here's how ' friendship with a Vietnamese refugee pushed her to aim for proper representation in public ser"
"What is going on? Who is this Vietnamese lady? Where are we? Who is this mean drake lookin mf?"
" Red-plated and blue-plated cars don pay for roads at toll gates either. And I still get cheated in VN "
" someone said hooker and prostitute and that Vietnamese woman pulled the corner"
" : A pop-up Vietnamese restaurant that changes locations every week called,  Pho Who Dis?"
"Welcome to the #EastVillage vandanyc ! Modern Vietnamese Cuisine. Pho Short Rib Grilled Cheese/Stir-Fried Pho Noodl "
"Just asked for extra chilli at a Vietnamese restaurant. I think I have made a mistake. It feels as if 1000 bull ant "
"Fresh Beer Just Tapped at T&amp;B North: Speedway Stout - Vietnamese Coffee! Join the T&amp;B Rewards Club "
"this means  in Vietnamese #UsMovie "
"Former Georgia gubernatorial candidate Stacey Abrams recently opened up about a childhood friendship she had with a "
"Vietnamese man accused of stabbing compatriot in Japan "
" Aren you Vietnamese?"
" Aww, you want to apologise to a Vietnamese person? That's sweet."
" Why don't you bring your army to Vietnam to save Vietnamese people who love freedom and democracy? "
"on this night i am thinking about how growing up vietnamese in england was hard because there isn a big vietnames "
"So far this season appears to be about a detective helping a Vietnamese woman track down her granddaughter. Am I wa "
"  |  "
"  he's vietnamese descent"
"Vietnamese food is easily top 5. So good."
" : Found this really cute modern Vietnamese restaurant five minutes away from my house today and they have the best vegan"
"9 of the most delectable #tofu dishes in #Charlotte: Cary Tom Curry at Lang Van Vietnamese! #DrinkTOPO Via "
"Among Asian-Americans, the average age of death from heart disease was younger among the Indian subgroup. They lost "
"Enter Eat Your Books' contest to win a copy of Vietnamese Food Any Day:://t.co/wB4W8kEniN"
"Okay I have a coffee review request for  and ! I would love to see a review for Cuban coffe "
"John McCain never sucked up to his Vietnamese captors the way Republican members of Congress suck up to Trump.  Wha "
" : New methodology using Malaise traps for collecting butterflies &amp; moths applied to 80 specimens from Vietnam, as part of"
"Nghe quen quen qu nh?#t # "
" Anything Vietnamese"
" : Fun fact pointed out by my cousin: Zora's shirt says Th which literally translates to Rabbit in Vietnamese . I see"
"Land grabs and labour: Vietnamese workers on rubber plantations in southern Laos #eurekamag"
"   Media, the real enemy of the people. caused Americans to reject "
"Found this really cute modern Vietnamese restaurant five minutes away from my house today and they have the best ve "
" :  I get stuck when I translate it into Vietnamese too and do not know how to start. Thanks to god that we a"
" Never heard you speak Vietnamese before"
"Consent Resolution 23, sponsored by PAC Chair Harmon, allocating funds to Vietnamese Student Organization, Muslim S "
"How's that broth going for the Pho?  Uyen is ready to see the photos of your Vietnamese feasts! Share your expe "
"   For fantasy, many of  novels take inspiration from Vietnamese f "
" If the state allows the legal use of a crypto exchange without strong regulations, this can attract man "
" Vegetarian Vietnamese."
" : Campuchia thu h  t Ho Anh Gia Lai  tr d "
" i was yelling bc she was a vietnamese woman who was on the asian am issues asb at one point like sis ?? hello ???"
" : Poor ! Running a fever and feeling miserable. Some homemade Vietnamese chao and DayQuil incoming! "
"With box office intake from Vietnam, the United States and Canada worth nearly 8.6 million USD, Vietnamese movie Ha "
" Deliberately ignoring - favoring polluters  Sounds like national political election speak.  "
"  Also if you enjoy romance/smut, 's books and upcoming books pretty feature m "
" Anything Asian! Thai, Vietnamese, Chinese, Japanese, the list goes on and on!!!"
"  And Nixon didnt get away with negotiating with the North Vietnamese? Reagan didn get away w "
" I've never gotten Vietnamese before! Haha."
""
"Fun fact pointed out by my cousin: Zora's shirt says Th which literally translates to Rabbit in Vietnamese . "
" Congrats! This is how you know you're really Vietnamese. When I told my dad that the lawsuit I'd filed w "
"  Xin ch, is this a Vietnamese word?  morning "
"This bowl of Pho Vietnamese soup was 3 hotter than normal and I scorched my tongue. I know it empty but I not "
"  Nice! Really looking forward to getting over there. Between Mission Chinese and Bunker "
"Former Georgia gubernatorial candidate Stacey Abrams recently opened up about a childhood friendship she had with a "
"Former Georgia gubernatorial candidate Stacey Abrams recently opened up about a childhood friendship she had with a "
"pussyclips #vietnamese sex tubes"
"alex zubat wore a vietnamese ao dai and fucking decided to type down chinese characters for their insta comment aft "
"I want to try this Vietnamese restaurant for my birthday., but I don think anyone would be interested"
" The reason for my tweet was kinda like how Mantis (Guardians of the Galaxy) is Vietnamese but isn't in th "
"A new collection from Franciscan Brother Rufino Zaragoza -   this new collection, Rufino collaborates with Viet "
"Did you know: Accessibility is key to Houston's community preparedness, so we offer our Disaster Preparedness Guide "
" How do you say sorry in Vietnamese?"
"Campuchia thu h  t Ho Anh Gia Lai  tr d "
"   There a pretty good Asian joint in my town who specialize in a Vietnamese soup "
" : Cambodia returns land that taken a decade ago from indigenous communities for a Vietnamese company's rubber plantation "
"I had such a beautiful Vietnamese food tour today in NYC. Thank you!"
"   We are thankful this program has been held in Fuchu city. opportunity must "
"This is really sad &amp; heartbroken - grow up people! Let give peace a chance. We live just once only!#HumanRights "
"Must find Vietnamese coffee in Melbourne...."
"had my vietnamese coffee six hrs ago why am i barely getting jittery sos"
"dawg I got a Vietnamese manager, dude be tryna be cool &amp; hip &amp; relate to me and shit. making black jokes and shit. "
"Rolling through the week with Vietnamese egg rolls and vermicelli bowl. If you don have time to roll egg rolls, t "
"I was given a new lease today and I feel like a whole new bitch. #dickapptmt #wellness #loveyourself , "
"Am I the only one that watched Us and noticed that the little girl shirt says  in Vietnamese "
" : Prison authorities thought of every possible way to physically and psychologically debilitate us. I had to eat raw rice"
"Doctor asked if I'm Vietnamese or Filipino lol, bruh."
"Cu Chi Tunnel tour is an experience of a Vietnamese soldier during the war - clever, ruthless, lethal. , you "
"coupons  Promotions $23.0. Best deals Music-&gt;CDs. Shopping search engine  "
"#Cambodia has returned land taken a decade ago from indigenous communities for a Vietnamese company's rubber planta "
" I only need Vietnamese dishes for the rest of my life. Forget everything else. "
" : Want to be Police Commissioner in Oakland? You can apply here. Deadline for submission is March 30 -://t.co/Hvk9"
" : my boss and I really watching Vietnamese sitcoms at work because we be THAT BORED! COME GET YA TEA WHORES!... please and"
"The nerve of these Filipino people to be making fun of the Vietnamese nail lady  the nerve"
"In de Vietnamese hoofdstad Hanoi is het heel gewoon om th ch (hondenvlees) in restaurants op de kaart te zetten. "
"Want to be Police Commissioner in Oakland? You can apply here. Deadline for submission is March 30 -://t.co/Hvk9rk5HHF"
"I've said it before and I'll say it again, Vietnamese food is so fucking good! Nothing else tops how yummy it is! "
"Raymond was 93 and had no immediate family.  His funeral at St Ignatius was organised by two beautiful Vietnamese b "
"Vietnamese coffee pa faith"
"New Partnership Purports to Create First Approved Crypto Exchange in Vietnam                A new partnership bet "
"A Vietnamese woman soldier holding a rifle displays Chinese men she captured in battle and took prisoner with their "
" : Wow Vietnamese iced coffee really is the best"
" no i vietnamese"
" You do have the most common Vietnamese surname"
"Currently  has a #Vietnamese pop-up lunch inside of  with dishes of Pho, Banh "
" : In Vietnamese it is said: Chia bu. I share your sadness. "
"My favorite detail in #Us is the daughter sweater. It says , which is Vietnamese for rabbit. "
"Looking for delicious eats? Look no further because here in #SouthCity, we got food covered! From Brazilian, Filip "
"#currency #cryptocurrency New Partnership Purports to Create First Approved Crypto Exchange in Vietnam: A new partn "
"WFD: Vietnamese-style baked chicken. It's marinated in soy sauce, fish sauce, sambal oelek, lime juice, palm sugar, "
"Switzerland-based KRONN Ventures AG and Vietnamese distribution company Linh Thanh Group will jointly launch a cryp "
"Stacey Abrams Reflects On How Friendship With Refugee Impacted Her Career  Georgia gubernatorial candidate "
"Stacey Abrams Reflects On How Friendship With Refugee Impacted Her Career  Georgia gubernatorial candidate "
" Because I live in University City and have for over 10 years. I recognize the difference between Chines "
"people who mock Vietnamese nail techs without knowing the history behind it are gross, ignorant, and lack empathy"
" Who disrespecting my Vietnamese princess like that?!"
"A story of morning vietnamese coffee drip with south sumateran robusta beans "
" : Found this on FB. An old photo of Fidel Castro in solidarity with South Vietnamese soldiers against imperialism."
"   Unconfirmed report has them trying to communicate with MH88 on emergency frequenc "
"Via Cointelegraph: New Partnership Purports to Create First Approved Crypto Exchange in Vietnam  new partnership "
"I typed in Map of The Soul Persona BTS on YouTube without being logged in, and instead of getting the actual MV, I "
" Pho Pasteur: reasonably priced family owned Vietnamese food, the pho is legit Chin: cool new Asian f "
" : So fast and furious.#cryptocurrency #Bcnex #BCNX #cryptotrading #exchangeprogram #bitcoinexchange #blockchain #developer"
" : Chef Chau Trinh speaks to us about his new Vietnamese popup lunch ChauHaus and  Winter Park "
" : In every instance, the recovery of American remains depended on Vietnamese officials or citizens, and Vietnamese records, to lead"
" : Seungri Reportedly Received $1 Million USD Apartment From Wealthy Vietnamese Man://t.co/zsCwsg0ubi"
"WIN 1 of 3 COPIES OF VIETNAMESE FOOD ANY DAY "
" Easy as you have a Vietnamese surname that means King.  In addition, you are a very beautiful young "
" Vietnamese place in the strip has a fire one"
"To the guy at the Vietnamese restaurant wearing the ask me how to avoid stress with... shirt... Maybe don't visib "
"Wow Vietnamese iced coffee really is the best"
"Vietnamese hacking group, APT32, has targeted global auto manufacturers with a phishing campaign in an effort to su "
"March 31, 2019,  Means Teacher in Vietnamese - Rev. Linda Anderson, Worship Leader. Anderson first becam "
"Vietnamese Pho Restaurant - #ad"
"  I ate and drank soo many good things in London but check out Uyen Luu Vietnamese supp "
"Had my first ever Vietnamese meal tonight  Beef Pho and Fish Balls mmm amazing! Definitely holidayin "
" : Vietnamese named among world's most influential climate activists - VnExpress International "
"  can be Vietnamese. They don see how idiotic it sounds."
" Vietnamese food is consciously made for balance, mixing  and  ingredients for that effect. "
"I want Vietnamese food "
" :   Hi there! I Johnny. Vietnamese artist and cosplayer. I like to see, do casual and 3D print my"
" : Today I attended the first ChildFund Pass It Back Cup in Tokyo.  &amp;  have brought a group of Vietnames"
" Ad some vietnamese coffe"
"   'I'm marrying a good day at work and I have to google Vietnamese opticians.' "
"  That is the name. We have Vietnamese restaurants nearby BUT the moment we taste their p "
" : Providing culturally respectful care for seriously-ill Vietnamese Americans "
"What kind of shoes do Vietnamese Buddhists wear??  ph"
" : Holt ended white Australia. wanted to stop Vietnamese refugees coming to Australia. "
"   Plenty of places in the world you can still go to live the dream if you want to.  "
" Vietnamese"
"What do you call a line outside a Vietnamese restaurant?"
"I checked in at Com Vietnamese Grill Restaurant on #Yelp "
" Or he lived in San Jose like I did. Some of my best employees were Vietnamese immigrants, I promoted many into management."
" For more than 8 years you and Republicans have been saying you have a far better plan...more than 8 years! "
"#VietnamWar: There were many more #VietCong the willing to.  Video-On-Demand "
" : What was the role of the governments of Thailand and Vietnam when Vietnamese blogger Truong Duy Nhat disappeared on 26 January? h"
"  You been over there? I usually lukewarm on any Vietnamese food that isn banh mi"
"That moment when you think the pitcher on your table in one of Houston favorite Vietnamese restaurants is iced te "
"When I was a kid we had this priest named Father Quan. Quan Trinh. He liked to be hip with us (mostly white) kids a "
"played with top 1 vietnam pharsa kagina and other vietnamese allies and its a defeat! hahaha another mvp loss for t "
"Why do Asians smack?! Like fuckkkkkkk I hate smacking. My patient was Vietnamese and I wanted to pop the piss out h "
" : Was so proud to welcome Vietnamese youth to Japan today as part of the  Cup, delivered by DHL! The power of spo"
"Tejshree Thapa was among the first human rights researchers to document the #Myanmar military campaign of "
"B m p sandwiches (aka Vietnamese p sandwiches) are so good!(side question: do French-speakers die a litt "
"bitch im vietnamese ive eaten frog legs im the least uncultured taste buds u can GET "
"my boss and I really watching Vietnamese sitcoms at work because we be THAT BORED! COME GET YA TEA WHORES!... pleas "
"factss .. as wat we would say in vietnamese: ur child is broken  "
"Three new beers launching tomorrow at 6pm SHARP! talking a 7% oat cream DDH IPA! talking a 9.5% raspbe "
"My engaged high school crush hasn posted on IG since 2016 but looks at my story every day.  will never unfollow, my Vietnamese love"
"the #happyhour #special at gingerandspicenoodle #pasadena was perfect for my late lunching  #vietnamese #tofu xa "
" : I had the honor of being there in person to hear this story &gt; Stacey Abrams recently opened up about a childhood friendshi"
"  Omg... Vietnamese Monopoly is literally Dong Monopoly."
" Let me list out the ethnicities that people thought I am: Filipino Laotian Vietnamese Korean C "
"  That's interesting! For me and other Vietnamese, we'd use some type of medicated oils. M "
" Hey queen..I so happy to see Vietnamese representation on the challenge which has been my and my sis "
"I had the honor of being there in person to hear this story &gt; Stacey Abrams recently opened up about a childhood fr "
" if you like ~upscale mediterranean~ i would recommend aba! dollop, dark matter, and hero are good coff "
"Happy #WorldTheaterDay! Have you ever heard of #Vietnam's famous #WaterPuppet Shows? #WaterPuppetry goes all the wa "
"tea is essentially the same in Japanese, Korean, and Vietnamese wew"
"   a week into learning vietnamese and i gave up sjsjsj"
"   Yo Vietnamese noodle? "
"Cambodia returns land that taken a decade ago from indigenous communities for a Vietnamese company's rubber plantat "
" : absolutely losing my mind over the fact that tumblr scammer zubat is back &amp; apparently pretending to be ASIAN now (she w"
" : To Book a FOOD TOUR click here "
"VTN Architects design island getaway in Vietnamese archipelago #mustseearchitecture://t.co/Y5nf2700uI "
" I've checked every grocery store - including the Mexican, Middle Eastern, and Vietnamese stores - in m "
" : Spent the final day in Ho Chi Minh at the War Remnants museum. One of the most moving museum experiences where many stori"
"We've got 6 inch Vietnamese Subs for $3.99-$4.99 available Monday-Fridays #YQL Stop by in shop! #Lethbridge "
"Former Georgia gubernatorial candidate Stacey Abrams recently opened up about a childhood friendship she had with a "
"  The Point of Confusion  you Liam that He is Not Referencing a Vie "
" restaurantgroupie -  Can one overdose on #Dungeness #crab? Asking for a friend...  #Vietnamese style #fried "
"I've been happy about a vietnamese sub all day."
" : Allen Le Nam has big plans in a city he has good memories about. The Vietnam-born developer  with warm feelings about #HamOnt"
"Vietnamese dish: *has hardly any pepper in it* nose: *runs* "
"When you have Vietnamese coffee and your third eye opens"
"Former Georgia gubernatorial candidate Stacey Abrams recently opened up about a childhood friendship she had with a "
" : Burger Wednesday - the Banh Mi Burger is our take on the classic Vietnamese sandwich. Specially seasoned grilled beef p"
"   Is JPat a fan of the Vietnamese restaurant  Son? #TysonConspiracy"
"#Cambodia has returned land taken a decade ago from #indigenouscommunities for a #Vietnamese company's rubber plant "
" : Cambodia returns land that taken a decade ago from indigenous communities for a Vietnamese company's rubber plantation https:"
" : Come try our Viet Cajun style Crawfish  our own unique recipe that combines Cajun spices with Vietnamese spices! http"
" : Start your Monday  with a luxury breakfast at our Tempus Fugit.s: a glass of thick aroma Vietnamese coffee will make you"
"I'm not Vietnamese #losangeles"
"Th Thi 122:6-7  Bible:  c ho b cho Gi-ru-sa-lem; nh ai y m th  "
" : The US murders Red Indians, nukes Japan, creates  Taliban, practically hosts Its Leader Mullah Omer and 9/11 villains,"
"I daydreamed, while at King John's Castle, about the time I took T'ai-chi lessons in Carlow with an unstable Vietnamese rhinoceros."
"    Tell the vietnamese that, they might have a problem with that."
" 17:24   17:24 Vietnamese th hi lu t s n "
" my local vietnamese market hands out little gifts if you spend enough and one day it was durian wafer "
"my fellow asians, have yall been mistakened for another ethnicity (or race). i get mistakened for the general white "
"OMFG  IS PLAYING AT THIS SMALL HOLE IN THE WALL VIETNAMESE RESTAURANT AHHH"
"Chicken, lemongrass, and sweet potatoes on their own are pretty great, but when simmered in coconut milk and topped "
"   The Vietnamese ATC transcripts have not been released, it is unknown whether "
"Bitsdaq has suspended gains for a while because of the abuses that the Vietnamese did yesterday 26 March "
"   17 - The commemoration must be celebrated after sunset and before sunrise (Exodus 34:25):: "
"17 - The commemoration must be celebrated after sunset and before sunrise (Exodus 34:25):: "
"Why are Vietnamese authorities so wary of Hmong Christianity? "
" : The daughter of Vietnamese refugees, Jennifer Ho's Lawrence &amp; Argyle line features shirts with phrases like  Of Imm"
"I promise y ima know Vietnamese soon all these chinos I be working with lmaooo"
"#Vietnamese #Curry powder is left over in the #mortarandpestle. I'm excited to make #hummus in there next! What an "
"  I know it's not a soup. It's a bovine stomach that can be used as ingredient in lots of different "
"Why are Vietnamese authorities so wary of Hmong Christianity? "
"my relatives keep texting me in complete vietnamese omg do they not know i can read or write hdhdhdhdhhd"
"Come try our Viet Cajun style Crawfish  our own unique recipe that combines Cajun spices with Vietnamese spices! "
"vietnamese coffee be hittin different"
" Worst food ever, hate dumplings. There you go each to their own.. Except for abalone... Had that in a Vi "
" : Who loves #Pho? We do! Pho (pronounced fuh) is a #Vietnamese #soup consisting of broth, rice noodles, a few herbs, a"
"Here's how ' friendship with a Vietnamese refugee pushed her to aim for proper representation in publi "
" #thang"
"1 (Chinese) (Korean) (Spanish) Vi (Vietnamese) "
" do(?) "
"Enjoy this easy #trekking tour of #Vietnam as you visit #Sapa after taking the night train from #Hanoi for an unfor "
" : Vietnamese food today &lt;3 "
"vietnamese buddhist monk thich nhat hanh, but gosh that bulbasaur is just too darn good"
"Stacey Abrams Reflects On How Friendship With Refugee Impacted Her Career -  Georgia gubernatorial candidate "
"       like what happened "
"Police in New Taipei's Zhonghe District say they have detained a Vietnamese woman after she abandoned her newborn b "
" : #CHSNews: On Friday, we're opening our newest exhibit on the Special Forces working w/ oppressed tribe people known as"
"  her father is vietnamese &amp; her mom mexican"
"Noah Vietnamese Restaurant on a Sunday morning after puking our guts out the night before&gt;&gt;&gt; "
"I need me an oriental joint, or a Japanese, or Vietnamese, or Korean, or Asian."
"Who loves #Pho? We do! Pho (pronounced fuh) is a #Vietnamese #soup consisting of broth, rice noodles, a few herbs "
"  Fine, man, just talk down to me from the safe confines of San Jose Vietnamese food ;_;"
"MOVEMENT FIT TO FLOAT, BLEW ME VIETNAMESE THROUGH THE SMOKE TOOK I'M KNOWIN' WHIPPING STONER,'BOUT ANYTHING,"
"Okay restaurant bumping the  album, Vietnamese jamming "
"    Historically, Dem's have bombed more brown people than anyone else. "
"Thinking about the yummy Vietnamese meatball sub my mom made for me today with mixed feelings. Happy b/c it was goo "
"   When the US invaded Afghanistan a US medic was killed and the alleged kil "
" It's also the privilege of knowing you in real life. can talk about many things like why is Vie "
"If  can allow a Vietnamese character to become a world renowned country singer in universe, we can allo "
" Or the North Vietnamese are way ahead installing light subduing street lighting?"
"The family run Vietnamese restaurant near my house is better than any fancy restaurant I've been to.  The end."
" *thanos snap in north Vietnamese"
" Of course it does. It uses modified Arabic script that can be read by Arabs while Urdu-speakers, Persia "
"The fact they playing  in the Vietnamese restaurant got me a little hype to eat my Pho , kudos to whoever got the aux "
"When I was in 3rd grade my mom beat me with my favorite toy gun because I couldn solve a long division problem. "
"Sorry for the serious look on my face.  you are in the Barrie area and want authentic, fresh Vietnamese/Thai fo "
"In Good Morning, Viet Mom!, Franco Nguyen tells a story of growing up as the son of Vietnamese immigrant parents in "
" I have vietnam version 1975 free from vietnamese farmer yes"
"#27_March #Birth 1933 &amp;#8211; L V H, South Vietnamese Brigadier general (d. 1975)"
"There are not many books about the Civic Action Program in Vietnam.  John Balaban's Remembering Heaven's Face, A St "
"absolutely losing my mind over the fact that tumblr scammer zubat is back &amp; apparently pretending to be ASIAN now ( "
" I call them out all the time. I speak Korean, Vietnamese, and Mandarin. Don mess with me."
"#mihoanhthanh Vietnamese wonton &amp; egg soup noodles are to be eaten with #dijonmustard  and it deli "
"Craving a Vietnamese coffee though and some noodles "
"   Canny beat a vietnamese volleyball game anaw"
"If trees were able to speak, it would probably be in Vietnamese."
"BBC News Ti Vi - Gi l ph M gi thi d lu t quan h v  Loan "
" There a cute looking Vietnamese cafe sorta place and some very good bakeries for pasties"
"My mommy calls me her little idiot monster baby in Vietnamese and it my favorite nick name tbh lmfao"
"What did I say! This is a Vietnamese girl (pls do not bully her!! ...) but she has a black child now from "
"I am so heartbroken that Lucy's Vietnamese closed down. Ain't no pho like their pho."
"   In his bedroom, he has got a few Vietnamese Gardner in to look after it"
"pre vietnamese espresso vs after vietnamese espresso "
"  All Vietnamese Pho places have it, here in the US. My son once ordered it by mistake, because he h "
" :         "
" There a great noodle bar in ST (if the inkling takes) called Saigon - craft beer and exceptional Vie "
"10-40 raw virgin hair. I also have closures &amp; frontals. Indian Curly, Luxe Wave, Exotic Curl &amp; Vietnamese Straight."
"Ph Quang Minh b Anh t qu t v VN kh nh "
" :   leana, how much are you charging for a half dozen fully viable, 4th trimester, asian cadavers. im st"
"The Latest: Police nab man sought in Vegas double killing "
" : We are officially the laughing stock of the world. #brexit disaster being reported on vietnamese news !!!"
"Fraudster left prison, became a pastor and stole $25 million from his mostly Orange County Vietnamese followers: SE "
" Life is a temporary step,  death is the journey home.  Vietnamese"
"Dinner at #EDW19 with  and Donn Maguire. Who knew we would find such good Vietnamese food in Boston? "
"Do I know any Vietnamese in Vietnam? I be at these events to support my friend n colleague Dr. Home H. C. Nguyen "
" Patrick r u watching MASTER CHEF Jr. w/ the kids? It's fun &amp;s rated G.  One of the contestants is my so "
"Rattanakiri provincial governor agrees to return land to Cambodian #indigenous communities after 10 years of a Viet "
" : Will try on our next time through!  : Spring rolls have sprung at Sea-Tac! Enjoy a Banh Mi sandwich, Pho no"
"Vietnam War: During Operation Bushmaster, a member of Company L, (Ranger), 75th Infantry, wearing camouflage makeup "
" my wife and I are fortunate enough to have been invited to a Vietnamese wedding this May in #NOLA. "
"  Actually, that shit happened in FL, and I'm pretty sure it involved Vietnamese women, "
"Vietnamese food is so damn good!"
" Don't even know why some Viet people be acting all stank towards black people when they have all ki "
"So good #pho you!! Don #pho get to let us know your favorite spot to #pho it up!!  Chateau Lemongrass Vietnamese "
"We need help #SavingKen! This is an #urgent search, as Ken has a very aggressive #leukemia. Please   and "
"On the peculiar features of the #Vietnamese car/bike hailing market, which grows 30-40% per year from Be Group CEO://t.co/TP225mF8ap"
"#CHSNews: On Friday, we're opening our newest exhibit on the Special Forces working w/ oppressed tribe people known "
"Px: So, are you Filipino or Vietnamese? Been here long? Got your papers yet? b? This mufu'er."
" : I remember when I was little, my yt friends would mock, laugh &amp; make fun of me every time they heard me spoke in Vietname"
"listen i get there aren't many Vietnamese roles but come on this is way too many times"
"Finding flavors from B  N  to  P H   Ladies who lunch. x..#vietnamese #ladieswholunch #flowers #flavors "
"        "
"  Moved to Omaha 20 months ago and have a short list... for steaks for burgers and ot "
" I read your book #EthicsInMotion. It was well written but scary of course. The story about the Vietn "
" : Spring rolls have sprung at Sea-Tac! Enjoy a Banh Mi sandwich, Pho noodle soup, or iced Vietnamese coffee at Bambuza Vie"
"Join  TONIGHT at the Buskirk-Chumley Theater from 7-9 p.m. for a screening of  Like Me: The Viet "
"vietnamese enby"
"  Vietnamese pot bellied kid."
"so many viet restaurants with bad pho pun names, yet not a single vietnamese-italian fusion restaurant called pho-gettaboutit"
" is opening in April! Last night we did a preview for braverychefhall  lenders. One o "
" : Per law, the juror has a right to sit on the jury. However, the courts don't have a Vietnamese language interpreter avail"
"Vietnamese foods are one of those things that has become INCREDIBLY popular the past decade, but growing up barely "
" : The jury has been selected, but hasn't been seated in the courtroom. There is an issue with one particular juror and a la"
" It's the avocado place....before that it was the really good Vietnamese stand....the fountain is missed lmao"
"#gay #gayviet #gayasian #gayboy #vietnamese #vietnam #gaytwink #vietboy #asianboy #naked #inbed #traiviet #bedtime "
"Per law, the juror has a right to sit on the jury. However, the courts don't have a Vietnamese language interpreter "
"Notre Dame Cathedral Dong. The two best things paired together.  Throng of Dong is a new website photographing Dong "
"   Vietnamese police. But that wasn't the story that was told. The thing caught on camer "
"   it's funny. I'm going to tell you a little story. Do you remember the Vietnam War? Th "
"black and white and yet those that wanted to see more and be part of the greater good had Tran to thank and her gro "
"Ryan has adopted a Vietnamese child and has named them Hogarth"
"The jury has been selected, but hasn't been seated in the courtroom. There is an issue with one particular juror an "
"        "
"This Vietnamese iced coffee got me TWEAKING at work"
"According to all the Vietnamese people at the nail salon, I look like David Beckham. After I laughed (historically)I said thank you. #THMP"
"i just had Vietnamese iced coffee you can feel this shit kick in like it's addies fam like my brain literally went from shleep to "
"dream holiday: vietnam, touring sites of importance to the revolution as well as to the vietnamese buddhist tradition"
" My chatty Vietnamese teacher told too many anecdotes - interesting but not what I was there for #ELTchat"
" Malay or Vietnamese"
" i love hearing you talk to me in vietnamese ;))"
" Soupa Saiyan... DBZ themed Vietnamese pho place, really good."
"Cambodia returns land that taken a decade ago from indigenous communities for a Vietnamese company's rubber plantat "
" My favourite was the Vietnamese food. My favourite places were the Golden Lotus in Sydney and Fina's 2 "
"Here's the Vietnamese sisters holding a copy of my book #WorkPlayPrayHard. They love it! They are especially gratef "
"An archipelago off Vietnam coast is home to a five-star beach resort a haunting past: "
"1. Phogazing. Pho. Sicko Pho. R.I.Pho Screw . Stop trying to be PHO. Pho Bystanders . Noodles. Pho Up "
"no one: kid who knows how to solve a rubik cube: "
" s th  g  x h d s Vi Nam nh ho  d s t Vi Nam v th hi "
"China b l! Kinh c   m r  h ch quy b ngo  l b  Bi  S ki Mi "
"Taylor and Nick have our delicious Beer Braised Banh Mi Meatball Sub today!!! pork meatballs braised "
"Are you in the mood for Southeast Asian cuisine?'re in luck! New Pinang in Forest Hills has fantastic Malaysia "
"TransCycle: Latin, Chinese (Traditional), Irish, Vietnamese, Serbian, Arabic, Macedonian, Czech, Bengali"
"The owners of the salon i work at are Vietnamese, she gon ask me what i know about quickway "
"I remember when I was little, my yt friends would mock, laugh &amp; make fun of me every time they heard me spoke in Vi "
"*KPOP IDOL Try Vietnamese Snacks* What is the best snack in Vietnam?!  (2 idiots) |    "
"This past weekend our Treasurer, Jenny Nguyen and fellow SJSU members, Nicole Phan, Philip Nguyen, and Darian Dang, "
"It is also known as Pearl Milk Tea, Bubble Milk Tea, Boba Tea, or simply BOBA) contains tea of some kind, flavo "
"Vanmiddag was het vietnamese loempia middag op mijn werk. Nieuwe traditie voor de woensdagmiddag."
" : Vietnamese immigrant held after two shocking arson attacks in North Dublin #Ireland #Immigrant"
"Savory salads  G G &gt; Classic #Vietnamese chicken and cabbage salad with M&amp;G's twists  Juicy organic poached ch "
"Why are Vietnamese authorities so wary of Hmong Christianity? "
"        "
"Brexit: B May h t ch n  xu c b  th qua "
"Herbs from my mom organic backyard garden. Can wait to eat with laap! You see coriander, mint, fish herb(heart "
"I've just got confirmation that the merch from the Vietnamese metalcore band Windrunner was shipped my way. w "
"Vietnam 1967: We't who to the #Vietnamese.  Video-On-Demand (cable) and Amazon "
"Looking for a second location, the owners of the health-conscious Pho Vistro eatery on Queen Street West liked what "
"Looking pho healthy Vietnamese food in the north? "
" : #DR06  :  h baby: h mom &amp; mom  its a girl! vietnamese baby :  +  ! "
"Vietnamese and Thai authorities must come clean about journalist disappearance  "
"Love is colorblind. But why I feel blue? #saigon #hochiminh #vietnamesegirl #vietnamese #PicOfTheDay #dairyfree "
" :  THREE BEER THURSDAY!   us at 6pm tomorrow for first pour of: Mail Order Martian  % Oat Cream DDH IPA"
" : 2012 features a commissioned piece by Vietnamese-born illustrator, Tran Nguyen  Tran is an award-winning artist who's"
"chinese - cheater - cheater - inadik na na mag pubg"
"#Vancouver's first-ever Vietnamese coffee bar is closing its doors this week  "
"Viet Caf Noung - Vietnamese coffee sweetened with condensed milk. The perfect ending to a Pan-Asian feast! #coffee "
"Some of the best tacos I've ever had were in Indianapolis. Some of the best BBQ I've ever had was in New York City. "
"I just want everyone to know that until I moved to New Orleans I had no idea how glorious Korean food (also Vietnam "
"SO to my Vietnamese bf for giving me a free plate of pad Thai noodles"
" : Sinema also didn't record over 20 recordings of propaganda for the North Vietnamese government. Also turns out Sinema di"
"I have now spent more time in Vietnam than Da Nang Dick Blumenthal, the third rate Senator from Connecticut (how is "
"   . McCain is accused of training North Vietnamese air defense personnel "
" : We have THREE beers to bring to you tomorrow... Order Martian - 7% Oat Cream DDH IPA Ton Truck - 10.2% Vi"
"I would be such a dirty whore for a tofu bahn mi with a side of tofu spring rolls and a Vietnamese iced coffee right about now "
"    All that fancy hardware runs on the sweat of exploited Chinese and "
"WIN 1 of 3 COPIES OF VIETNAMESE FOOD ANY DAY "
" : Behold, God is my salvation; I will trust, and will not be afraid; for the Lord God is my strength and my song, and He has"
" : Hi! I'm Maria Nguyen, a Vietnamese-Canadian freelance illustrator. Where you can find me:: "
"We can always trust a long-term project like Bcnex! They're supported by the Vietnamese government! $BCNX #BCNX "
"Reliable reports that independent journalist and former prisoner of conscience Truong Duy Nhat is being detained in "
"Behold, God is my salvation; I will trust, and will not be afraid; for the Lord God is my strength and my song, an "
" : Reminder of a July 2016 incident where the Chinese Coast Guard allegedly sank a Vietnamese fishing boat and forced the fish"
" Expelling ALL illegals (Chinese, Vietnamese, Mexican, South American, Canadian, Cuban, Haitian, Africa "
" Looks like a Vietnamese person made those egg rolls I promise you they fire lmao"
"These three restaurants offer their own takes on traditional and modern Vietnamese cuisine #bestrestaurantsyyc "
"Police nab Vietnamese mother of baby found by Pokemon player in New Taipei "
" : New family-owned restaurant is open in the North Satellite. Try Bambuza Vietnam Kitchen Vietnamese cuisine today! "
" : #SanJose #CA- FREE Citizenship Workshop tomorrow 3/25! Get legal consultation to determine citizenship eligibility &amp; get h"
"  Fuck outta here! My father and many men and women like him fought in Vietnam because it w "
"We have some great specials for you today! du Jour Beef Stew  with a warm roll 4.50 Bow "
" How's your Vietnamese?"
"VN stocks pick up as petro firms boosted by oil price increases: Vietnamese shares advanced "
"Vietnamese doctors conducted first-ever awake brain tumor surgery: The Hanoitimes  Doctors "
"Water buffalo have an important job at this Vietnamese golf course "
" : A soldier rescuing Vietnamese children. See more: "
"Ch ph mu l s Lu    sau n 2020 ph Vi Nam  ngh r d  Lu   s  kh "
" : I like my women like I like my coffee . Vietnamese "
"We have THREE beers to bring to you tomorrow... Order Martian - 7% Oat Cream DDH IPA Ton Truck - 10.2% "
" :    God bless you and Son. I took bullets for Vietnamese, Cambodians. This little g"
"17 - Isikhumbuzo kumele sigubhe ngemva kokushona kwelanga nangaphambi kokuphuma kwelanga (Eksodusi 34:25): "
"   God bless you and Son. I took bullets for Vietnamese, Cambodians. This litt "
"   17 - Isikhumbuzo kumele sigubhe ngemva kokushona kwelanga nangaphambi kokuphuma kwelanga (Eksodusi 34 "
" : #login There is no honor in serving unless your are serving an  cause. If you are sev"
"I don mind living on vietnamese spring rolls with peanut dipping sauce"
"B tr   c v Tr Xu Thanh v Th t Vi Nam tr Kinh t &amp; N l C h li bang "
"CAN YOU NAME SPAIN'S 2010 SQUAD? | Stephan Lichtsteiner v Granit Xhaka | What do you know? Arsenal goalkeeper Wojci "
" N ph 10 tri   v ng b cho  tin sai v d t l m Facebooker t Vi Nam b... "
"Some Vietnamese pho makes the pain go away"
"C an Vi Nam th v nh ho  Nguy Quang H Nh v b  tr xu an Vi Nam th v nh "
" : It's here! We know you've been waiting. Our Popular Annual Financial Report (the PAFR) helps Portlanders understand the City's"
"Cambodian indigenous communities win back their sacred land from Vietnamese rubber developer "
"yesterday Tracy and I were looking at photos that were left behind by Vietnamese people fleeing the Vietnam war and "
"Vietnamese iced coffee runs thru my veins"
" There a Vietnamese place across from Wienerschnitzel that only makes vegan food."
"Cleveland has delicious Vietnamese food #AAPA2019 "
"The daughter of Vietnamese refugees, Jennifer Ho's Lawrence &amp; Argyle line features shirts with phrases like  "
"Cao Vinh Thinh, well-known #Vietnamese environmental activist, was kidnapped by Hanoi police on her way to work and "
"Bit nervous about meeting the 'writer' of a film I really freaking love, tomorrow morning. Wahhhh starting to work "
" : See you this Friday in Heaton Moor! #Repost  with get_repost++ THIS FRIDAY AT NOOK ++ Mama Chus Kit"
"  Vietnamese Restaurant Washington St, San Francisco, CA 94111 +1 415-362-3689://t.co/60JSUhtETQ"
"Mmm...vietnamese #banhmi sandwich with avocado &amp; lychee #smoothie Not as good as I can get in Cali, but not bad  5 "
" : Author of Vietnamese Food Any Day,  is making tasty appetizers that the whole family would enjoy for a week"
"   CTV paid me tones of cash to simply sit and read off a TelePrompTer, enoug "
"#MissEarth Ph Kh leading a #TrashChallenge, by cleaning the garbage below Saigon Bridge, with Korean singer "
" : Ann Mills-Griffiths, along with Amanda Kingery and Jennifer Nasarenko, visited the Vietnamese Embassy, meeting with Am"
" : 'Smuggled' truck driver Andrut Mihai Duma smuggled 21 Vietnamese adults and children into the UK."
"JSO is probably one of the few jurisdictions in the country that have Vietnamese cross boar expertise "
"Eating At The BEST Reviewed Vietnamese Restaurant In Vietnam (5) "
"#MissEarth Ph Kh leading a #TrashChallenge, by cleaning the garbage below Saigon Bridge, with Korean singer "
"Reposted from   -  Can one overdose on #Dungeness #crab? Asking for a friend...  #Vietnamese style "
"Sunshine  Vietnamese Coffee  Friend  is a GREAT day!  Sorry no beer in this pic, fueling up "
"Taster is London's newest delivery-only kitchen serving up poke, Korean fried chicken and Vietnamese menus: "
"   Y don translate any other government speeches/updates into other "
" I had a crush on someone until they asked me if the pepper icons next to dishes on a vietnamese menu re "
" And then we will wrap it in pig blankets over a buffet dinner as Vietnamese rolls"
" hosted a group of EPIers at the wonderful  Vietnamese mall. I had to miss the outing so as "
"GB: male/female actors, 25-99, Vietnamese spkrs, for film in London [P] #gb #london #vietnamese #castingcall #actor "
"Vietnamese food today &lt;3 "
"This little piggy went ...., wee, wee, want to find my home! PIG ! Vietnamese cross boar pig was loca "
"the amount of vietnamese characters in the MCU is crazy"
"Pho Mac got the name Bc we are Vietnamese and Irish"
"Not to mention it would be a great opportunity for #YR and  to cast an actual Vietnamese American in t "
"Reminiscing the bite-sized beef tartar with special Vietnamese dressing garnished with enoki mushroom and onion at "
" Ik las eerst ' Ik werd in Berlijn verliefd op een Vietnamees.' krijgt er stevige armen van, Vietn "
"My boss cried already a little today cuz of the stress they put us through after they fucked up our computers "
"Do different countries have different copyright bots? Because most #SuperSentai clips that are still on YouTube have Vietnamese subtitles."
"When I feel this shitty, I want to curl up into a little ball &amp; disappear from the world. But I can. I gotta orde "
" Im Vietnamese  love USA"
"My face when I about to try need food (that was a banana Vietnamese spring roll) "
"Maybe I will try it with the fish sauce next time. Love working at an international company.  Vietnamese Banh It to "
"why did i go from no coffee for 3 weeks to chugging vietnamese coffee today"
"No one loves watching concerts at 7 a.m. on full volume like vietnamese parents"
"I found a Vietnamese restaurant near my work and now no banh mi sandwich or pho is safe from my hunger "
"Gotta change my nationality from  to  cause my baby has just created his own country "
"Author of Vietnamese Food Any Day,  is making tasty appetizers that the whole family would enjoy for a w "
"Skip ordering takeout tonight and make an Asian-inspired recipe at home! Chinese-, Thai-, Vietnamese-, and Japanese "
" : Orange County planned new cemetery will include space for U.S., #Vietnamese and #Korean #veterans "
"Skip ordering takeout tonight and make an Asian-inspired recipe at home! Chinese-, Thai-, Vietnamese-, and Japanese "
"Thanks for helping me reach 25 followers! Who else do you think should be following me? (No Vietnamese)"
"  History warned us that atheist Societies like Joseph Stalin the Chinese in the Vietnamese hav "
"  They also hired a guy who tortured Vietnamese to torture Black men into confessions"
" Oh Ho Chi Minh City? I'm living in the city too! I can only talk in English and Vietnamese and not Korean "
"Author of Vietnamese Food Any Day,  is making tasty appetizers that the whole family would enjoy for a w "
"New family-owned restaurant is open in the North Satellite. Try Bambuza Vietnam Kitchen Vietnamese cuisine today! "
"#WednesdayMotivation: Producers like   choosing to use #Vietnamese language as an easter e "
" My family name is H. Driving examiner met me for the first time and said: , I was expecting Mr Hon "
"        "
" i get to link broken spanish and vietnamese together and the wild thing is, i'm the only person who speaks one language"
" Ch Hine. I am learning Vietnamese in Ho Chi Minh city. It's hard, but it's fun. I hope we can talk a lo "
" : China invaded northern Vietnam to  them a lesson for attacking the Khmer Rouge and joining USSR side of Sino-So"
" People are fucking insane! This woman wanted to buy my older sister since my mom already had two other "
" : Vietnamese Fresh Spring Rolls with Peanut Sauce eating doesn have to look or taste boring and bland! The light, swee"
"I have a sudden and urgent craving for Vietnamese congee so I gonna buy ingredients to make some later."
" I be Vietnamese next week I hope I got the flag and the shirt already for Sunday "
"Paradox !!!we love to improve our score cards by improving English drafting skill &amp; using statistical tools.When Vi "
"  The new Vietnamese inspired food at Atlanta's T-terminal lounge is awesome! #Delta "
"Five Vietnamese workers killed in Thai road crash://t.co/bptgsgtyTa#roadsafety #rssinternational #thail;and #vietnam"
" Me, speaking Vietnamese, hiding in a tree: c c b  nghe th g?"
" : VIETNAMESE BORROWED WORDS #1 FOOD - TH  (FROM ENGLISH) #tingvit"
" Chinese, Vietnamese or any other colors, we all like, everyone wins!"
"Some food highlights from our few days in HCMC including 1) delicious ginger pork banh xeo from benthanhstreetfoodm "
"Vietnamese Warship at LIMA 2019 "
"Vietnamese for lunch! #morethanjustpho #PhoHanDuong "
"We've got 6 inch Vietnamese Subs for $3.99-$4.99 available Monday-Fridays #YQL Stop by in shop! #Lethbridge "
"Now open: Thai/Vietnamese restaurant Paradise Kitchen in Chandler "
"Now open: Thai/Vietnamese restaurant Paradise Kitchen in Chandler "
"Vietnamese people are ruthless"
"One of my favourite foods in the World is Dim Sum   - - go for the Turnip Cake, Crispy Puffs, Vietna "
"*SPOILER ALE* to go watch Us last night, and one of the symbols Jordan used was the word Th on her sweatsh "
" Hello my fellow Vietnamese friend, please help me by  to your army from Vietnamese so that we can bri "
" u look Vietnamese over and enjoy some "
"   Klopt. Dat konijn is een ding, heeft Gilles ook vertelt in een interview. En het grap "
"At Vietnamese restaurant and the table behind me is complaining about the restaurant not having YumYum sauce "
"#IUMcKinney LL.M. students discuss Vietnamese laws "
"Stoked to see Vietnamese Food Any Day among the spring picks ! Moreover, that Andy Baraghani likes it.  "
"I like my women like I like my coffee . Vietnamese "
" America send troops into Vietnam based on a lie, the military lied to the American public about Vie "
" when does your vietnamese sub place open? Same time as the restaurant?"
"The Bo Sate Saut filet mignon with roasted yams, asian long beans, and spicy sate emulsion. #LeColonial "
" I get stuck when I translate it into Vietnamese too and do not know how to start. Thanks to god that w "
" Eh, at least the tablecloth looks vietnamese!?--i think my first bed sheet was that pattern.."
"Orange County planned new cemetery will include space for U.S., #Vietnamese and #Korean #veterans "
"Event with Kim Th author of Secrets from my Vietnamese Kitchen - "
"Vietnamese iced coffee hits different"
"Green old Vietnamese 1/3 backstage's videos on YouTube : PHOTOPIA pictures : "
"This Vietnamese guy I work w just said  Barbecue? Mmmmmmmmmm that shit delicious and was dead ass serious lmao"
" :  Agree!  And broadly, Western culture.  Does Japanese culture need to change?  Chinese or Vietnamese?  African"
"starbucks is shit and i wish it was a Vietnamese coffee from 7 leaves "
"   Johnta, have you ever thought about being Chinese, Korean, Phillipino, Vietname "
" : Vietnamese Coffee from 7Leaves is ehhhhh;;  sweet. &gt;__&lt;"
"Hellz yeah! ( Song Huong Vietnamese Cuisine in Tampa, FL) "
"Trade liberalization and the wage premium: Evidence from Vietnamese manufacturing - Bhattacharya - 2019 - Eco "
"Vietnamese Coffee from 7Leaves is ehhhhh;;  sweet. &gt;__&lt;"
"nobody: : time to teach myself vietnamese on duolingo"
"#DR06  :  h baby: h mom &amp; mom  its a girl! vietnamese baby :  +  ! "
"And yep, that other girl is my Vietnamese friend."
"I sorry  in #Vietnamese "
" :    Even if it was real, the horror of Vietnamese torture would break anyone. GIs a"
"Xenia Tchoumitcheva : Without comment : &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 : (CV): !!! mins   face when I about to try need "
"New 5 star Review on Paolo Valle Pinot Grigio 2017: Great with cheese and Vietnamese food "
"Did a Vietnamese cooking class while in Ho Ch Minh City. Learned to make Pho, Stewed Chicken with Honey and Ginger, "
"His best chance? Someone who is half Vietnamese and half white. "
" Seconded by the experience of trying to tell the story of  Petite Chapon Rouge to a Vietnamese Sister."
" totally random but do u speak Vietnamese?"
" : It's not summer yet, but this is a sure sign that it's coming! #Vegan #Vietnamese #IceCoffee today! spec"
"It's not summer yet, but this is a sure sign that it's coming! #Vegan #Vietnamese #IceCoffee today! "
"They're hoping to find a half Vietnamese half Caucasian mixed-race match for this little boy from Redondo Beach. "
"Congrats U23 and Vietnamese sport day! "
" : Having read Marguerite Duras novel L and visited Duras in France, loved visiting the Vietnamese house today where"
"Niggas swear they gangsta til the trees start speaking Vietnamese"
"Orange County planned new cemetery will include space for U.S., Vietnamese and Korean troops "
" And the Chinese knows our weaknesses. We cannot be united like the Vietnamese or even the Indonesians."
"T c vong, th c  ch  trong m h gi Ph T "
"VIETNAMESE BORROWED WORDS #1 FOOD - TH  (FROM ENGLISH) #tingvit"
"Lovely vietnamese food for dinner hehe"
"Burger Wednesday - the Banh Mi Burger is our take on the classic Vietnamese sandwich. Specially seasoned grilled be "
"skipped class and ran into my mum who told me to get vietnamese coffee so i did. and now i'm sitting in the sun reading reddit. epic"
"New methodology using Malaise traps for collecting butterflies &amp; moths applied to 80 specimens from Vietnam, as par "
"Orange County planned new cemetery will include space for U.S., Vietnamese and Korean troops "
"Was so proud to welcome Vietnamese youth to Japan today as part of the  Cup, delivered by DHL! The pow "
"firefox-developer-edition-i18n-vi 67.0b5-1 (any/Community)Vietnamese language pack for Firefox Developer Edition&lt;2019-03-27&gt;"
"Vietnamese Ginger Tumeric Noodles "
" Oh hi there vietnamese  how lovely to see you here ^^)"
" I hope it's not rude to reply, but I saw you learning Vietnamese, my language, so i want to wish you best "
" of peace/prosperity, this is one hilarious cracker. if your military could at least h "
" :          "
"73% done with The Kiss Quotient, by Helen Hoang: The details about Michael's Vietnamese ... "
"  leana, how much are you charging for a half dozen fully viable, 4th trimester, asian cadavers. im "
" :  Hokkien and Cantonese sound so much closer to Korean, Japanese and Vietnamese than Manda"
"Vietnamese music really slaps lowkey"
"   So you a product of a killer dad? Who probably killed tens of Vietnamese "
"       And you'd know this if you wer "
"Vietnamese drone pics fly high at int aerial photo contest://t.co/vpcv0rWki1"
"An electrifying portrait of the righteous anger of black anti-war protesters and veterans, director David L. Weiss "
"Moonlight Cafe, La Parisienne French Bakery, Green Leaf Vietnamese, Tavolata, Ka Won, Honey Court, Miller's Guild, "
"The natural beauty of Ha Long Bay in Vietnam. The UNESCO World Heritage Site is a beautiful place accessible from H "
" Plz tell me why the commanding Vietnamese officer of #HanoiHilton told Morgan Freeman that no one "
". talks about U.S. and Vietnamese efforts to clean up areas contaminated by agent orange, ahead of a "
"This special is ! The Bahn Mi is a traditional Vietnamese sandwich. We using our #vegan ham in a sweet citrus, "
" : #Vietnam is successfully fighting off animal diseases like African Swine Fever with the help of #nuclear-derived techniques. h"
"New on the  menu: Pan-seared salmon on bun (Vietnamese vermicelli) for lunch &amp; dinner.  Thank "
"We always have time for a quick pit-stop at our favorite Vietnamese specialty market in Orlando.  #vietnamesefood "
"Fun fact Zander killed 6 people in Vietnam a few years ago. Not in the Vietnamese war. He literally just went to Vi "
"Vietnamese, Ha Giang tea specialties: Pink tea, Snow tea, Mong rong tea, Tien tea ... s tr c H Giang, Vi "
"White leftist fetishizing vietnamese liberation while also reducing us to a bunch of backwards rice farmers instead "
"In Vietnamese it is said: Chia bu. I share your sadness. "
". 's art is rooted in community organizing and storytelling.  of her latest projects brought togeth "
"3 of 3 #lovethejourney #illustration #streetfood #vietnamese #freshingredients #advertisingillustration "
"2 of 3 #lovethejourney #illustration #streetfood #vietnamese #freshingredients #advertisingillustration "
"1 of 3 #lovethejourney #illustration #streetfood #vietnamese #freshingredients #advertisingillustration "
"Another buy from yesterday is this Vietnamese fisherman lamp. Really nicely carved and full of character "
"All true... Where my pho, Vietnamese, Peruvian and Spanish spots at? "
" : Police nab Vietnamese mother of baby found by Pokemon player in New Taipei "
"John Howard will be remembered for his swift and decisive action on gun control. Malcolm Fraser for his humanitaria "
"   is also a Vietnamese Goddess and the lovechild of  and  soooo yeah "
"The Vietnamese coffee house and eatery Tru Broth opened this past weekend in Travelers Rest://t.co/TXFlO84gf8"
" :  is proud to be a product of 100% Vietnamese development team with the desire to change the world's view about Vietnam"
"Vietnam antiques exhibited in RoK: Vietnamese antiques showcased at the National Museum "
" : HAPPY BIHDAY Jackson is a project from Just Wang It-Jackson Vietnamese fanpage#JustWangIt#KingJacksonDay#OurPrideJa"
"  The reason why I am waiting for new update at 10 p.m everyday (Vietnamese hour) T.T omg omg, awsome awsome T.T"
"HAPPY BIHDAY Jackson is a project from Just Wang It-Jackson Vietnamese fanpage#JustWangIt#KingJacksonDay "
"#live #news 27/03/2019: Tin t bu s  m v   xem:  "
" in Vietnamese, daman means brutal, excessive or a sign of awe, exclamation. So it's actually acc "
"Traditional #Vietnamese fishing boats in M N, #Vietnam a beautiful beach resort town close to #Saigon "
" : Vietnamese shrimp and rice noodle salad! #yyt #buysocial #eatlocal "
"The best power homestead gardening couple is 60+ yo southern boy and his Korean or Vietnamese wife."
" I need to find some! They strangely absent from competitions I go to, also. I have a Vietnamese m "
"Last night  preview of braverychefhall was fun! We served #banhkhot, a #vietnamese shrimp fritter wra "
" yeah. forth account. nam is male in vietnamese"
"vietnamese family reunions be all fun and games until someone drinks the last heineken"
" I've only seen this for vietnamese crawfish boils. Is that what you're talking about?"
"Can someone explain to my parents that it doesnt matter how much i make as a student, that it doesnt affect them cl "
" Agree!  And broadly, Western culture.  Does Japanese culture need to change?  Chinese or Vietnamese?  A "
" Your art is beautiful. Can I translate this article into Vietnamese?I will definitely write the source."
" and Thai authorities need to come clean about why and how Nhat returned to Viet Nam after he applied fo "
"WIN 1 of 3 COPIES OF VIETNAMESE FOOD ANY DAY "
"Which of our three new beers, launching tomorrow, are you most excited for? Order Martian - 7% Oat Cream DDH "
" Like a giant lobster that has somehow survived in a Vietnamese  reatuarant's fish tank by hiding under green algae."
" Sad to say I at the point where my hate for the GOP has, as I have said, where I hate ANY Republica "
"Context: Vu Le of  told his personal story as a Vietnamese immigrant child and how #nonprofits helped his family."
"The shift of Vietnamese students to Canada marches on, writes Ashwill. #highered #Vietnam #Canada "
"Vi Nam (C) H Quang#vietnamese #Vietnam #Hanoi "
"Met Vietnamese pho kun je eindeloos vari: smaak, aroma &amp; textuur komen in dit gerecht perf samen! "
" : #Malaysia jails two #Vietnamese nationals 19 yrs and 6 yrs respectively for illegal possession of #tiger parts n other #wildl"
"Romanian truck driver who smuggled 21 Vietnamese into Britain inside refrigerated traile... "
"The V Live upload of #1THE9 Wonderland now has English, Thai, Spanish, Indonesian and Vietnamese subs! You can wa "
"and did not violate their terms of service, and they wiped his balance. All my friends who won that game also repor "
"  I know tagging you guys will annoy you, but I need to raise this issue to you. HQ has be "
"         "
" M t c 's Vietnamese"
"Just saw one of the  I should know in the Vietnamese market. We made eye contact then  quickly looked away "
"     There will always be plenty of excuses for more w "
"About half of my neighbors speak Spanish at home. A couple speak Vietnamese. I hear people speak a variety of langu "
" : New national study shows why #OUSD #APISA #AsianPacificIslander program is needed to help #Vietnamese #Cambodian #Lao #Mien"
"Well today started with me getting a late start waiting for my daughter to finish pooping I gonna have Vietn "
"Vietnamese, egg, nuts, craisins, fruit, fruit dessert, veggies, meat"
"Deals  Temasek picks up shares worth $29m to hike stake in Vietnamese unicorn "
"Already in Battersea and Hackney (and coming to North London) - Taster delivery runs to 3 kitchens serving up Korea "
". Asked her mother what the word for privacy is in Vietnamese, her mom responded it depends on the con "
"Do you want to eat Vietnamese food? "
" : Awesome podcast on how the  brand exploded with   #Vietnamese Coffee http"
"Vietnamese shrimp and rice noodle salad! #yyt #buysocial #eatlocal "
"VIETNAMESE CORNER OPENS IN TBILISI MUSEUM"
"New national study shows why #OUSD #APISA #AsianPacificIslander program is needed to help #Vietnamese #Cambodian "
"If someone is wrapping themselves in the South Vietnamese flag that's probably a sign our politics aren't going to work, right?"
"Ti v c n v G ch cho chu | Chuy k b nghe #youtube #youtuber #Vietnam #vietnamese "
"HUGE Vietnamese Street Food Tour in Hanoi, Vietnam! UNBELIEVABLE Street Food in VIETNAM #travel #food"
" : WOW hasn time just zipped by! Our March residency  is coming to an end :(  week is your LAST CHANCE to eat"
" : conical Vietnamese #jieun #familyeun  "
"The one time I see someone without eyelashes.. OMG YOU LOOK ASIAN.. yeah my .0006% Vietnamese is really shinning through"
" she a vietnamese. she plays it in a kind of vietnamese traditional music called cai luong"
"Okay, I've been mistaken a Vietnamese several times for 4 days. They thought that I am only a silent type. Little d "
"Having read Marguerite Duras novel L and visited Duras in France, loved visiting the Vietnamese house today "
"Haven had caffeine in months and today I decided to make Vietnamese coffees and it either going to be the best "
" : How gorgeous is the new Vietnamese edition of China Rich Girlfriend? The #CrazyRichAsians trilogy is now available in"
" Damn hadmy Vietnamese Dong lined up n everything I keep it"
"An Ancient Vietnamese Male Soldier - AnnamEroInk  an colored version of my exercise in Human Drawing class. "
"Me trying to defend against Vietnamese teams on corners "
" Vietnamese people are studying hard. I'm saying that."
"I feel like crying every time I eat Vietnamese foods here"
"Vietnam is perfect for a family holiday. Explore vibrant cities in #Vietnam or cruise the Mekong river, before endi "
"Vietnamese coffee C Ph S   "
"Happy Vietnam's Sport day  #atwteam #fslife #freestylefootball #freestyle #bongdanghethuat #freestylestuff "
"*KPOP IDOL Try Vietnamese Snacks* What is the best snack in Vietnam?! ... "
"'I prefer the Vietnamese cookies' #nenehisms "
" :   Please read my tweets I had tagged you on, so much Vietnamese Rexhars wanna buy your merch and join the"
" : [cw for food!]  made a meatless version of my mom vietnamese thit kho &amp; am about to own myself with spicy asparagus"
"Congrats communities and ! Cambodian indigenous communities win back their sacred land from Vietnames "
"Today we had Vietnamese mussel &amp; buckwheat noodle salad as part of our Wednesday Special. Thank you  an "
"March 27, 1969: Despite the change in administration, the new Secretary of State is underestimating North Vietnames "
" : Who's your favorite leader or mentor? Order #onparr now at: #Ameri"
"Danh s d  li k m v c Th ph Boston theo t s c d v c ng ph bi nh m c d "
"Police nab Vietnamese mother of baby found by... | Taiwan News "
" tbh, i wrote it in vietnamese so maybe i will try to translate it into english hehe"
"  Please read my tweets I had tagged you on, so much Vietnamese Rexhars wanna buy your merch an "
"The Three Little Pigs! In their FURever home at ! Pearl, Zoe and Pudge our for a walk. Pearl and Pu "
" : Finally finished this! Meet my newest OC - Yen (Vietnamese - meaning Calm / Woman of peace / Peaceful) -  - She's just a lit"
" : Newest member of the family has arrived --Ten Things in Vietnamese! Also on the way in the next few weeks: Spanish, Arabi"
"The Three Little Pigs! In their FURever home at the farm. Pearl, Zoe and Pudge our for a walk. Pearl and Pudge are "
"My childhood dream comes true. I craving for going someplace where no one speaks English nor Vietnamese. Walking "
"My boss and I were talking and he started speaking vietnamese and said, damn I been knowin u for so long I thought u was vietnamese "
"life in rio de janeiro was never fantastic, but it was good enough for jack, a vietnamese woman. but their world is "
" : Oh my GOD me and robin we watching the new rupauls drag race episode and Oh my gOd I don remember his name but HE WA"
"Pancakes are Vietnamese pancakes with shrimp, beans,  pork very crispy  outside and more balance taste  when we use "
"Your lunches delivery to your offices  #vietnameserestaurant #vietnamesegrill #annam "
"190324 - Poop Caf i went to this Poop Caf (established by Vietnamese) in Toronto lol apparently my type of hum "
"Romanian truck driver who smuggled 21 Vietnamese including children into Britain in coffin-sized holes in his refri "
" Please help to remind all armies to not get SCAM from these group vietnamese fansite!"
" : #mono iTunes    #4., thank you vietnamese armys."
"Vietnamese coffee hit different"
"#GirlOfTheDay Anais is an amazing cooker that also loves to collect stamps and postcards from different countries. "
" : H qua c ai  b k n#Vietnamese #VietnamU23 "
"I want Vietnamese food soooo bad. someone take me tf home."
"Pho Mile: A History Of Hackney Prolific Vietnamese Culinary Community -- "
"An environmental activist was kidnaped by the Vietnamese police  in #Hanoi this morning just because of speaking up "
" :   I have questions! Mammals? Speaking Vietnamese? "
"Deprived of citizenship, the Vietnamese of Cambodia live on the edge of society "
"Cambodia has returned land taken a decade ago from indigenous communities for a Vietnamese company's rubber plantat "
"Just Pinned to Instagram: This post was reposted using .instasave.app  #theinstasaveapp  HAPPY BIHDAY to our "
" And Vietnamese pot bellied pigs might fly"
" Aww you welcome! But don ever feel bad about it, Northern Vietnamese culture is just as rich as So "
"Combined #southeastasia and #Florida. #vietnamese Buon Me Thuot coffee, over easy egg with Florida chicken and rice "
"iPho, serving lovely Vietnamese classics: Pho and Crispy Fried Chicken and Tomato Rice #canberra #australia "
" Vietnamese lyrics are so deep"
" : Everybody gangsta until the trees start speaking Vietnamese"
"  I have questions! Mammals? Speaking Vietnamese? "
"Speaking to  on the lorry driver sentenced for smuggling 21 Vietnamese migrants hidden in wooden crates, "
" :  ( Moi Vietnamese Grill) #Yelp #Yelfie "
" : Moi Vietnamese Grill  "
" : I added a video to a  playlist #10 Moi Vietnamese Grill"
"So sultry.  So in love. This curl pattern is to die for. It's extremely lightweight, trendy and beautiful. is "
" : A human story...and US acquired a Vietnamese delicacy! "
"Checked into a Ohio hotel yesterday. Clerk asked for my name. Last two Ohio hotels got it wrong. Nguyen, I said. "
"I've played vietnamese translated pokemon crystal like 4 times now and this always gets me "
" : Vietnamese food is made so you will feel good after eating. How much food in the USA honestly makes you feel good after e"
"perfect last meal before i die: spicy &amp; soy garlic korean fried chicken (flats only), olive garden fettuccine alfre "
" :  A good example is if you look at when Ugandan and Kenyan refugees came to UK and surge in commercial en"
" I also want to like ARMY but I can't.....I'm a Vietnamese ARMY. HELLO BANGTAN"
"Screw it I going to go make myself a Vietnamese iced coffee "
"Vietnamese food is made so you will feel good after eating. How much food in the USA honestly makes you feel good after eating it?"
"The Apartment SeungRi Received From Vietnamese Businessman Is A Modern Day Palace #bigbang #seungri"
"Of my female friends:  is Kurdish  is Vietnamese  is Hispanic  is Indian  is Pakistanis is "
" Can I have some money, I am but a poor Vietnamese rice farmer. "
"I using this Vietnamese food delivery app and they ask you what notes you gonna pay with so they have exact ch "
"Pok Vietnamese Crystal"
" : Going over the Vietnam War in U.S. History, and instead of actually teaching us the things that mattered about the war, my"
"Ah pengen bgt vietnamese coffee udah lama ga minum ituh:( pen beli tp terdekat adanya kopi aceh wkwkw pfffttt"
" Maybe he should try Chinese, Japanese, Italian, Vietnamese, French or any other non-American menu!"
"We've got three amazing beers dropping to tickle your tastebuds with tomorrow! And maybe some limited edition Tees. "
"    where are you???"
" A good example is if you look at when Ugandan and Kenyan refugees came to UK and surge in commercial "
" Oh nice to meet you am Vietnamese CARAT and i am fan Joshua too speak English is bad :&lt;  But I'm "
"THE CANADIAN GOVERNMENT IS DOING EVERYTHING RIGHT:  The shift of Vietnamese students to Canada marches on -  "
"Japanese, Vietnamese, Chinese (Mandarin), Korean, and perhaps French? "
"  Do you know any of your Vietnamese brothers and sisters? are a lot of us who ha "
"Giao th VN: Th ch r r tr  ph "
" :  Trees are speaking Vietnamese sounds about right. "
" : All the greens....#vietnamesefood #vietnam #foodporn #food #foodie #pho #instafood #vietnamese #delicious #saigon #c"
"OTD in 1965 South Vietnamese forces conduct combat operations in Cambodia"
"Vietnamese tea leaves teh Vietnam Stock pemesanan dan price list lengkap, KLIK: "
"WATCH:  Kim Jong Un meets Vietnamese leader after US-North Korea summit collapse ://t.co/RF0Sk4V0Df "
"conical Vietnamese #jieun #familyeun  "
"Ford MS is hosting a Family Engagement Night for our ESL families on Tue, April 2nd from 5:30-7:30. Come learn abou "
" : Findings from an RCT in 2 Vietnamese hospitals indicate that technological advances in rapid diagnostics technology, in the"
" Trees are speaking Vietnamese sounds about right. "
" this is so disheartening to read as a viet lesbian. im sure the gay vietnamese people appreciated being bombed"
"Russian Chinese Arabic Hindi Vietnamese, ,         .= "
" : Two Chinese and Vietnamese enterprises aim to jointly build a transnational agricultural supply chain while the Belt and"
" : Ch Ba V:   Th Minh  b c ch "
"GOOD NEWS!  a victory for Land &amp; #EnvironmentDefenders, 12 indigenous communities in #Cambodia won back th "
"So  made me try vietnamese coffee from Wildflour and i am shook. Literally. Im shaking"
"Found this on FB. An old photo of Fidel Castro in solidarity with South Vietnamese soldiers against imperialism. "
"I wanted to make myself an iced Vietnamese coffee but then I never got the time now it nearly night and if I drin "
"[New blog post] [in Vietnamese only] G 3 n sau khi tr v, gi t m c th n nh l n - C  nh, "
" If only it were a Vietnamese Restaurant, it could have been Pho Working"
"Kinh t   disgusting qu.   Outrageous danh   Disgraceful Vietnamese "
" THREE BEER THURSDAY!   us at 6pm tomorrow for first pour of: Mail Order Martian  % Oat Cream DDH IPA "
"I'm at Vietnamese Barbecue in H Ch Minh "
" Pretty Bird. Oh Mai for banh mi. All Chay is vegan Vietnamese. Eva's Bakery &amp; Les Madeleines bakery. Lone "
" first off, they were supposed to be half korean half white but lj is played by a vietnamese woman, ma "
" Tian Van Lunc sounds more Vietnamese (tonkinese) than Chinese."
"Does serving only Vietnamese sandwiches at a Jewish party make it a Bahn Mitzvah?"
" : A Romanian HGV driver, who smuggled 21 Vietnamese nationals into Newhaven inside a refrigerated lorry, has been sentenced to"
" :   Indon, Bangla, Pakistani, Myanmars,Thais,Vietnamese turned Msians would vote Rosie NutJib &amp; of course"
" 17 Die herdenking moet gevier word na sonsondergang en voor sonsopkoms (Eksodus 34:25):: "
"17 - Die herdenking moet gevier word na sonsondergang en voor sonsopkoms (Eksodus 34:25):: "
"learning obstacles of vietnamese students in "
"BBC News Ti Vi - B  VN 'kh c l Th Lan l th ' "
"  Just more racist garbage coming to light. If the fire was near bellaire, I'd totally understand th "
"BBC News Ti Vi - Gi l ph M gi thi d lu t quan h v  Loan "
"BBC News Ti Vi - Quanh v LM L Ng Thanh g b v L H 'r S G' "
"BBC News Ti Vi - V ph ph l , gi s  h Thanh Hoa b c d "
" What about transgender Vietnamese drama teachers?  Are they bankin or what.   kissing the teacher "
"TCEB Roadshow in Hanoi to Lure Vietnamese MICE Travelers, Offer Fly and Meet Double Bonus Redefined campaign to att "
"This is awesome!  Former Vietnamese refugee moves back to Hamilton to build a high rise | CBC News "
" : #HalongBay, in #Vietnam.  to an ancient local legend, the gods sent a family of Dragons here to defend the Vietname"
" Pity there is no Vietnamese government agency here. I sure they don want appalling people like this "
" Interesting, in general I am not a fan of Vietnamese sandwiches at restaurants, but I couldn't resis "
"V ph ph l , gi s  h Thanh Hoa b c d "
"Today I attended the first ChildFund Pass It Back Cup in Tokyo.  &amp;  have brought a group of V "
"Whites just love our Vietnamese-style yoghurt bun bo hue with turmeric pesto."
" : Xang moved from Laos to #NOVA for medical treatment w/ her Thai &amp; Vietnamese parents. Today, she works internationally"
" They have assisted the Communists in killing South Vietnamese people, helping them invade Vietnam, a sovereign state."
"      I've heard you use "
"ENLIGHTEN TOUR - GOURMET VIETNAMESE FOOD! would not believe how incredible and fresh the food has been on this "
" My mom's clinic when I go pick up her meds...they speak English, Spanish and Vietnamese."
"Reminder of a July 2016 incident where the Chinese Coast Guard allegedly sank a Vietnamese fishing boat and forced "
"Vietnamese woman traced after abandoning newborn://t.co/aU3lPhKJux "
" The Vietnamese make better donuts"
"Had my first Vietnamese sandwich in months and now I feel sick bye"
"Why are Vietnamese authorities so wary of Hmong Christianity?  to understand. Christianity is like bubonic plague."
"Having a cup of Vietnamese coffee  in front of the beautiful Xu Huong Lake #TakeABreak #VietnamTrip "
"Vietnamese caramel pork belly is going down a treat in the Food Village today! #FoodatDMU "
" can we please urgently turn your mum attention to explaining #Brexit via Vietnamese proverbs?"
"Swap your favourite fajitas for some b x this week, with Rich Harris Vietnamese pancakes. Aromatic vegetable "
" Cicero used stoicism to cope with the death of his daughter (or tried). Seems like actual suffering "
"Vietnamese producer reveals local PVC offers for April #plasticsnews #PVC"
"G Cu Cafe lives up to its name and serves up a delectable G Cu (summer rolls) to rival their  Vietna "
"VIETNAM -  EU- VIETNAM FREE TRADE AGREEMENT (evfta) and COMPREHENSIVE AND PROGRESSIVE TRANS-PACIFIC PANERSHIP "
"Did you try Vietnamese egg coffee?  got it in Toronto now  Coffee Dak Lak#coffeeholic #vietnamesecoffee "
" : The Vietnamese Government has become the first to make specific pledges of action to meet the road safety SDG target "
"COMMIES AFRAID OF BABY JESUS.     Why are Vietnamese authorities so wary of Hmong Christianity?://t.co/JNNyysphvz"
" : Cap: Jungkook has reddened eyes Why are you crying?: As hyungs approach, he burst into tears Are you crying? Oh he is"
" : [C NH 27.03 ]               STREAM+  : 482.1M+     ( 17.8M N ): 523.9M+: 676.7M+"
"  5ting "
" : 17 ng n, m ghi thi ch ng nh TT TT  stream, d t c gmail b c  k v k BANGTANTV v ibig"
" : V....  qu nhi v #FAKELOVEto500M  n l ch ta ph d s v MV m r, tranh th  em n l"
"   v ch?? Ai g cho m v TT"
" : Hot days are just around the corner. Here's how they cope with the heat and humidity in #Vietnam!#blackriflecoffee #c"
" : Y sao cho h  h   video trong DVD LY in Seoul, v 1 l nh bi di m anh  kh r c th c"
"Me na pasosyal: guys, treat ko kayo ng Vietnamese coffee "
"  Indon, Bangla, Pakistani, Myanmars,Thais,Vietnamese turned Msians would vote Rosie NutJib "
" Say HELLO in Vietnamese like a native! Learn here: "
"is an irrational fear or Vietnamese soup a phophobia?"
"Minimalist House / 85 Design "
"  I meant Vietnamese  hungry, so don judge me based on that mistake."
" : Vietnamese naval ship in Malaysia for exhibition, drill "
"Everybody gangsta until the trees start speaking Vietnamese"
" : [ WEIBO ] JUNGKOOK'S POST :'  --- t qua tui  h v tr, m qu n l  ng lu kh l"
"Vietnamese cement sales increase 4% in 1Q19 "
" : [ BTS X MATTEL UNO ]  gh h  b b n ch run l b qu #ARMYSloveMATTEL   realUNOgame"
" : MIC Drop, ARMY!  the first time ever, we're thrilled to show you the line of #BTSxMattel fashion dolls! Take a look at V, S"
"  Yubbb"
" : Mattel's BTS doll collection is here! "
" :      # # #BTSWORLD #BTS "
" : finally  #RM #HONNE "
" : [#] MMA   !        ? #("
" : Ti t  V-ARMY c tuiiii  t t acc v vote nh, c 1 m #2 th, ALL KILL  ch #BTS_Soompi"
"We are officially the laughing stock of the world. #brexit disaster being reported on vietnamese news !!!"
"pada senja yang singkat rasaku lekat, manisnya gula, pada pahitnya kopi. tiap tetes vietnamese drip yang "
"Police nab Vietnamese mother of baby found by Pokemon player in New Taipei mother being questioned by p "
"Visit "
"Vietnamese Spring Rolls at #zaovietnamesebistro ....#foodie #foodcravings #foodiesofinstagram #foodporn  Zao Vie "
"Cambodian indigenous communities win back their sacred land from Vietnamese rubber devel... "
" : Barely monthly Hanoi observation #5? Vietnamese festivals are crazy #daoxuanfestival "
"Is this the Chiffons or are you speaking Vietnamese? "
" :  And if you have more time today, do check . They publish beautiful books and run a translation journal AJAR."
"  Not sure you'd have too much to worry about with Thailand either after the way they slump "
" Tourist visa  Vietnamese "
"vietnamese food ()"
" Tour #mufc  Vietnam  now  #ICC2019  #MUTOUR  Atifan #mufc Vietnamese"
" Here is someone who REALLY rescued somebody:  Thompson, US marine who turned his guns on othe "
" species under threat, business community can make a difference by taking a stance against wildlife traffickin "
" Oh dear, wrong headline again: WHEN USA invades a country, drops more bombs than in ALL of WW2, us "
"  English: porridge: Joke: bubur: Zhou : Ch amazing "
"Are you getting hungry? Check out our Food Village menu today! Try our Vietnamese caramel pork belly or Pak choi an "
" :    Both Conservatives &amp; Labour are to blame. Mrs Thatcher was elected in 1979 with"
"My boss asked me to do a cover class because one of the teachers in our centre quit! But she got a demo teacher in "
" Namaste is one of our favorites! Also Huong is some good Vietnamese, just across the street; Ranchero Kitch "
"   But that not technically possible. If she spoke Vietnamese and didn translate for V "
"11 Authentic Vietnamese Dishes To Eat Before You Die | Travel blog showcasing the best travel Destinations for budg "
" It called  in Vietnamese "
" : : Guide for PC : H d d cho PC  Yoon Seongie's PR video watching Guide: "
"A soldier rescuing Vietnamese children. See more: "
"Skip ordering takeout tonight and make an Asian-inspired recipe at home! Chinese-, Thai-, Vietnamese-, and Japanese "
"Skip ordering takeout tonight and make an Asian-inspired recipe at home! Chinese-, Thai-, Vietnamese-, and Japanese "
"   Maybe because she does not speak either of those languages?  Or maybe because neither o "
" Haha I know there Vietnamese version somewhere"
"listening to possibly the worst comic book review i have ever heard about Neonomicon;  have metalheads, drug us "
"33. P.S. If somebody can translate this text into Vietnamese, Thai, Japanese, Chinese, and many other languages use "
" : READY STOCK  Coffee and drip #Vietnam #kopivietnam ready stock Phuc Long Stainless Steel 110K"
" : Chaired my last Lien Viet Housing Assn meeting this evg as we prepare for a transfer of undertakings to  by end"
"We see our clients as collaborators; combined with our Vietnamese production facility, our French sales office give "
" : use the ideas in pictures of  to make this picture (I'm Vietnamese) "
" There are a lot of Chinese, Vietnamese, Japanese, Serbian, &amp; many more multi-lingual citizens of Harr "
"All Vietnamese florists and flower lovers are invited to download the free Floral Fundamentals App. Floral Fundamen "
"Just did the barefoot dash to get my Vietnamese takeaway from the hotel lobby - it 10pm in Aus - and I gonna dr "
"wish i had some spare money lying around so i can do a DNA test just to find out that i'm probably 99.7% vietnamese"
"WOW hasn time just zipped by! Our March residency  is coming to an end :(  week is your LAST CHANCE "
"She got me to eat Vietnamese food, which I avoided for years. My pho was actually really good.  had such nice c "
"London has a new delivery-only kitchen company Taster with dishes created by a two-Michelin-starred chef "
"READY STOCK  Coffee and drip #Vietnam #kopivietnam ready stock Phuc Long Stainless Steel 110K "
"#Vietnamese is the most widely spoken of the #Austroasiatic #languages with 96m speakers, mostly in #Vietnam. Tod "
"The MOT renovation is sleek and nice enough, but on a note of personal disappointment, they got rid of the Vietname "
" : this was based off an instagram post about a rad as fuck fashion show at a vietnamese high school !! the theme was abt saving t"
"How To Use a Vietnamese Coffee Dripper - explainer by an expert barista in Hanoi, Vietnam ://t.co/PJm80LMU6v"
" : Vietnamese Cat Runs For Father of the Year Award With This Lesson On Parenthood And Everyone Loves Him "
"   You do realize once  is finished with the Chinese, the Vietnam "
"Blast from the past. Sino-Vietnam War...captured Chinese soldier...: A Vietnamese woman "
"She is known as the mysterious beauty where your usual concept of the average beauty standard is completely new tow "
"Tier 1 (Entrepreneur) entry clearance refusal based on 'genuineness' overturned for Vietnamese client following Adm "
"I thought most Vietnamese food was served with chilli on the side? Like they leave it up to you how much you want i "
"Hi guys, won be open today, but back as usual for Thursday &amp; Friday. menu willl be Vietnamese curry "
"2012 features a commissioned piece by Vietnamese-born illustrator, Tran Nguyen  Tran is an award-winning artist wh "
"#Cambodia in an 'unprecedented' move returns land taken from indigenous people for a #Vietnamese company's #rubber "
" Im vietnamese"
" I bet the Vietnamese are really cut up about that."
"10 days here I been called Korean, Japanese, Chinese, and Vietnamese. Anuna"
" breeding in Viet Nam has provided food for millions since the country UPOV membership  the associated pro "
"Videos of this incident appeared online. The journalists spin. I was given reason to believe the family are Vietnam "
" LOOL its amazing, I didn't have the one in the pic but general looks like that. It's a famous Vietnamese dish"
"*KPOP IDOL Try Vietnamese Snacks* What is the best snack in Vietnam?! (2 idiots)   "
" : See you this Friday in Heaton Moor! #Repost  with ++ THIS FRIDAY AT NOOK ++ Mama Chus Ki"
"New Post: 4 Sisters Vietnamese Restaurant Coming to Bladensburg - "
" Vietnamese hat hahahahahh"
"One of my math teachers is Vietnamese and she isn't entirely fluent in English and sometimes it leads to some very "
"A Vietnamese website recommends kids science books, with my Destroy This Book In The Name of Science listed first. "
"When Kim said there was too much Dill seed and Vietnamese Coriander on this Cinsaut from #Kakheti  I was like, I actually prefer it."
"My first time eating banh mi, and it wasn't even in Vietnam  What's your favorite food of Vietnamese cuisine? Cons "
" :          "
"#Vietnamese 2019 milled #rice exports expected to total around 5 - 6 million MTS (Vn.) "
" : MCA stands with DAP's Ramkarpal Singh in questioning the Attorney General's (AG) decision to withdraw the case against Indonesia"
"Vietnamese Spring Vegetables Spanish Paprika Fried Rice "
"Vietnamese promote their culture when shining in global contests: experts "
"#2Idiots*KPOP IDOL Try Vietnamese Snacks* What is the best snack in Vietnam?! ... "
" :  breeding in Viet Nam has provided food for millions since the country UPOV membership  the associated productivity i"
"Luls selama ni makan di peppermint and juz now I realised its actually a vietnamese restaurant "
" : ## #ParkBoGum # #Bloomin #Bloomin have never been to our country.  can't attend your fan m"
"Look, to be fair I Vietnamese and we don put cabbage in our slaw... or salad neither do we use hoisin apart fro "
" : Speaking of Int Day of Multilingualism,  is seeking submissions for its Vietnamese issue (bilingual CFS)."
"#design #designthinking #styles #photography #decoracion #shape #blackandwhite #business #branding "
"(from now on, I'm referring to the Vietnamese as 'Kinh', because it's the name of my ethnicity, and the largest at that d:)"
" : It's pronounced cole-slaw, not cos-law. Also, going to Vietnam for thirty seconds doesn't make you an expert in Vietnamese"
"It's pronounced cole-slaw, not cos-law. Also, going to Vietnam for thirty seconds doesn't make you an expert in Vietnamese food. #mkr"
"Japan invites Vietnamese football teams for training "
"Cambodia returns land that taken a decade ago from indigenous communities for a Vietnamese company's rubber plantat "
" hello, I am a vietnamese, feel free to ask me, I just wanna improve my english"
" hello, I am a vietnamese, feel free to ask me, I just wanna improve my english"
" : Khanh founded GreenID... "
" hello, I am a vietnamese, feel free to ask me, I just wanna improve my english"
"Speaking of Int Day of Multilingualism,  is seeking submissions for its Vietnamese issue (bilingual "
" : Good news for the day! :)://t.co/w8tR6D3DId "
"#AFCU23 #Asia #sports #football #Vietnamese #Vietnam #screenshot # # #iloveyou #screenwriting #screening "
"I just uploaded a new Vietnamese Lesson to : VIETNAMESE BORROWED WORDS #1 FOOD - TH  (FROM ENGLISH) "
"Police nab Vietnamese mother of baby found by Pokemon player in New Taipei "
"Congrats to  on her first book of essays! (link: "
"BBC News Ti Vi - Tordesillas, n th gi b x l  "
"b ch noun meaning boss in Vietnamese #Vietnamese #boss"
"Liked on YouTube: VIETNAMESE BORROWED WORDS #1 FOOD - TH  (FROM ENGLISH) "
"But did Vietnamese govt not mention the abduction so as to avoid condemnation from int'l community? "
"#Learnlight is hiring #virtual language teachers for the following languages: #German #French #Swedish #Malay "
"Vietnam's new law on Cybersecurity has garnered much attention, and Vietnamese authorities have wasted no time in f "
"#Foodies #spatime #VietnameseFood #aunthentic  and book a table or order your takeaway, CALL 0726543977! . "
""
" Thermos. Pink elephant. Vietnamese angel. T-square. Tree branch. , may just have realized why people call me ."
" Our best loved dishes right now are meatloaf, Vietnamese chicken  and orange chicken. "
" Ang hot ng uncle mong Vietnamese. "
""
"   17            ( 34:25):: "
"17 -            ( 34:25):: "
"Vietnamese human hair:+84903449354#brazilianvirginhair #curlyhairstyles #deepwavehair #virginhairbundles "
" When you will speak me, who you are... Dialogue, 1998 by Vietnamese artist Dang Thi Khuc "
"AFC u23 Q over. Vietnamese National Cup to come. On friday: Thap - Tay Ninh Gon fc - Binh Dinh Hoa - "
"Only Vietnamese kids will get the sweatshirt reference in Us "
"     Isn't it funny how every time there is a grou "
" : Amnesty International: The Vietnamese and Thai authorities need to come clean about why and how Nhat returned to Viet Nam"
"Use How Cool Brands Stay Hot by  and  to remain a relevant, appealing brand in the eye "
"So my options on MenuLog are pizza, Thai, Vietnamese or Indian... Not bad options, just not what I feel like tonight"
"I swear to God my ex is the real definition of international love. He dated a Vietnamese when he was in Switzerland "
"Good Morning at the local market with mulberry season coming for traditional vietnamese soft drink #hanoi #d "
"This is a top city in Asia for bleisure guest, discover and book now on BedLinker &gt;&gt;&gt; "
"My answer to What is the Vietnamese word for hello? "
"As a Vietnamese-Canadian, I am very excited about the development of deeper trade link between my two countries org "
"#gay #gayviet #gayasian #viet #vietboy #Vietnamese #vietnam #traiviet #gayboy #gaysian #gaylife #nude #chill "
"Voor dit noedel-soep-recept op Delicious. heb je een kilo runder- of kalverbotten nodig, maar dan heb je ook wat: "
"A child dies, survives and reunites with long-lost Vietnamese mom - TIC VIETNAM - "
"Festival honours traditional culture: Viet Nam News The 1st Vietnamese Traditional Culture "
"Quanh v LM L Ng Thanh g b v L H 'r S G' "
"WIN 1 of 3 COPIES OF VIETNAMESE FOOD ANY DAY "
" Or the fact suspect is Vietnamese the truth about diversity is   unw "
": Guide for PC : H d d cho PC  Yoon Seongie's PR video watching G "
"This Ephantus Mbare seizure was linked to a Vietnamese cartel arrested in Cote d'Ivoire in January 2018. "
"Trials n tribulations:  must complete this report for your supercomputer group in both English &amp; Japanese. "
"Temasek picks up shares worth $29m to hike stake in Vietnamese #unicorn VNG #Investment "
"C ! are not tourists. They become Vietnamese. Thank you for your help. "
" I all for a Taco Truck boo! Vietnamese you bougie!!! "
" The closest you can get to having some Vietnamese food is XO and Madam Butterfly"
"Amnesty International: The Vietnamese and Thai authorities need to come clean about why and how Nhat returned to Vi "
"Olivia Hours:9am~10pm:Vietnamese :6363 3933: 167 Woodlands Street 11 #01-09 "
"Currently drinking Vietnamese coffee because I hate myself and I constantly making poor decisions:)"
"China invaded northern Vietnam to  them a lesson for attacking the Khmer Rouge and joining USSR side of Si "
"n e gay stan plastique tiara and support her on drag race she's vietnamese oof"
"  I thought for a sec he said Oh my god on vietnamese"
"M: D ch  m qu Obamacare t Donald Trump "
"  school is a test of merit.  If thats the best law education thats not a bias.  These day "
" And if you have more time today, do check . They publish beautiful books and run a translation "
" : #vietnamese "
"Vietnamese and Thai authorities must come clean about journalist "
" : #Cos"
"  US takes the cake for world aggressor, along with Britain... I wonder if the US rapproc "
" America's largest naval base in this part of the world is in Diego Garcia. Which is in the Indian Ocean. "
" : Ivan Melnikov met with leadership of the Vietnamese  diaspora in Russia://t.co/uW8Kfq4Soh"
"You can order through : "
"Hello, I want to share the cover of Nh Thuy first book of essays UN , with translation by Nguy-Ho "
" : On this day in 1968, U.S. troops slaughter as many as 500 civilians in the South Vietnamese villages of My Lai and My Khe."
" &gt;&gt;Ku calls for an unlimited apology to Vietnamese victims first and also recognition of wha "
"  Nothing happens in Manhattan Beach when I wear a MAGA hat other than cowards yelling at me "
"That Vietnamese coffee fucked me up. Now I can sleep.. but it was good  lol"
"So sultry.  So in love. This curl pattern is to die for. It's extremely lightweight, trendy and beautiful. is "
"Quanh v LM L Ng Thanh 'r kh S G' "
"I get it their job and people have to make a living. But why are you trying to sell me stuff outside my favourite "
" s kh b qua v b c Tr Xu Thanh d c thi quan h kinh t v Vi Nam - RFA Ti Vi "
"  PRC started Sino-Vietnamese war in 1979 tho"
"Fun fact: The Vietnamese word for rabbit is . never know when you might need this information "
"Authentic and mouthwatering Vietnamese food abound at Nep Nep, Marylebone "
" she doesn't have a husband is why it keeps doing that?  is the Vietnamese language the tone thing becau "
"Just watched a white person unironically take some photos with Vietnamese tourists in kimono and saw arigatou after departing from them"
"Vietnamese national accused in Kawaguchi stabbing "
" i don't care if you go to a mental hospital i get to go to japan and that vietnamese woman is just aski "
". is BRILLIANT. Yes- there's #Vietnamese language in #usthemovie !!! :D Thanks,  "
"HOI LEBADANG - Abstract Doves Hand Signed &amp; Numbered Limited Edition Lithograph Print by Listed Vietnamese/French "
" He prob suffering from holiday blues right now ...dreaming of pho dac biet And Vietnamese Ice coffee by "
"Some of the best seafood ever in the world can be found in Vietnam. This little dish was enjoyed at a traditional o "
"Brexit: Th t Anh m ki so, Qu h t l ch kh - BBC Ti Vi "
"New CHECKLIST dataset: A new Vietnamese species of Euconnus (Napochus) with modified antennal club (Coleoptera: Sta "
"Vietnam:  warns that six Vietnamese activists and bloggers are facing long prison sentences for their peaceful "
" : Tr Duy Nh l ai? "
"Nagising ng tanghali at nagluto: Vietnamese vermicelli stir-fry, and breaded porkchop with home made gravy or tonka "
"Traditional vietnamese Dong Ho painting made by hand  #vietnam #donghopainting #vietnamesepainting #handmade "
"The Risk Team Biweekly Performance Meeting....#riskteam2019 #businesslunch  Zao Vietnamese Bistro Bonifacio High "
"C th t Thaksin c bu b c Th Lan 'c s b th' - BBC Ti Vi "
"think about the tones in vietnamese always so heavy so if you say cock in english it sounds cute and all but if you "
"Vietnamese sandwich sound bomb rn.."
"I don't mind taking photos with people, but for once can it be a cute Vietnamese girl, and not one of the old guys haha"
"So, if your over 6, a pretty big person, and mildly self-conscious, a Vietnamese airport is not the best place if "
" : The Vietnamese women whose mothers were raped in wartime seek justice for a lifetime of pain and prejudice "
" :  is no single word or phrase for  in Vietnamese... it depends on context and people involved. Ri t means pe"
"Welcome back to mama tummy!! Long lost fave Vietnamese resto #pho447asiankitchen #floreat ~ Thinking of my deares "
"Commonwealth war graves at Addolorata also include several Chinese and  (Northern Vietnamese) Labour Cor "
"Vietnamese coffee still hitting "
"Do you actually live in France or are you just French?  I'm a french person with vietnamese origins, I just live i "
"Long lost meal for 3 years!! Found them at last, thanks to dear adanielle77 &amp; hubby phillipnguyenifg for finding th "
" : Vietnamese Activist Makes Top 100 Most Influential Figures in Climate Policy. "
"See you this Friday in Heaton Moor! #Repost  with ++ THIS FRIDAY AT NOOK ++ Mama Chus "
"  ,I can't go concert! can't buy album,can't buy bomb,I'm sorry to much!I'm just VietNamese,I can't go far"
" : What an awesome day it was Sunday in launching the first ever Vietnamese player Tee in . Major thanks to  and the"
"THE FRIENDLY VIETNAMESE PEOPLE of Sa Dec are some portraits I snapped walking through the market and village t "
"was always smiling and laughing. He would make Vietnamese fish sauce with a blender (lol.) and I heard one time he "
" : In Vietnamese we call cherry tomato by  chua bi.  chua means tomato anh  means small/baby  it so cute and go"
"#mono iTunes    #4., thank you vietnamese armys."
"    Most Mexican guys I've known are honest people. Pero fue viajad "
" Duy Nh "
"Really just hoping Justin Bieber is okay and makes it through his depression also fuck Vietnamese people"
"can you speak some vietnamese or are you fluent or not fluent? :)  omg no i cant speak vietnamese at all. My paren "
"Dialogue, 1998 by Vietnamese artist Dang Thi Khuc #womensart "
"Shout out to all the other 2nd gen Vietnamese like me who saw #UsMovie, stared at Zorah's shirt while trying to ima "
"This song sounds like a Vietnamese restaurant"
"Egg and coffee lovers try the new  Vietnamese egg coffee!!!. Whip egg yolk and condensed milk in a bowl.. Po "
"Hello Hanoi Vietnam. I off to explore today, excited to eat the local Vietnamese food. This hidden gem was found "
" No problem dropping tons of explosives on people from 5 miles up in the sky. John McCain was a hero. "
" I made you vietnamese coffee that you always ask for"
"Yes our families were entertained in each other homes. The Vietnamese families did not want any violence. "
" Vietnamese? "
" : A quick update on last night's City of Adelaide Council meeting: Boat People Memorial Policy Sp"
" yeah it was actually the south Vietnamese that wanted America there in the first place lol"
" that is all Ashley wishes for to be talked to by a porn star.  vietnamese porn stars?  do you know what "
"he always sounds so cute when he speaks vietnamese uwuwuwuwuwuwu"
" : Cambodian indigenous communities win back their sacred land from Vietnamese rubber developer "
" Vietnam, good Vietnamese don want to kill all infidels. I like the Vietnamese. Did you let them in "
"  LWYMMD Vietnamese version"
"Japan invites Vietnamese football teams for training  "
"Vietnamese Activist Makes Top 100 Most Influential Figures in Climate Policy. "
"See you this Friday in Heaton Moor! #Repost  with get_repost++ THIS FRIDAY AT NOOK ++ Mama Chus "
"In Vietnamese we call cherry tomato by  chua bi.  chua means tomato anh  means small/baby  it so c "
"Tr Duy Nh l ai? "
" 10/10 auf der nach unten offenen stelter-skala. gleich betritt ein emp vietnamese die b."
"#Vietnamese #Vietnam #Hanoi #escort#sarahbui#buihuong#homewrecker#escort "
" Depends on your budget: there's Teddy Roosevelt; Nescafe, Continental This &amp;  Vietnamese coffees. Te "
"What's your name?Tam.Tammy?No. Tam.Tamara?Nope. Just Tam. It's Vietnamese. looks, oc "
" Sorry guys I've been lying this whole time, our last name is actually Phoster. And we're actually Vietnamese."
"Pok Pok - (1) Ike Vietnamese Fish Sauce Wings, (2) Khao Soi Kai, (3) Kung Op Wun Sen "
"wow i finally got to use my limited vietnamese and noticed TH meant rabbit SHOUT OUT TO THE CULTURE!! thanks that "
" : Florida Grapefruit and Jicama Vietnamese Salad://t.co/oEdGL5EVSM#salad#citrus"
"Marou cacao beans are distinctly Vietnamese, coming from a half-dozen provinces in locations ranging from the "
"Our report identify six key channels through which #digitaltrade supports productivity, growth and cost efficiency "
"  Hi there! I Johnny. Vietnamese artist and cosplayer. I like to see, do casual and 3D pri "
" : New month, who this? You don't want to miss JG Domestic's Nov. Sandwich of the Month inspired by classic Vietnamese pho! "
" got nothing against no Viet cong, no Vietnamese ever called me a nigger Ali (Cassius Clay)#blackanddalitlivesmatter"
"Viaje Asean is a local Vietnamese agency formed by a group of guides with experiences and excellent command of the "
"A quick update on last night's City of Adelaide Council meeting: Boat People Memorial Polic "
"This bitch loves vietnamese cold rolls"
" : Check out EASY VIETNAMESE COOKING by Ngoc Nhan &amp; Catherine Sox, 2003, Classic recipes  "
"oh HAIL no first scene of part II episode 1 of the OA, that lady was speaking broken af Vietnamese AND didn have "
" : Apple ra m d v truy h tr tuy v th t d "
"Im really hyped for Shazam for disabled and person of color representation as a disabled Vietnamese European &amp; Poly "
" : Vietnamese Is Now the 3rd-Largest Group of Foreign Residents in Japan. "
" Heelloo! My name is MysticStars. I am a Vietnamese-american artist who drew a lot of art from fandoms "
"  &gt;when the trees start speaking Vietnamese"
"I definitely had this thought also, at pretty much every Vietnamese spot in my rotation, but especially Pho One "
"Two Chinese and Vietnamese enterprises aim to jointly build a transnational agricultural supply chain while the Bel "
"Looks like Vietnamese spring rolls but with more fillings. #manila #foodporn "
"Thank you to my AMAZING translation team. With the help of 16 volunteers from all over the world, we will be bringi "
"Vietnamese teen continues to make a splash in American Idol "
"Cambodian indigenous communities win back their sacred land from Vietnamese rubber developer "
"   Looks like it is easier to order in than to get into vietnamese place near hotel t "
" I just live a life with a very rude french and vietnamese woman."
" I have no idea I was kind of hearing things, I heard you were in a mental hospital and I began laughing "
"Vietnamese Is Now the 3rd-Largest Group of Foreign Residents in Japan. "
"#bowling #asian #asianboy #vietnam #gay #gayboy #gayviet #chill #badplayer #gayasian #vietnamese "
" #MeToo Politicalitca Representatives in DC should cover this young woman's fund me needs. "
"#Vietnamese #bbq #FollowMe #Laosfood #Thaifood #Vietnamesefood #Chinesefood  #Taiwanesefood  #Italianfood "
" : Hanoi Railway Station....#railways #STATION #hanoi #Vietnam #vietnamese #PhotoOfTheNight #travel #travelmore #travelwor"
"I wasn't raised Vietnamese, but I still Vietnamese squat LMAOOOO"
" : Hanoians practice Yoga for babies in C Gi park. Check out full video here: ://t.co/9WKrdkI7tl...#Yoga #yogate"
"Can you speak Vietnamese?. These my beautiful customers who have a lovely accent"
"Miss Earth 2018  in her work as an Ambassador of Earth Hour. She looks Happy #missearth "
"Who thought that shooting hot sticky fluids on 90lb Vietnamese twinks could have ever been straight!?#VietnamWar "
"20190325: Samantha Craggs : Former Vietnamese refugee moves back to Hamilton to build a high rise [ Allen Le Nam [ "
"Omg beautiful! And she living in Washington state!  Singer Blows Judges Away on American Idol | Idols "
" D CODE 'JAMES'  GI 10% CHO M L MUA H - that's vietnamese James "
" : Ensalada de papaya verde y Tom Kha Gai... #kiinthaivieteatery #laRoma #thai #Vietnamese #yummy "
" : today i learned that cheers! in vietnamese is YOOOOOOOOO! "
"My Vietnamese friend messages me and I trying to teach her English and it entertaining  I tryna learn Vietnamese too! "
"It really do be like that sometimes  makes no sense - Andrew Schulz - Stand Up Comedy "
"Well this Vietnamese incredibly hot women was like I don't feel like climbing into my bed. I'll just sit on his bed "
"Heard a wonderful story from  yesterday about a musician and her grandma. Wanted to check out her music, but ca "
"Bahasa, Nepalese, Urdu and Vietnamese, four of the 48 professionally-translated languages on Veganagogo - the "
"What did the Vietnamese wear to the club? bottom jeans, boots with the pho"
"Romanian truck driver who smuggled 21 Vietnamese including children into Britain in coffin-sized holes in his refri "
" : My mom is writing her talk for Vietnamese and is giving it this Friday at mtg. She asking me if her ending sounds go"
"21. Other Languages I Speak-Vietnamese (my first language)"
" biggest argument was that the LGBTQ community didn exist in Vietnam, says Nguyen.  a Western disease. "
"Vietnamese coffee cold  refreshing #RichmondMoments "
" g s x ra khi tu s d Phanxic c m tri ?- V tu s s cho ! Click v h  xem th! "
" What do they drink? I had a Vietnamese friend that drank Canadian Club whiskey with ice in a 44 ou "
" : Kazakhstan v ki ngh kh b th  nh t l t Nursultan "
" h l l :) #BTS#BTSxMattel #BTScomeback #bangtanboys #Army#bangtan#ami#Vietnamese "
"Somehow, my phones keyboard got set to vietnamese"
" :  dining experience redsparrowsg with a menu featuring authentic Vietnamese cuisine. They are having this ongoing"
" :     "
"today i learned that cheers! in vietnamese is YOOOOOOOOO! "
"yt girl: these south east asian guys kept hitting on me: oh? vietnamese? indonesian?: ..yeah....: ...but also like. indian"
" dining experience redsparrowsg with a menu featuring authentic Vietnamese cuisine. They are having thi "
" Vietnamese ppl too sksjsjsj"
"Please watch my youtube video about Vietnamese New Year 2019 in HOUSTON, TEXAS. Thanks! L  PH T K H "
"You don't suppose the whole Mueller investigation was just another North Vietnamese water puppet show to distract s "
"What was the role of the governments of Thailand and Vietnam when Vietnamese blogger Truong Duy Nhat disappeared on "
"Vietnamese fresh seafood | How to Fillet a red Grouper Fish ://t.co/jM5U5ohT5z"
"  A man fighting on his home soil isn't a Terrorist.. He's a Defender of his home.  The Ameri "
"the letter r in vietnamese is pretty fun bc you hear all sorts of pronunciations of it"
"feels pretty lucky that vietnamese has both // (which is dying but like remains in some accents for some people) a "
" : The songs of the Beatles have shaped my Vietnamese family's life "
"Vietnamese Ice Coffee... "
"Is it a PLC to learn Vietnamese, Korean, and Thai at the same time? I don't know but I'm having fun, so that's what counts, right?"
"Not at me wanting cool writing written on me too but being Vietnamese means I use English letters so it doesn hav "
"   Would be good to read some brilliant Vietnamese proverbs on Twitter ..."
" Lol not really lo.. I had so many Australian born Chinese/Vietnamese friends bringing skateboards everywhere including class."
"And my voice hella nasty and im sick. I only wanted to show you how vietnamese sounds like in a kpop song so dont attack me owo"
"       "
" Nice. I not a huge fan of sriracha so I was overly skeptical.  does make me wonder about a peanut- "
"Beautiful architectured 19th century old church.Also known as the ''Big church'' among the Vietnamese society. "
" some feedback on the redesign: the new font din-round doesn't appear to support accents in all of the lan "
"Jenny's favorite soup: Vietnamese sour soup"
"Breakfast at my homestay: Dragon fruit, banana, baguette, and strong Vietnamese coffee: ca phe. Ground beans go int "
"NEW Post: My review of Com Vietnamese #RichmondBC #richmondmoments "
" Well it seems to be Vietnamese but yes...I was not disappointed. Actually pleasantly suprised."
" : Vietnamese fan of Taehyung donated $9922 for the establishment of two classrooms for inadequate children in  Bi provinc"
"#followback#Vietnamese "
"im drinking vietnamese coffee at 8:30 pm. im playing the sims until sunwoo starts rapping."
"7 original photos, #usarmy #specialforces on Op with South Vietnamese soldiers, #ebayseller link in bio #vietnamwar "
"Pho Ho is one of several Flushing spots  that I've yet to explore. After all, what's not to like about a Vietnam "
" : Miss Hoi An Vietnamese Eatery is a wonderful place to eat a freshly made lunch or dinner with serving sizes as big as y"
"ok i found it online with vietnamese subtitles for added fun"
"Vietnamese and Spanish editions to follow! "
"Miss Hoi An Vietnamese Eatery is a wonderful place to eat a freshly made lunch or dinner with serving sizes as big "
"Check out 7 Original photos Lt Carney &amp; South Vietnamese Special Forces Soldiers on Op ++  "
" SD Garage off Fairmont and University ave  , they hella Vietnamese tell them I didn send you"
" : Glad to hear Vietnamese judges from the SPC delivering presentation and responding questions from audience on court ref"
"Vietnamese monk returns home after decades in exile "
"Right now im hqppy but also craving for vietnamese food. I want phat pho :)................"
"According to #Legend... Actress, #TippiHedren is responsible for the Vietnamese Monopoly on #NailSalons which is both adorable AND racist."
"Also those vietnamese translations suck bc google translate  But I assure you they are VERY VERY similar to the Korean ones"
"Fresh Vietnamese spring rolls. Yum."
"H qua c ai  b k n#Vietnamese #VietnamU23 "
" : Need to translate in different languages? translate any documents in any languages, #Malaysia #China #JISOO Rat"
"I had a BOMB ass day. Went shopping during work hours with my homegirl, saw TWO of my favorite clients, and ate som "
" Notice the Vietnamese on the shirt? Lol"
"it is even more funny with further context live in Australia so they expect Aussie accent  countries tea "
"Vietnamese banks struggle to lure long-term capital: The Hanoitimes  Banks also need more "
"Vietnam sees rice export opportunity to Egypt: Vietnamese rice shipments have stayed in "
"Official trip to enhance Vietnam-Morocco parliamentary ties: Chairwoman of the Vietnamese "
"   He is right! We have Spanish speaking channels for those who will not learn English! If "
" : Live now: our first #USAVietnam panel, looking at the foundations of the U.S.-Vietnamese post-war partnership. "
"Awesome podcast on how the  brand exploded with   #Vietnamese Co "
"We are looking for freelance translators. English or Japanese &gt; Spanish, Italian, Portuguese, French, Thai, Vietnam "
"First pic is Vegan Bowl in West Jordan. It vegan Vietnamese. Highly recommend!! Here the recipe for the caulifl "
"Plotting world domination (writing jokes) somewhere other than a dark bunker with rising Vietnamese comedians Uy Le "
"Nathan:  do you call people from Thailand? Vietnamese? Someone help me"
"almost everybody i speak to with over the phone: wait that's your name isn't it a vietnamese name????!?: yes "
" Lock all cheater (fake refs)!!! Vietnamese = cheaters"
" Did French in college. Still remember a few things. But Im very out of practice.  after that I star "
" Laugh at vietnamese cheaters! "
"There are many ways to earn passive money on CoinHe. View details and join now to earn your passive money in Vietna "
"  f*ck vietnamese!"
"The Book Club. Now reading: Vietnamese Bike by Britt Robertson"
" It's the vietnamese version of lwymmd skkdkdk"
"  I'm Vietnamese and i want to by a full package but i don't think i can't make gr order myself :(((("
"I been studying Vietnamese for almost 2 years now yet this is my brain when someone asks me a question in Viet  "
" Nah he Vietnamese lol"
"It's Bun Bo Hue, not Pho!!!#Foodiechats #vietnamese #bunbohue #foodporn #food #vietnamesefood "
"For the next 4 weeks, me &amp; George are doing a  exchange for a local Vietnamese family. Homeschooling these cu "
" :    Reminds me of Camp Pendleton in the 70's with the Vietnamese."
"I typed this in a Vietnamese accent"
"All is better. Went for a 5km walk, Vietnamese for dinner and now settling in for some Schitt's Creek."
"Need to translate in different languages? translate any documents in any languages, #Malaysia #China #JISOO "
" :          "
"idrk how to put it into words but yeah like it just makes me so sad seeing how so many chinese/vietnamese canadians "
" I mean tbf Khoa is a -very- common Vietnamese name lmao"
"not even 11pm but i'm real deep in my thoughts rn. i'm so so so scared that my culture will die out. i am so so so "
"My mom is writing her talk for Vietnamese and is giving it this Friday at mtg. She asking me if her ending sounds "
"   Reminds me of Camp Pendleton in the 70's with the Vietnamese."
"Orange County planned new cemetery will include space for U.S., Vietnamese and Korean troops "
"had the nicest wee encounter! heading to that hosp from the other night, bt really wanted a coffee b4 catching the "
" I am not exactly certain why she said second time around is why you finally found it.  How do I prostit "
"Vietnamese Bun"
"The Vietnamese and Chinese black market exemplifies how  myth and dubious hype can encourage demand for rhin "
""
"      Vietnamese people look at you friendly"
" : #TechTuesday  #APAC is part of the exciting  and  #BUILD-IT Alliance to advance work-ready #tech"
"      Spotted  getti "
" Same in London. But nothing unites a Jew, a Muslim, a Vietnamese a Pole a Serb and a Kosovan and a "
"The very beautiful Vietnamese women 30 years old on the bed above me. Asked me if I was married..  No..... Nope. On "
"Kazakhstan v ki ngh kh b th  nh t l t Nursultan "
"lol like chi in Vietnamese means older female which is like the equivalent to noona. so I'm just trying to picture "
"Vietnam 1967: We didn't know who to trust among the Vietnamese.  Video-On-Demand (cable) and Amazon "
"M bay kh ng l Vi Nam do Viettel   ch t "
" Yes I identify as Vietnamese"
"pro tip: if you gonna follow vietnamese iced coffee with a hot broth breakfast, you better know where your nearest bathroom is"
"I need increase my palette so I can one day say I enjoyed the Vietnamese food"
" Don't forget his Vietnamese half-brother Doe No Schiff"
"BUSINESS NEWS IN BRIEF 27/3: Vietnamese airlines offer promotions at VITM National flag "
"Japan invites Vietnamese football teams for training "
"Vi Nam tu qua (23/3/2019) "
" : Now we have a proclamation honoring the Vietnamese American Community of Colorado in Denver. a quarter of Denver's Asian"
" : understanding a language and actually using it are two completely different things, and I truly on the struggle bus  s"
" : Forget the #democracysausages and get yourself a pork roll from the Vietnamese bakery in Albion Park Rail. Best $6 I"
"Watching US is the only time my Vietnamese have come in handy"
"GHPGVN c bi ph  v v ch Ba V Thi, RFA-03-26://t.co/cbt5b0rW3s "
"  Oh I see. Nice. You've traded from Vietnamese fan also? Or from other country?"
"(Relatives speaking to me in Vietnamese as I doing hw) (uncle): Are you still doing hw? With the way you stu "
"  Love this quote as a nonbinary/genderfluid pansexual Vietnamese European &amp; Indigenou "
" s kh b qua v b c Tr Xu Thanh d c thi quan h kinh t v Vi Nam-03-26 "
"        "
"Tr tr ch Ba V b  ngh  ch c ch v trong Gi h Ph Gi Vi Nam-03-26 "
" Bring the people who manage to flee the regime to the US, and grant them asylum.  maybe don "
" : vietnamese iced coffee is the absolute best kind of coffee"
"Gia  n t nh l t Nguy V H ng tuy th  ng th 12-03-26://t.co/ERJgFxs54Z "
" I love seeing Indigenous representation as a Vietnamese European Polynesian Pacific Islander Indigen "
" : New Post! &gt; Vietnamese Coffee Pancakes with Cinnamon Butter are a delightful and scrumptious meal to make for breakfast,"
"Vietnamese? wtf google "
"Hi  RCEP c c  ASEAN kh? Xu Ngh-03-26://t.co/RoGDVJtHFm "
"i'm going to die is this person pretending to be vietnamese what's going on why are they 3 kinds of asian now "
"  Reminds me of the Vietnam War years when I ended up being stationed at one point at Fort Chaf "
"Nguy Ph ch V ph Th  TPHCM b k lu v sai ph  -03-26://t.co/EUgzPIVcDH "
"   Ha ha, 120000 American soldiers dead in wars, to defend, south Vietnamese, kuw "
"Cool interesting Arabs. Inshallah is like A di  Ph in Vietnamese then, or A mi to Fo in Chinese, or Amitaba in "
"C ph c quan  di T ch ki s ph Nam b t v mua s,  tr ph-03-26 "
"Aside from the workers I the only Vietnamese person in this Vietnamese Restaurant. "
") As millions of people died from the Vietnam War, you still need to experience AGENT ORANGE - TOXIC DIOXIN - "
") VIETNAM WAR -&gt; AGENT ORANGE = DIOXIN = MOST TOXIC HERBICIDE POISON. HOLD GOVT ACCOUNTABLE FOR THEIR CRIMES AGAI "
"70 h sinh Vi b m trung t gi d  Nh l-03-26://t.co/IkBoasGYvT "
"This is PHOnomenal. Comment your best pho pun. the the video review here: "
"My edit on Vietnamese Caramelized Black Pepper Chicken with Stir Fry Veg and Forbidden Rice#forkyeah #foodpic "
"D t l  lan ra 21 t th ph, g 65.000 heo b ti h-03-26://t.co/sNpqxKQy6h "
"Diogenes (Wikipedia) for off the shoulder dresses house blessings long can a garage band tra "
"Why is it almost always the Korean-Americans, on occasion the Chinese-Americans and Vietnamese-Americans, and almos "
"I cooked this peranakan Indonesian Chinese and Vietnamese cuisines : Indonesian chicken noodle and crab rangoons tonight"
"Ph t ch Ba V Ph Th Y b ph 5 tri -03-26://t.co/F7L9rluhpL "
"The opportunity of industrial transfer has increased FDI in Vietnam with 9.1% in 2018, supported by the government "
"   I've been going to a Vietnamese restaurant. There is this waiter that looked somew "
"Nuro Mam is a famous sauce to use all Vietnamese food ..!! We made fresh very week for our pop up market stalls.. c "
"B Gi d: C khai th sinh gian l  thi c th t  c -03-26://t.co/6VeF0IzBaW "
"Decent Vietnamese  more or less underneath this place too.  "
" : 10 languages are supported: English, Mandarin, French, Japanese, German, Spanish, Turkish, Russian, Korean and Vietnames"
" tin RFA t 26.03.2019 | Ph t ch Ba V Ph Th Y b ph 5 tri ://t.co/FpVb4wS3v3 "
"     There are soooo many bich ngas in Amer "
"'s account is temporarily unavailable because it violates the Twitter Media Policy. Learn more."
"5)  Orange and other herbicides over southern and central Vietnam. My relatives have died from Agent Orange a "
"4)  The Red Cross estimates that three million Vietnamese have been affected by dioxin, including at least 150,000 "
"Man I really need to learn Vietnamese.   It killing me not being able to know if my coworkers are talking shit or "
"y ever think that you done with someone and then you see something that reminds you of them and then you just get hurt again cause me"
""
" How many Vietnamese asses has that arm been up?"
"vietnamese coffee has been my substitute for not being able to be hi high here. it is not the same. i just want to "
" Ahh!! I'll post more pics on here then! ^^  sometine soon I'll be back in Georgia and we can all get Vietnamese food!"
"2017 Summer New Men Rome Vietnamese Sandals Beach Shoes Korean Fashion Casual Sandals And Slippers Tide "
"Houston is home to a large number of Vietnamese Americans- it's the third language on our ballots behind English an "
" I hope you see this, lol. "
"Rice commissioners court colleague, Chambers County Judge Sylvia, says that county puts out information in Englis "
"Vietnamese Mango Ancho  Toast "
"Lemme tell y how my Vietnamese friends down to the Pho Shop done DID something with this damn oxtail pho!! "
"   He looks (and is) Vietnamese"
" : W/the singer from California at a Vietnamese fundraiser on 3/23/19 "
" I saw the article on the half-white, half-Vietnamese child with cancer. I recommend extending the "
" The Boers of the Transvaal. Bunches of nefarious transnational corporations.  maybe it's a typo, "
"Ban Gioc waterfall#bangiocwaterfall #bangioc #waterfall #Northvietnam #northernvietnam #vietnam #hellovietnam "
" You not Vietnamese"
"In Vietnamese we have a saying  nau thanh com roi translates to the rice has been cooked which means the bitch is knocked tf up"
" Btw, I got a Vietnamese friend who last name is Ngo. This is impossible for western language speakers. Get over yourselves."
"10 languages are supported: English, Mandarin, French, Japanese, German, Spanish, Turkish, Russian, Korean and Viet "
" it a type of vietnamese soup"
"My brother has a slick back and that is the most Vietnamese thing I have ever seen him do lol"
"Long hair#Vietnamese #hair #beauty #travel #likeforlike "
"hello in every language i know:, english, french, spanish/, korean, chinese, g "
" on the upside they have not swelled up like they usually do. maybe vietnamese mosquitos are a different type than japanese?"
" : Temasek picks up shares worth $29m to hike stake in Vietnamese unicorn VNG: "
"Temasek picks up shares worth $29m to hike stake in Vietnamese unicorn VNG: "
"WIN 1 of 3 COPIES OF VIETNAMESE FOOD ANY DAY "
" :   He sang for the #vietnamese on US forces, he tortured US captured troops with propaganda radio."
" Happy Birthday aka ch m sinh nh in Vietnamese "
" yup. we went to see Captain Marvel after work (it was amazing) and then went out to our fav Vietnam "
"  Also love what it might explore as a Vietnamese European &amp; Polynesian Indigenous Pacific I "
"Vietnamese  Do not risk your life for nothing  Australia borders are rock solid "
" : Today's  front page story illustrates the contributions and the love that newcomers have for their adopted #HamOnt"
" Vi, Vietnamese ng h th c  Ch Tr M m chi th 's c d' "
"Poor ! Running a fever and feeling miserable. Some homemade Vietnamese chao and DayQuil incoming! "
"Vietnamese Fanbase for Lisa is enormous! We will do everything to support you!!! #AceLalisaDay "
"What's your ethnicity if you don't mind me asking?  I'm vietnamese :) "
"Does anyone else find it annoying that RMIT VN staff keep addressing students as em in official mass communicatio "
"Romanian truck driver Andrut Mihai Duma smuggled 21 Vietnamese adults and children into UK: Border Force officers a "
" Yeah, I dont think they did. I just so excited he decided to do it. I didn even realize he was on v "
"A little throwback to.. short focused research to become an expert on a certain aspect on Vietnamese culture -&gt; mee "
"Some evidence that this bus came from #SanJose: the Vietnamese text. Santa Cruz buses usually only have English and "
"   As a Vietnamese European &amp; Polynesian Indigenous Pacific Islander author co "
" : There's a young boy named Ryan at Children's Hospital Los Angeles. He needs a bone marrow transplant. He needs a mixed"
"#Vietnam Fisheries Association Calls to Require #China to Compensate Fishermen #territorialdispute "
"Thit Nuong Bowl....Marinated a grilled Vietnamese pork, steamed jasmine rice, quick pickles, chopped peanuts, fried "
"Somebody in Vietnam hacked my Twitch account. It'd be totally fine if they streamed for me since everyone thinks I'm Vietnamese anyway."
"B  VN 'kh c l Th Lan l th ' "
"Arabic, Te Reo, Malay, french and Vietnamese "
"I always craving chinese, japanese, Vietnamese and thai food all the time."
"Mane this Vietnamese breakfast nasty as hell! "
"  And we are deporting Vietnamese people who came here after the war, worst administration ever."
" The Gentile's daughter is Vietnamese"
""
"#Vietnamese Death Anniversaries Unite Young and Old: #family #intergenerational #AAPI via "
"'s latest article about #VapoRub got me thinking about the times when I got sick when I was little. My "
"Lols my dad is my favorite person  there are Vietnamese pastries I like that are sold in quantities of 4 for $1. A "
" Vietnamese , i live in Vietnam"
" Shut up Vietnamese"
"  Didn't know that the Vietnamese used Galils."
"Fun fact Zander killed 6 people in Vietnam a few years ago. Not in the Vietnamese war. He literally just went to Vi "
"as a first gen vietnamese woman, this is probably fucked up of me to say... but i don give a fuck about these boat people #thewire"
"The Vietnamese-style daikon bun bo hue is so fresh today!"
"JOB; San Jose United States - Sous-Chef / Cooks / Servers / Bartenders / Bussers - Elyse Restaurant a bus: Elyse Re "
"2://t.co/UsrvUbHjKo"
"Vietnamese Cat Runs For Father of the Year Award With This Lesson On Parenthood And Everyone Loves Him "
"This issue makes me ill. I am a retired USAF medical officer and practicing PA. I have seen thousands of vets that "
"You know how people always bag on viet nail salon workers for talking shit? I always shut that shit down bc its not "
" : Good news!! ://t.co/aZRQrpuF98"
"#WritingGig Vietnamese or Spanish Translator (Milipitas) "
"How is it having a Korean/Vietnamese grandmother?"
"ay hello cute na vietnamese hehe "
" : Why this semi-erotic catdog art is on the wall of a Vietnamese restaurant I will never know I happy it is "
"My moms coworkers asked how old I was and were shook when I said 20. They were like we thought you were 13 MAYBE 14 "
" : I was really boutta quote the tweet with the lyrics when I seen it too lmao.  a plug, he Vietnamese "
"Vietnamese food truck Nuoc Mama will open its first bricks and mortar offering in #Brunswick, leasing a Sydney Rd "
"I was really boutta quote the tweet with the lyrics when I seen it too lmao.  a plug, he Vietnamese "
"First thing I making from the #elderscrollscookbook is Imperial Mushroom sauce. Which means also making imperial "
"How do neoliberals not realize how bad this looks. Oh we built weapons  that burned Vietnamese people alive in ord "
" : I need friends who like Asian food as much as I do, and I ain talkin Panda Express. I talkin Thai food, Korean, Vietname"
" : Yum. Vietnamese #coffee "
" : Olivia Chow talking about the Vietnamese boat people immigration of the 1980s, many of them originally Chinese, and have enric"
" : # %.6%%.1%"
" : I too want a Wealthy Vietnamese Man to give me a $1 Million USD Apartment. Sugar Daddies where ya at "
"         "
"If jobs with titles like Vietnamese Home Health Physical Therapist PT - Per Diem sound appealing to you, follow u "
"Bun Bo Hue Vietnamese soup noodle dish place literally only sells one item in 2 different size like "
"Xang moved from Laos to #NOVA for medical treatment w/ her Thai &amp; Vietnamese parents. Today, she works internationa "
"  Well i mean you know why the Vietnamese won the vietnam war? (Despiste they were outgun, "
"Vietnamese sandwich "
"mtl moots, do yall know where to get the best vietnamese food in mtl lmao"
" :   The Vietnamese Dual Language Immersion program and how amazing the teachers and parents are trying"
"Will try on our next time through!  : Spring rolls have sprung at Sea-Tac! Enjoy a Banh Mi sandwich "
"I learned I am *really good* at getting into the unplanned, unwritten details of chaotic environments. That what "
" : We're encouraged by the introduction of the #DreamAct of 2019 by  &amp;  and the promise it brings to"
"Here at council, crucial scoop:  says Hong Phat's the best grocery store for vegetarians in the city. "
"Vietnamese chicken wings are the best kind of chicken wings do NOT  me"
"i really think i am obsessed with the video of chris hemsworth enjoying a delicious vietnamese pho"
" : The belief that Vietnamese and Vietnam government will be changed someday is a delusion and is very dangerous. Cat meat and"
"Orange County planned new cemetery will include space for U.S., Vietnamese and Korean troops "
"Pretty similar! Chinese "
"In a Terret from #Madiran - I like tons of bagel on the nose, with loads of Zedoary, Vietnamese Coriander WD40 jammy  Puffy Farms 80pts"
"in the movie Get Out, they mentioned Banh Mi, which is a vietnamese sandwich. Then in the movie Us, the daughter wo "
"Vietnamese spicy rice noodles, fish and vegetables. #dinner "
" Street, Philadelphia Chinatown .., this Banh Mi is huge and I love it! This is the Vietnamese Hoagi "
"Now we have a proclamation honoring the Vietnamese American Community of Colorado in Denver. a quarter of Denver' "
"A vibrant Vietnamese commercial district has emerged on South Federal Blvd. In February 2014, the Little Saigon Bus "
"Vietnamese noodle soup, is preferred of flavor, Orkin says."
" : According to official stats from the Immigration Bureau, Japan has seen a record high number of Vietnamese illegally in Japan"
"on a related note: seeing as i had just watched a vietnamese movie for the first time in my life, i figured hey let "
"Starbucks hasn been doing it for me lately and I been obsessed with Vietnamese iced coffee"
"I need friends who like Asian food as much as I do, and I ain talkin Panda Express. I talkin Thai food, Korean, "
" No surprise really. I know a doctor who tells me that for the last couple of years there are huge num "
"at Pho Golden Palace Vietnamese Restaurant "
"WHAT ABOUT PEACEFUL IRAQIS, AFGHANIS, VIETNAMESE, PALESTINIANS, YEMENIS, ANY CHILD IN ANY COUNTRY EVER "
"The Four Layers of Consciousness Thich Nhat Hanh Vietnamese Zen Master Thuong Chieu said,  we understa "
"Yes!  The thai place on hastings and main (bad location) has merely relocated. They are now here: "
" Hi Julia, is that because you've had a nice bowl of pho?  We have a superb Vietnamese restaurant no "
" Vietnamese crab noodle soup with tomatoes and tofu! Try this instead of Ph! B ri. Ba Mi. "
" :  Vietnamese in the city lmfao i ain traveling"
" Vietnamese in the city lmfao i ain traveling"
" I got a Vietnamese in the city and 1 Cambodian in philly &amp; 1 Cambodian in Boston you pick &amp; choose brother"
" Never got close enough to taste. My Wife and Vietnamese in-laws love it and torture me with it though."
"I have a dummy amount of homework to do when I get home so I stopping by the slowest Vietnamese restaurant in the "
" I need that Vietnamese jeweler you got smh his gold is plum bro I needs"
" Do Vietnamese crystal that would be funny"
" Houston may have crossed the so underrated its overrated threshold. But I did have delicious Vietnames "
"#Instagram #made_mai_day #follow #me #asian #vietnamese #germany "
"#amwriting: This creative nonfiction thesis about my Vietnamese heritage is a mess.  at least I published a ro "
"[cw for food!]  made a meatless version of my mom vietnamese thit kho &amp; am about to own myself with spicy aspa "
" : Vietnamese dance crew cover PARK YUCHUN SLOW DANCE  "
"1973 Vietnamese Child Crying for his Mother Lai Thieu Original Wirephoto coupons  Promotions $22.49. Best deals C "
" : Vietnamese coffe is better than Starbucks"
"this australian's life in seoul will never be the same after they meet  a librarian. plot twist: a vietnamese woman "
" : This version may have a few twists, but it still strikes all of the sweet, sour, and spicy notes that make Vietnamese-styl"
"*cracks knuckles**puts that Vietnamese place on speed dial* "
" 75% Filipinio 25%Vietnamese"
"Vietnamese Cat Runs For Father of the Year Award With This Lesson On Parenthood And Everyone Loves Him "
" did you mean to say iced viet coffee or did u really mean iced vietnamese bc that was the premise of the dad joke"
"Check out EASY VIETNAMESE COOKING by Ngoc Nhan &amp; Catherine Sox, 2003, Classic recipes  "
" St.Paul has a great cluster of Vietnamese restaurants on University Ave by the L line. Tay Ho make "
"   your name?                                    (Vietnamese name) "
"Our take, our twist on the classic Vietnamese Ph broth but the #TokyoShabuShabu version. Who wants a taste? We l "
"Apple ra m d v truy h tr tuy v th t d "
"  support your local mom &amp; pop Vietnamese donut shops"
"Another interesting #Sinophone lecture by Dr. Filip Kraus from   'Vietnamese Migration to Taiwan (RO "
" For some reason  dab in the center has a good amount of amazing Vietnamese places and I not c "
" Aight Vietnamese place SOON"
" :  She also had a shirt that said Tho which means rabbit in Vietnamese"
"Vietnamese Cat Runs For Father of the Year Award With This Lesson On Parenthood And Everyone Loves Him "
"Good news!! ://t.co/aZRQrpuF98"
" are very happy...we are getting back our sacred lands... our struggle will not end until the company resto "
" She also had a shirt that said Tho which means rabbit in Vietnamese"
" : Minh is so hot when he yelling in Vietnamese "
" This makes me laugh -- painfully.  High tech to beat the Vietnamese, which they did NOT.  US thinking. Al "
"What an awesome day it was Sunday in launching the first ever Vietnamese player Tee in . Major thanks to  "
"   Unfortunately I didn't meet him. My wife bought the house while I was in "
"  Hey, China have a close neighbor, Vietnam. And I am a Vietnamese, but American at heart))) joke"
"Vietnamese Cat Runs For Father of the Year Award With This Lesson On Parenthood And Everyone Loves Him "
" Khazir Khan with Meg McCain, praised by hillary --  its complicated'   You folks want me to salute the t "
"26.03.2019- i moved out today! i have to clean tomorrow but i'm sleeping at my new place tonight!- quality time o "
"In brief: Vietnamese ride-hailing app set for Singapore launch next month "
"Yum. Vietnamese #coffee "
"   I was sitting in my fav bahn mi places and had a great H-town moment. Hispanic l "
" : A lorry driver who smuggled 21 Vietnamese nationals  including several children  into Newhaven has been sentenced to"
"Announcing our latest project, VOICES FROM OBLIVION, a multimedia critical exploration of Vietnamese refugee post-w "
"How come Vietnamese people love painting nature across entire sections of their ceiling/walls?"
" Banh Mis are so delicious! Vietnamese food in general is delicious! What's your favorite place to get a good Banh Mi? :)"
" : Looking to get a nice, hot bowl of soup? #SunriseInternationalMarket has you covered with our #Vietnamese #Pho restaurant!"
" I got Vietnamese food instead"
"As a polyamorous nonbinary/genderfluid pansexual having crushes on guys gals nonbinary genderfluid two spirit pals "
" Some people have toes that look to have been through a few torture sessions in a Vietnamese prison camp."
"Getting some free Vietnamese food from one of my regulars. The whole ass restaurant is empty so this girl about to "
"I was gonna go this new Vietnamese sandwich spot in the sunset until I realized they cost $8.50 for a combo?????"
" You must have NOT done any homework on McCain's life history of NO CHARACTER!  His only good work wa "
" omg u like vietnamese food too :3c"
"Minh is so hot when he yelling in Vietnamese "
"Examining the Home: the Vietnamese experience in the UK.  5th.  and explore this with me.  by "
"I believe Greg Mannarino when he says the Vietnam war was started by a false flag by the Military-Industrial Comple "
"1st time to speak Vietnamese and greeted with,  did you come back? 4 year olds are master teachers! I "
"does racism not get enough focus, and does this have to do with how old (or rather young) Thi was when anti-Vietnam "
" : Indeed, productive meetings with the Vietnamese Ministries Planning and Investment and Industry (MOIT) in #Hanoi. Excited"
"We'll try pretty much anything on a pizza once! So when we found this recipe with our favorite Vietnamese sandwich, "
"   The cold war was won without firing a shot?  Tell it to the Koreans, Vietnamese, Afghans, etc."
"Are you familiar with banh mi, the popular Vietnamese sandwich? Although the crusty bread is usually the star of th "
"James Street Baptist condo project going ahead with Vietnamese developer who has fondness for Hamilton "
"Sinema also didn't record over 20 recordings of propaganda for the North Vietnamese government. Also turns out Sine "
" : Vietnamese named among world's most influential climate activists "
"Am about to EAT this beef sammich, with Vietnamese HOT peppers!! Yum~ And I have COLD cauliflower with ranch dressi "
"  SHE IS VIETNAMESE"
"  Vietnamese sandwiches do as well. Cause french influence, so Europe also. Its tasty"
" VIDEO we take you to a Vietnamese Restaurant in Eagle Rock called Chateau Lemongrass. This place has so "
"Vietnamese for dinner "
"Th Thi 122:6-7    Vietnamese Bible:   6 H c ho b cho Gi-ru-sa-lem;      nh ai y m th "
" There's a good Vietnamese place right there, where I once had a delicious bowl of vegan pho."
"Ensalada de papaya verde y Tom Kha Gai... #kiinthaivieteatery #laRoma #thai #Vietnamese #yummy "
" dude u iced a Vietnamese person you're lucky it tastes like anything"
"Vietnamese vs. American perspectives on the context of any given moment in the war vary, along with intergeneration "
"Un bon petit Loc Lac d'apr cin  #repas #nourriture #manger #pornfood #resto #restaurant #food #vietnam "
" : 15) (Vietnamese) BTS Jin discloses how Big Hit is dividing the work schedule when preparing for comeback://t.c"
"Jailed Vietnamese Activist Nguyen Van Hoa Ends Hunger Strike "
"-x-ki- 18:4,32  Vietnamese Bible:     4 M sinh linh   thu v ta. S s c cha m thu v ta, v s "
"While I was stuck in Twitter jail, this happened last Friday after work. It is the imaginary bird called the Chim L "
" have you read the script ma (ghost in vietnamese)? new take in horror  "
" they should be ashamed . How dare they go after him. Nothing wrong with getting a handy from a Vietna "
"I should really dial in my consumption of vietnamese civet cat coffee. take note  and "
"In Vietnam today : Jailed Vietnamese Activist Nguyen Van Hoa Ends Hunger Strike "
"-x-ki- 18:4,32 :  sinh linh  thu v ta. S s cha m thu v ta, v s s "
""
" The Vietnamese place in Merrillville by the library is way better"
"Vietnamese Authorities Control Spread of African Swine Fever with the Use of Nuclear-derived Techniques "
"     Now that I know, cool I guess. I guess it make "
"Vietnamese to English Translation Services#alllanguagealliance #vietnamesetranslator #vietnameseinterpreter "
"  Lmao look at my timeline cuhz. I'm vietnamese from Inglewood. Don't play race wit me pl "
"Thank you Vietnamese Bob Ross and for Maria going with me for a hand to squeeze  "
" The Vietnamese Zen monks have a saying: before study a hot dog is no sandwich. During study, a hot dog is "
"We're encouraged by the introduction of the #DreamAct of 2019 by  &amp;  and the promise "
" :     Thank you for your hardwork. You have proved yourself the best lea"
" s kh b qua v b c Tr Xu Thanh d c thi quan h kinh t v Vi Nam "
"Th Thi 122:6-7  Bible:  c ho b cho Gi-ru-sa-lem; nh ai y m th  "
" My driver's name is apparently PHUC U. If he's not Thai or Vietnamese, then you guys have seriously fai "
"  You won be able to walk past a Vietnamese bakery today without buying a Vanilla Slice....."
"Not the most amazing Vietnamese food, but the Bo la lot were good  "
"As a Vietnamese post war refugee, racism has been a part of my life during the 80s and 90s of good leadership. Can' "
" What flavors would you like to mix? Answer in Vietnamese!: Learn Vietnamese with the best FREE online resour "
" This reminds me of a former Vietnamese student whose father is named Phuk."
"Vietnamese people are all huge soccer fans and we all hit the streets whenever the national team or U23 team wins a "
" Vietnamese Im guessing to understand all the top tier Vietnamese animeposting"
" Vietnamese is the Best"
" : This super tender, fall apart Vietnamese Instant Pot Fish Sauce Caramelized Pork takes less than a hour to make in the I"
" : We are excited about  Vietnamese desserts. "
" : Vietnamese Cat Runs For Father of the Year Award With This Lesson On Parenthood And Everyone Loves Him "
"  LOL I only dated 1 vietnamese girl"
"I tried some vietnamese food yesterday, it was decent...some grilled pork chops with soup that had noodles, bean sp "
"Vietnamese Cat Runs For Father of the Year Award With This Lesson On Parenthood And Everyone Loves Him "
"Japanese "
" : The first word I learned in Vietnamese is Longmi. You are so talented Daniel and Jimmy. I love my lashes."
"omg there is no english subtitles but there is vietnamese......guess she gonna use her brain hard to watch this"
"This version may have a few twists, but it still strikes all of the sweet, sour, and spicy notes that make Vietname "
" : Slightly annoying that laksa is now used to describe every kind of curry noodle dish sold in London, regardless of wheth"
"Just thinking Vietnamese food comes from -nom-nom. if King Kong was from there he'd be Viet Kong.#brainisfried"
"  17 The commemoration must be celebrated after sunset and before sunrise (Exodus 34:25): "
"17 - The commemoration must be celebrated after sunset and before sunrise (Exodus 34:25):: "
" You left out Irish,Vietnamese,ChineseGreek and a myriad others,that's what make ENGLISH A Roman word "
"  I just read the article and actually want to fight the author LMFAOOOO, like she just made "
"1.w.a. marron - belacan butter, Vietnamese mint. Egg noodles - xo sauce, chicken crackling, pepperberry sunda_din "
"#RECIPE (and story time)! Inspired by the lack of fresh milk in the tropics, Vietnamese Iced Coffee was created wh "
"What an inspiring story! Former Vietnamese refugee, Allen Le Nam, moves back to Hamilton to build a high rise in th "
"A huge, if incomplete, victory for the #indigenous communities in #Cambodia whose territory has been swallowed by "
"understanding a language and actually using it are two completely different things, and I truly on the struggle b "
" Feeling themselves &amp; full of evil shit. Check em don't play with them. If they want to say it,  they c "
" Oh no, I'm not Vietnamese. My dad served in Vietnam. I'm African-American, European, Native American "
"A big win today for the Jarai, Tampoun, Kreung and Kachok communities in northeastern Cambodia who we've been suppo "
" cont #2.Authored by Matt Taibbi. , 1st edition, Spiegel &amp; Grau, New York. I'll stop bothering "
"      You don. That just an obser "
" : No #Vietnamese Ever Called Me Nigger - April 9, 2019 6:30pm - 8:30pm :$12 &amp; up | $10 for #Museum"
"11 Authentic Vietnamese Dishes To Eat Before You Die. from Vietnamese pancakes to rice rolls find out what to have "
"Join us at our #HotSpot tomorrow as we celebrate #NationalNoodleMonth with a Vietnamese-style Pho Noodle Bar! "
"Think you know where to get the best Chinese, Thai or Vietnamese food? See if your favourite restaurants have made "
"i jist KNOW emma chamberlains underwear is brown and smells like a vietnamese fish market"
"Findings from an RCT in 2 Vietnamese hospitals indicate that technological advances in rapid diagnostics technology "
"I checked in at Pho Ru Vietnamese Restaurant on #Yelp "
"of all the languages in the world, I wonder why  used the Vietnamese word for  on Zora shirt #UsMovie"
"   Billions for defense a the problem...get off your can and do a body count we are t "
"These cookies are just #yummy A pinch of two special ingredients make these #chocolatechipcookies the best.  Add in "
"Little vietnamese stories #blackandwhite #Vietnam      "
" : Romanian truck driver Andrut Duma who smuggled 21 Vietnamese adults &amp; children into UK inside the modern equivalent of a"
"Vietnamese coffe is better than Starbucks"
"Cattle 'exported from Australia' killed with sledgehammer in Vietnamese abattoir "
"A human story...and US acquired a Vietnamese delicacy! "
" : The Little Saigon Business District is seeking a new sidewalk mural! The art must reflect and celebrate the strong Vie"
" Gluten free chocolate chip. Added a bit of Vietnamese cinnamon to them. Delicious."
" : James Street Baptist condo project going ahead with Vietnamese developer who has fondness for Hamilton "
"The Little Saigon Business District is seeking a new sidewalk mural! The art must reflect and celebrate the strong "
"Vietnamese Cat Runs For Father of the Year Award With This Lesson On Parenthood And Everyone Loves Him "
"James Street Baptist condo project going ahead with Vietnamese developer who has fondness for Hamilton "
"I really want to learn Vietnamese just so I can respond and catch the nail salon ladies off guard "
" Working in the kitchen of a vietnamese/southern fusion restaurant was my vietnam"
""
"Give us your input! If you were not able to join the second Alief Neighborhood Center meeting earlier this month, p "
" I've consulted the stars, they have told me you are Vietnamese."
"Embroider rice hats and paint at the Vietnamese Student Association at Purdue's Craft Event this Saturday, March 30! "
"#26_March # 1970 &amp;#8211; South Vietnamese President Nguy V Thi implements a land reform program to solve the problem of land tenancy"
"I watched Furie over the weekend!! Great Vietnamese action flick and especially loved what they did with the lighti "
"With a combined 60 years of experience in Chinese and Vietnamese cuisine, our food will astonish you. "
"our news: we must talk about the infestation of Vietnamese pot bellied pigs that nobody has been paying attention t "
" Vietnamese and have bitten into 3/4 of these"
"#Dinner - Vietnamese summer rice noodle salad  "
"James Street Baptist condo project going ahead with Vietnamese developer who has fondness for Hamilton "
"As soon as phony Peace is negotiated and US pulls out of Afghanistan, Taliban will once again take over entire Coun "
"  LOVE Insignificant Events!--also, Inside Out and Back Again is amazing, and so many o "
"Former refugee ready to build Hamilton high-rise, Hamilton Spectator: #realestate"
"Great coffee drinks and Vietnamese food specials. Looks like a great place to stay for the day to work - comfy furn "
"#Mountain top huge Amitabha #Buddha.  on the  of Vietnam "
"When you walking through the jungle and suddenly the trees start speaking Vietnamese "
"Vietnamese Phrases Diamond 4K "
"Th ph TBN n k x nh SQ B H ' li h v FBI' "
"Slightly annoying that laksa is now used to describe every kind of curry noodle dish sold in London, regardless of "
"3/26 - My favorite food would be noodles in general. Italian pasta, japanese ramen, and vietnamese pho are probably "
" I haven! But I a huge fan of their pork belly banh mi (from when they first opened in Montrose) "
" Ramen is Japanese boo! Pho is Vietnamese "
"Chaired my last Lien Viet Housing Assn meeting this evg as we prepare for a transfer of undertakings to  by "
"My Vietnamese friend got a call from his dad and they got in a really heated conversation in Vietnamese and then wh "
"When you liberal meatheads protested against the #VietnamWar, you're letting #Communist forces in #Vietnam to win, "
"Favorite food of Vietnamese "
"Meet Thuy who is Vietnamese/American as she walks home from school. Imagination &amp; courage! #BaoPhi #BasiaTran "
"    Wait, if it was *chanted* in Vietnamese, the Vietnamese di "
"The type of guy to regularly ask Vietnamese people about Ken Burns. "
"Thai curry paste, and then fry in dried noodles into rectangles and easy student version is Vietnamese noodle block was originally"
" You had the hoisin butter chicken banh mi at Les Ba'get? "
" I did have an ass-kicking banh mi last week though. "
"Former Vietnamese refugee moves back to #Hamilton to build a high rise "
"At the doctors office for a Wellness Check &amp; notice this physicians group caters to at least 20 different languages "
"Cuba Tourism Day opens in Hanoi, luring Vietnamese travelers: The Hanoitimes  The Cuba "
"A hearty, steaming bowl of homemade pho is perfect for the winter season! Learn how to make this warming Vietnamese "
"Movement  Vietnamese Straight unit colored + curled #LuxeLabelCo #ShopLuxeLabel- "
"I have now spent more time in Vietnam than Da Nang Dick Blumenthal, the third rate Senator from Connecticut (how is "
"liked S1, so I just started #TheOAPartII, but it off to a horrible start bc idk what this grandma is speaking but "
"Haven ever seen anyone cook rabbit w/ our sauce before!  did it &amp; it looks absolutely delicious! "
" : Coming soon! Atomic Habits in 30+ languages!"
" : No Vietnamese Ever Called Me Nigger - April 9, 2019 6:30pm - 8:30pm :$12 &amp; up | $10 for Museum M"
"always need me some vietnamese iced coffee"
"My mechanic said I need to eat balut to fix my family bad luck lol if that ain the most Vietnamese thing I ever heard"
" ribs braised in Vietnamese caramel sauce. "
"Vietnamese chicken (fresh &amp; free range) udon with ginger dipping sauce is one of my favorite and it quite simple. "
"Pork ribs braised in Vietnamese caramel sauce. "
"  It also worth taking into consideration who the tasters are. I didn grow up with Viet "
" Did anyone call you a stone cold loser? Say that you weren't a hero because you were tortured by the Vietn "
"  Are you Chinese or Vietnamese?"
"   Wow, the marriage of Texas BBQ and Vietnamese looks amazing!"
" Sounds more Vietnamese . Like my favourite porn star from there Dik Fuk lol"
" now wait a fucking minute.... Is this Lil Vietnamese woman's Michelle who I think it is..."
" : Here's a quick look at one of the dishes for Saturday's #streetfood #tastingmenu #pho #wagyubeef #bonemarrow canoe, start"
"We don't permit.  crime a South Korean Army soldier raped with violence for a Vietnamese lady. "
"no vietnamese cartoon character rep exists so i gotta do it myself"
"   Vietnamese people don belong on white twitter."
"   But there evidence for people leaving over the Mass, and my advisor wa "
"A Vietnam-born #developer has emerged to take on the redevelopment of the former James Street Baptist Church into a "
"my problem with horsejack bomansomething show is that a character is a vietnamese and cant even pronounce her own name correctly"
" : Hi #ArtistofSEA I'm Chi, a Vietnamese artist currently working in animation in LA. I love painting mood and characters."
"Finally finished this! Meet my newest OC - Yen (Vietnamese - meaning Calm / Woman of peace / Peaceful) -  - She's "
"people shit on instant coffee but have you ever had vietnamese instant coffee?? that stuff will have you vibrating"
"Mine high in Vietnamese sjkfsh "
"cast tim drake as vietnamese u cowards"
" : My best friend is a Vietnamese princess  shot by meeeeee "
"  When we moved to Portland it was around 1988 and I know there was some issues with Vi "
"  Liberalism in this area kicked into full gear at that point. Prior to that in the lat "
" : The Thong Song was originally about a Vietnamese 83 yr old retired karate instructor #GiveTheDirtOnASong"
"   90s Australian teen drama HEABREAK HIGH was the best show ever made. Had Vi "
" I'm sure there's a lot of dead Vietnamese who would like to clap back at your father"
" : Allen Le Nam came to #hamont as a teen, one of the Vietnamese boat people. Now he reviving a condo tower on the site of"
"  Also this report speaks on the serious need for disaggregated data among API - 88% of Tai "
"WIN 1 of 3 COPIES OF VIETNAMESE FOOD ANY DAY "
"Mobile Associate Bilingual- #Retail #Sales Vietnamese (#job) wanted in #Houston. #TMobileCareers "
"Cambodian indigenous communities win back their sacred land from Vietnamese rubber developer "
""
" : Romanian truck driver Andrut Mihai Duma smuggled 21 Vietnamese adults and children into UK "
"What are your favourite cuisines from around the world? I loved Vietnamese food! Here my list of 9 essential food "
" The Vietnamese kids who made this will have there meal ration refused"
"original oil painting, oil painting, figure painting, portrait painting, golden painting, gold leaf, Vietnamese Gir "
"*granted, in Vietnamese... but at least they covered it!"
"The Thong Song was originally about a Vietnamese 83 yr old retired karate instructor #GiveTheDirtOnASong"
"Going over the Vietnam War in U.S. History, and instead of actually teaching us the things that mattered about the "
" : Sidekick Showdown 3 goin on sooooon. Got some good NA representation going on with the players as well as our first Vietn"
" Imma put u on to vietnamese iced coffee next bitch that shit is delicious"
"Your neighborhood name for authentic, traditional Vietnamese eats. "
"they gettin me vietnamese food so i'll be okay uwu"
"3 am and I'm craving for Vietnamese pho"
"Skip ordering takeout tonight and make an Asian-inspired recipe at home! Chinese-, Thai-, Vietnamese-, and Japanese "
"The shift of Vietnamese students to Canada marches on: "
"  Keep away, strange Vietnamese man!"
"Decadence brings California-Vietnamese cuisine to this Hermosa Beach block "
"Decadence brings California-Vietnamese cuisine to this Hermosa Beach block "
"Historic Day: the #OrangeCounty Board of Supervisors approved my proposal to allow Vietnam War &amp; Korean War Veteran "
" Agreed, I didnt get that we were supposed to just figure that out from the conversation he has with h "
"James Street Baptist condo project going ahead with Vietnamese developer who has fondness for Hamilton - "
"it's been 20 years and i can still hear vietnamese coming from the foliage"
"Sidekick Showdown 3 goin on sooooon. Got some good NA representation going on with the players as well as our first "
". shows a snippet of Vietnamese culture through the traditional food they eat and how it brings families "
"The months leading up to her passing, no one could really communicate with her. It still puzzled me to this day wha "
"My great-grandma, before passing away at age 98, started speaking exclusively in Mandarin after a lifetime of speak "
" Vietnamese"
" I love what you write, but as a JoE, I take issue with the implication about voter assist forms. In "
"A Romanian truck driver who smuggled 21 Vietnamese adults and children into Britain inside the modern equivalent o "
" i read vietnamese first and i was like damn nationalist"
"My Vietnamese grandmother is my first love &amp; I think that why I rather love dominant women"
" ( Bona Vietnamese Restaurant in Minneapolis, MN) "
"i acnt stop thinking about that tweet about reading fics in ur native language being awkward if i had to read porn "
""
" In Vietnam everything else is very small concerned to that country &amp; its 95 million people there. "
"Has anyone begun to deny the fakery of Jussie Smollett by conflating his publicity stunt with the Buddhist monks pr "
"Y should hear my Vietnamese math teacher that can BARELY SPEAK English say ... cracks me up every time"
" my parents couldn't care less but mom keeps calling them Vietnamese to annoy me"
" : #Newfor2019 Chef line-up alert! Introducing  After serving Vietnamese tasting menus from her home on weekend"
"'Smuggled' truck driver Andrut Mihai Duma smuggled 21 Vietnamese adults and children into the UK. "
" :  The Vietnamese News too...://t.co/uXIjWufIcI"
"Vietnamese immigrant held after two shocking arson attacks in North Dublin #Ireland "
"English &amp; Vietnamese translation of #nekojishi comic (18).: . help from: . "
"Lecker... - isst vegan vietnamese hier: Cat Tuong "
" The Vietnamese News too...://t.co/uXIjWufIcI"
" : What a great night! Thank you to   for having me at the #DASER talk. I shared my journey as a gay immigrant"
"this was based off an instagram post about a rad as fuck fashion show at a vietnamese high school !! the theme was "
"Hot days are just around the corner. Here's how they cope with the heat and humidity in #Vietnam! "
"   Born in the USA, but I'm Vietnamese."
"Horrifying acount of trafficking of a Vietnamese boy into cannabis farming in the UK "
"Hi everyone! I am Vietnamese and new guy on Tweeter. Would like to sale something made in Vietnam - like hand made "
"Finally a Veterans Cemetery our heroes! "
" : Vietnamese coffee is like coke. One sip got me feeling awake for the whole week."
"     The radar data from multiple primary radar site "
" Vietnamese food might be the most delicious food on the planet."
"Vietnamese singer and activist Mai Khoi is coming to NYC! Khoi and other performers will be featured in the Chekhov "
"Our second #bombshell for today is , Streamer and Entrepreneur vietnamese beauty ha "
"   Democratic Kampuchea under Pol Pot, until the Vietnamese stuck their oar in."
"   I guess the youtube video of John McCain's voice reciting how well he "
"# %.6%% "
"35% done with The Bride Test, by Helen Hoang: M is part of my Vietnamese name (M Linh)... "
" I can wait!! I read it last night &amp; as a Vietnamese American, it made me feel so seen. Thank you."
"Vietnamese Cat Runs For Father of the Year Award With This Lesson On Parenthood And Everyone Loves Him "
" Sur la chaine j'ai pas le vietnamese one"
"My Vietnamese coffee looks like something that would be used to treat excessive masturbation in the 1800s. "
" : See  at The 24th Annual Asian American Showcase! 12 - 8:15 PM w/ filmmaker  in-person!://t"
" #Bundledeals #Hairextensions #Malaysian #Brazilian #Vietnamese #RawIndian 100% #Humanhair"
" : Seadrift  is a must see documentary piece about the history of Vietnamese fishing communities along the Texas"
"#Newfor2019 Chef line-up alert! Introducing  After serving Vietnamese tasting menus from her home on w "
"Red Stix is bringing its Vietnamese food to SMU and Farmers Branch "
"From my recipe book: Disabled Kitchen Recipe: Instant Pot Vietnamese Chicken Pho for Canning or Freezing reci "
"15) (Vietnamese) BTS Jin discloses how Big Hit is dividing the work schedule when preparing for comeback "
"  I Vietnamese and I ain even been to Vietnam yet..."
" Hi Mr. Schaffer, I saw your quote on Washington Post recently. I'm a reporter for Vietnamese news we "
"this doesn apply to Vietnamese or Cambodian girls it must be the other Asians  "
"Vietnamese coworker took me to a bahn mi place in Carrollton that got $3 bahn mi and yes"
" LOVELY VIETNAMESE GIRL "
" y should go to rosa pizza or dua vietnamese while you in atlanta "
"Romanian truck driver Andrut Mihai Duma smuggled 21 Vietnamese adults and children into UK "
"    At ATC handoff #MH370 is turning right, G-loading on aircraft has incre "
"C  Lazada v Jakarta r nhi v m  qu tuy v &lt;3 ng m ng  h nhi t  v &lt;3 "
"How gorgeous is the new Vietnamese edition of China Rich Girlfriend? The #CrazyRichAsians trilogy is now availabl "
"HEllo I knew you through a fic in vietnamese translated by enfindecompte on wattpad and I got to say I very  "
" As a Vietnamese, I don't think I can prepare one that looks as delicious as yours 's great to see "
" : Chinese veterans will talk about entire waves being wiped out - of being the only survivor from platoons.  They, in turn"
" #Vietnamese lovely girl "
" : Really hard to wrap one's mind around the bloodiness of that war. Around as many Vietnamese died in a few weeks in 1979 as Am"
"   Vietnamese lovely girl "
"Vietnamese fried rice with lemon grass &amp; cucumber "
"I did a shoot last week for a Vietnamese Resaurant ... and it just brought back so many memories of Veitnam. Dam I "
" Vietnamese lovely girl "
"Last summer I met this half Vietnamese girl, she was amazing and still is ...very articulate and vibrant ...and she still is"
"Vietnamese lovely girl "
"VIETNAMESE SEXY GIRL://t.co/csA0KpobvZ"
"Anyone that speak and understands Vietnamese please tweet me! I need help with something"
"   hey as a Vietnamese, i would say, not so bad? But long story short it w "
" : A Romanian HGV driver, who smuggled 21 Vietnamese nationals into Newhaven inside a refrigerated lorry, has been sentenced"
"vietnamese iced coffee is the absolute best kind of coffee"
"I going to Texas for a week :/  tf am I gunna continue my healthy lifestyle with all the tacos, bbq, seafood, "
"  6 milion Vietnamese ?"
" Yes! Long Provincial Vietnamese://t.co/70C4zBCeLJ."
"use the ideas in pictures of  to make this picture (I'm Vietnamese) "
"  Go talk to ur man and learn Vietnamese"
"Friends: it okay that English isn your first language you mess up it with Vietnamese grammar.  friends: d "
" do Vietnamese food pls . Been a while without people vs food. Love u guys from Vietnam "
"This smells so fishy that Vietnamese fish sauce is not even 1% as potent. #JussieSmollett "
" Do Vietnamese food pls"
" x #SnapPilots #fashion #people #model #models #photoshoot #woman #women #studio #canon "
"++ THIS FRIDAY AT NOOK ++ Chus Kitchen serving up some amazing Vietnamese street food from 6pm from ou "
"  Perhaps they should have omitted to say he was an HGV driver as that upsets them. The Newha "
"I surprised you didn titled it as...  has a Vietnamese Sugar Daddy "
"i wanna learn vietnamese"
" :  Looks like Bladensburg will be getting its own 4 Sisters Vietnamese Restaurant soon!  This restaurant would a welcome add"
"Anyone half Vietnamese and half white??? "
"Dang...a ding dang doooooo from Vietnamese by Microsoft... A ding dang doooooo"
"To commemorate on me reaching high school rank. I decided to draw on my main jungler B C Tinh ( vietnamese "
"They have Vietnamese lattes up at the coffee bar this week but I can't have it because I'm fasting artificial sugar "
"#Poetry for #WomensHistoryMonth  is a poem, , by the Vietnamese poet Ng T L, translated by Martha "
"Banh Cam-Sweet Sesame Seed Balls Recipe  "
" Vietnamese coffee"
"We're hiring in #FountainValley, CA! Click the link in our bio to apply to this job and more: Universal Banker 1 NM "
"You know better. Why doi smell some Vietnamese coffee! "
"Shared from Photos app video #8years #GIIFF #GARIFUNA1 #GARIFUNAFILMFEST #IndigenousArt #INDIGENOUS "
"  The Vietnamese Dual Language Immersion program and how amazing the teachers and parent "
" : Music gives Soul to the Universe, to the Mind, to the Imagination.                                         ~Pl"
"Olivia Chow talking about the Vietnamese boat people immigration of the 1980s, many of them originally Chinese, and "
"thinking of opening a vietnamese/thai place called An Thai Pho and we don't allow any Nazis."
" Ohh that's Vietnamese cuisine My country "
"I heard it is similar to hagis but not sure. Sadly not much Scottish ancestry here. Here it's French, Spanish, Germ "
"Vietnamese Egg Meatloaf (Ch Tr H) is loaded with flavour and wonderfully simple to make - via  "
"Treat Mum this Sunday! We still have availability for our Mothers Day 3-course meal. For .50 per person, feast o "
"Watching my Free  from   v  &amp; was curious about  history &amp; it a Fascina "
"Great Victory; Cambodian indigenous communities win back their sacred land from Vietnamese rubber developer "
"that's fucking it imma write something based on this narration (in vietnamese ofc bc i can't english when it comes to writing)"
" As an army, yes - not as individuals. The Vietnamese soldiers were mostly that year's conscripts - v "
"New tropical fish delivery today  the new stock list plecs angelfish peacock cichlids "
"Major victory in Cambodia!  12 Indigenous communities recover ancestral land after 10 year conflict with agribusine "
" : March 26, 1969: Over in Laos, the Pathet Lao have begun to circulate their own currency. They would in fact go on to ass"
"March 26, 1969: Over in Laos, the Pathet Lao have begun to circulate their own currency. They would in fact go on t "
"Happy Vietnamese child labour day #AirMaxDay"
" And the Vietnamese were battle hardened"
"  Do you still remember the Vietnamese fans? :)"
" We are the largest community of mobile food vendors. We've added you! Join us as a member for free "
"A Romanian HGV driver, who smuggled 21 Vietnamese nationals into Newhaven inside a refrigerated lorry, has been sen "
"Sexy Vietnamese Girl | Sexy body in Gym | Team Ass  - MaiHien Tictok  ://t.co/ClmeSLBnnx"
"A Romanian HGV driver, who smuggled 21 Vietnamese nationals into Newhaven inside a refrigerated lorry, has been sen "
"Why am I always craving Vietnamese food?"
"Chinese veterans will talk about entire waves being wiped out - of being the only survivor from platoons.  They, in "
"I been trying to learn and understand lots of adian languages but Tagalog and Vietnamese just isn cutting it f "
" I bet Chill is closer than Mendoza. At any rate, we have Vietnamese coffee just across pas "
" to Everyday I Love You -  on #SoundCloud #music #Vietnamese  #vietnam  "
" Looks like Bladensburg will be getting its own 4 Sisters Vietnamese Restaurant soon!  This restaurant would a we "
"Really hard to wrap one's mind around the bloodiness of that war. Around as many Vietnamese died in a few weeks in "
"  Cuz there are Pol Pot stans... Generally bizarro MLM-TWists decrying Vietnamese social imperialism."
"*cries in vietnamese*"
"A lorry driver who smuggled 21 Vietnamese nationals  including several children  into Newhaven has been sentenced "
"Romanian truck driver Andrut Duma who smuggled 21 Vietnamese adults &amp; children into UK inside the modern equivalen "
" Apple cider vinegar - a shot glass first thing in the morning before coffee or anything else. Then a G "
"Vietnamese noodle meal."
" So Eric mom is Vietnamese and he grew up with egg rolls like these (which are also found in every "
"The Chuoi Hap Ca Chilean Sea Bass - Banana leaf steamed sea bass served with glass noodles, shiitake, and a sweet "
"omg so this guy was presenting about vietnam and how he found his missing relatives bc he was born here and vietnam "
" US intelligence agencies have given you the Gulf of Tonkin which was a lie that killed 70k young Ameri "
"#newtotheparish -wielding Vietnamese man arrested for arson attack in Clarehall, ... "
"there nothing cuter than my vietnamese math teacher trying to say entrepreneur"
"My plug Vietnamese"
" ((Also ayy I also half Vietnamese))"
"Ann Mills-Griffiths, along with Amanda Kingery and Jennifer Nasarenko, visited the Vietnamese Embassy, meeting with "
"At the nail shop. lady: do you want designs?  : no I okay. lady: *spokes Vietnamese* th "
"Three Vietnamese tourists killed in Egypt bomb blast "
"-Where are you from?-Um... Long or short story?-Uh, short?-I was born in Czechoslovakia, I'm half Viet "
"   *hears trees speaking in Vietnamese"
" Lol exonerated ..its as if americans have never heard of that word ..go tell the Spartans or Vietnamese"
" It probably does.  little things like Zora shirt saying  means white rabbit in Vietnamese I believe."
"say bye2 to my 6 year old fb account yall vietnamese na hacker godbless nalang sa buhay mo "
"Why did we pass laws about Stolen Valor if we do not enforce the purpose of such laws? This is sad we who stepped u "
" : Native Americans whites blacks Mexican Arabs Persians Korean Jews Japanese Vietnamese Germans French all kinds of Ameri"
"This rainy Tuesday may not be your favorite, but you can always turn it around by eating your favorite #Vietnamese "
"What was the role of the governments of Thailand and Vietnam when Vietnamese blogger Truong Duy Nhat disappeared on "
"    When someone is a close friend to a Vietnamese, they preface your n "
"It is Short Rib #Taco #Tuesday! Turn your rainy day around by treating yourself to this delicious special! #Vietnamese #Food #SaigonSurface"
"fifty  in #Vietnamese "
"Ch Ba V:   Th Minh  b c ch "
"   He learned that from his Vietnamese contacts who got it directly from their Russian contacts"
" : Only 14% of Laotian, 17% of Hmong &amp; Cambodian, and 27% of Vietnamese Americans have a bachelor degree or higher, compared w/"
"vietnamese moots mY LUNGS ARE GONE KSNSOSKSNDS   "
"PHO KING VIETNAMESE BAMBOO RESTAURANT REVIEW "
"A coworker brought me some Taho to try and was delicious! : is it just colored green or does it taste a certain "
"Girl applying for jobs:  these jobs want me to speak weird ass languages  girl:  what? girl: "
"In the past two decades, U.S. tourists to Vietnam have increased from 60,000 to half a million. The number of Vietn "
"     I vietnamese and we used to dance cover her choreogr "
" : Tiffany Meia /Vietnamese  models  started her career with her growing Instagram fame and now growin"
" : Karrueche Tran  /Jamaican  and Model 2010 everyone lowkey wanted to be her. She short but she st"
"Today's  front page story illustrates the contributions and the love that newcomers have for their adopted "
"daming cheater puro vietnamese mga mahihina"
" : Water buffalo have an important job at this Vietnamese golf course "
"D Vi-Anh Vietnamese-English Translator Free! "
"Got a hankering for Vietnamese food, so I just stare at this photo until I can get some. #mawnieeats "
"Spent the final day in Ho Chi Minh at the War Remnants museum. One of the most moving museum experiences where many "
"So I found that there is spoiler chapters of MDZS but it was written in vietnamese.... I feel betrayed for a moment...."
"80s/90s boy band member whose brother blinded a vietnamese guy and then wanted to wipe it from records to further b "
"Sometimes you just need an avocado toast and a Vietnamese iced coffee. "
" : My man  will be at Relish Cooking School on Vashon Island on March 29th (my birthday!) teaching Vietnamese f"
" Vietnamese flashback"
" Omg been happening to me for months! I used to be able to drink loads and now whenever I have more than 2 g "
"L If you can survive a 3hr+ Vietnamese catholic xmas mass, then you can sit through Endgame."
"I prefer article 13 over being a fag who nuts to vietnamese cartoons "
"Korean, Cantonese, Mandarin, Russian and Vietnamese  "
""
" : Learn to make these #Vietnamese #saladrolls with #nuoccham - It's more fun to learn with friends - and maybe #wine too. ht"
"Just realized the 40th anniversary of the Sino-Vietnamese war was a few weeks ago. Any protests? The veterans usual "
" Aaw. Vietnamese coffee"
"H l c nghe em Th "
"Vietnamese Yuzu Adobo Shrimp "
"Losing some weight/gaining some semblance of self confidence has given me more problems than I had to begin with - "
" : The Vietnamese public fears that Chinese companies would be the main beneficiary of the new set of investor incentives, inclu"
"I so miss the V Majestic on Brighton Ave. Vietnamese home cooked comfort food. "
" I just read this like he said  you in Vietnamese to somebody"
"The Vietnamese public fears that Chinese companies would be the main beneficiary of the new set of investor incenti "
"Still missing  and Ju. I wanna move to NYC and drink Vietnamese coffee and eat kottu every single day."
"Good news for the day! :)://t.co/w8tR6D3DId "
"I miss my Vietnamese adikk "
"  Pre nung napunta ako dito feeling ko baby ako sa math HAHAHAHAHA TANGINANG MGA VIETNAMESE YAN "
""
"Spanish, Vietnamese, Mandarin, Cantonese and Bengali.  "
"#VietnameseCoffee Coffee is the best in the world"
"Good meeting today with Prof. #TranThoDat, rector of the great #NationalEconomicsUniversity of Vietnam. Talked ab "
"distraught that *hero for bombing Vietnamese people for being born in Vietnam* John McCain's daughter is being bull "
"  Cute  btw, have you solved your problem yet, that you need some vietnamese facebook user ???"
"   birthay L  blink VIETNAMESE said  #AceLalisaDay"
" Color me jealous then! In my neck of the woods (literally sometimes), any and all current generati "
"Baby boomer yells at me Fck the Mexicans and Vietnamese coming in, going on welfare &amp; taking my tax money! (Dude' "
" I wish I could find the Vietnamese coffee I drank when I served in DaNang.  I will pass on the popular "
"Ya Allah, sedap giler.. good Vietnamese masssage! Bought it from Klook. Will add more details later.. "
"I sure love being responsible for the birth of a new addiction.  I'm either talking about giving my co-worker her f "
" Vietnamese "
"Most of the people in my small city are black, vietnamese, or mexican. So i know a few things in vietnamese but ver "
" Korean "
"#Japanese #English #Russian #Spanish #Vietnamese #Korean #Chinese  #soraArt"
"Higher electricity costs to impact Vietnamese cement prices "
"  I am a fan living in Vietnamese , do you remember VietNam , Vietnamese fans really miss me a "
" Nice to meet you! I'm a Vietnamese  I am really interested in your photos. All of them are very dif "
"Woke up so happy and inspired. At work for an hour and white male coworker is making fun of Vietnamese words while "
" Yes actually. I love it! I have tried a few Asian oriented dishes, but I do want to try the real d "
"Today's work: dreaming up the foods we shall feature in the first run of the Vietnamese cooking class (already sold "
" It'ss very great  love it you  stay healthy pls  love you wait you coming soon vietnamese marry me LOL"
"i taught jeff how to say  you in vietnamese : here your food:  you : you sp "
" omg r u vietnamese? :o"
"Water buffalo have an important job at this Vietnamese golf course "
"   So there are no limits to the depiction of women, no matter how gruesome and any di "
"   empfiehlt unaufgefordert lieblingsvietnamesen  -&gt;  ja das ist Tai Nyugen, me "
"In Vietnamese there is a saying  Qu tam ba  which means if Bighit dont drop anything tommorow I'm gonna burn "
"Anyway you guys might want to watch this clip highly recommended. Vietnamese fashion influencer Chau Bui was invite "
"vietnamese version of shonichi "
"Beside the scenic view of nature, We learnt alot about Vietnamese culture and tradition today.  us to discov "
". partners with the Vietnamese to promote #trade and the private sector while raising the standard of living. "
"Korean, jpn, mandarin, teochew (cant speak that well nor read at all), and vietnamese "
"Learn to make these #Vietnamese #saladrolls with #nuoccham - It's more fun to learn with friends - and maybe #wine "
"So now they have these Vietnamese relatives that they are emailing back and forth with to try to figure out when th "
" : Temasek picks up shares worth $29m to hike stake in Vietnamese unicorn VNG  "
"#TwitterBestFandom #TeamBTS #TeamEXO #Vietnamese #vietnam #Thailand #OT12 #OT7 #OT9 #OT13 "
"Genesis 10:26 (Vietnamese)-tan sanh A-m-, S-l, Ha-sa-ma-v v Gi-r,"
"tell me how i can find spanish, thai, vietnamese, and russian subs but NOT ENGLISH I didn learn this language to be played like this"
"H l #Vietnamese "
" I love Vietnamese food, but it is not very low carb friendly. The broths are outstanding."
"finnish, spanish, vietnamese, chinese, icelandic! I think! "
" : Twitter do your thing!!  7yr old Ryan find his match and save his life! He needs someone who is Vietnamese &amp; Caucasia"
"historicaltimes: Vietnamese woman soldier with a rifle... "
"Never seen a pregnant vietnamese woman in all the time I been here "
" Have u heard of Vo? They right by my spot little Vietnamese place they sell 3 dollar Surley pounders for 3 bucks all day"
"TransCycle: Chinese (Simplified), Chinese (Traditional), Vietnamese, Kurdish (Kurmanji), Belarusian, Nepali, Azerbaijani, Indonesian, Kazakh"
" : Enjoyed my visit to Orchard Lake Seminary! Good spirit with the Polish and Vietnamese Seminarians. Now home bound!"
"Citizenship for Seniors Taught in Vietnamese begins at 9:00am at Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Library. "
"TransCycle: Swahili, Kazakh, Norwegian, Vietnamese, Mongolian, Spanish, Frisian, Azerbaijani, Pashto"
"BBC News Ti Vi - Ch Ba V:   Th Minh  c ch, b Ph Th Y b ph "
" : #ReleaseTheMuellerReport my opinion..No one is going to save us. Just like no one saved Syrians, or Iraqis, Vietnamese,"
" Sorry, I pay 20% tax. This means my income is 10,000,000 Vietnamese dong less than the stated income "
" Vietnamese (mine is limited even though I viet :( , ), Korean, Spanish, Japanese (such a pretty languag "
" You have also calculated wrongly. For some reason you are basing the payments on my income before ta "
" : Vietnamese citizens fear that a new law - which would allow 99 year leases in proposed special economic zones - would of"
"Prison authorities thought of every possible way to physically and psychologically debilitate us. I had to eat raw "
"Vietnamese citizens fear that a new law - which would allow 99 year leases in proposed special economic zones - wou "
"What do Vietnamese people call Johnny Depp?   trai "
"Eating cold Vietnamese food, and it really hitting. "
"Only win against Thailand will guarantee AFC U23 qualification for Vietnam: Vietnamese "
"Enjoyed my visit to Orchard Lake Seminary! Good spirit with the Polish and Vietnamese Seminarians. Now home bound!"
"Temasek picks up shares worth $29m to hike stake in Vietnamese unicorn VNG  "
"og hapit nako nalimtan si jacey kskskkksks sorry in vietnamese dong"
"[COMING SOON] Pho 24 Finds Space in Smyrna  "
" No. My parents worked at night so it was impossible but we did have a tradition of getting vietnamese "
" : Non La is also part of the #Vietnamese national costumes and is commonly used to shield against the sun. If you are visiti"
" : . and I are in her home town sitting in her parents' beautiful-but-uncomfortable old-Vietnamese-people chair"
"Vietnamese Coffee "
" Men with small penises really like our cars. (also post WW2 germany made shit-tons of money selling g "
"#horoscope#famous#vietnamese#lequanglang H'mong girl once surprised many people because her ability to speak En "
"My boss be looking like she be cussing her husband out in Vietnamese and he just answers her so nonchalantly"
" : Seeking game translators/prospects:: English/Japanese/&lt;native language&gt; trilinguals : Turkish/Thai/Hindi/Ara"
"Non La is also part of the #Vietnamese national costumes and is commonly used to shield against the sun. If you are "
" by Jaida Rodriguez and Pho Neches Vietnamese Cuisine have teamed up with us on our giveaway!  Follow "
"Vietnamese named among world's most influential climate activists - VnExpress International "
"when my dad saw this video of taemin performing he said taemin looks like michael jackson and i was like IKR but th "
"I hate to echo that sentiment, and I have a REALLY bad track record with Chinese food in other cities (meaning, I h "
"For Vietnamese is living abroad, why many people can go abroad and live there forever, some just live short time, s "
"Working together, building trust and helping each other will be a cornerstone of our normalization of relations, sa "
" : Chungha speaking Vietnamese  wait to see you here babe  "
"I mean literally. Vietnamese feasts usually have prawn/ shrimps and the adults will take out the shell for the ba "
" :  anh th c nh V  VIETNAMESE cu anh qu,n h  v anh .... "
"#ReleaseTheMuellerReport my opinion..No one is going to save us. Just like no one saved Syrians, or Iraqis, V "
" anh th c nh V  VIETNAMESE cu anh qu,n h  v anh .... "
" : . James Street Baptist condo project #HamOnt going ahead with Vietnamese developer who has fondness for Hamilton"
"   I am just leery of approaching authors like 'hello black/south asian "
"Visa Program Is Bringing More Vietnamese #Investors to U.S."
"  Grandfather 1:  1:  2:  2: : : "
"Fred Downs, former national director of the  Prosthetic and Sensory Aids Service, describes how he c "
" Going through the Firefly cast on IMBD, I managed to find one Vietnamese actress and one American-bo "
" :          .                 military says the name of the country you live in with the hashtag"
" Was allways to the left . Allowed the Vietnamese into Aust but later went totally with his support of Africans"
"Yesterday I watched a Vietnamese movie with my dad, for the first time ever. I'm 28 years old and all I gotta say: "
"In every instance, the recovery of American remains depended on Vietnamese officials or citizens, and Vietnamese re "
" winterlitany: Look how beautiful Miss Vietnam is omg. Fire bender Vietnamese queen. [x] "
" im proud of vietnam im vietnamese"
"Cooperation on MIAs is a model of cooperation between the U.S. and Vietnam, says Nguyen Huu Luong, MIA Agency Direc "
"Vietnamese Pho Restaurant - #promo"
"Young Vietnamese boy bears most onerous burdens with a smile - TIC VIETNAM - "
"  first introduction is the  Rest Stop in Vietnam. "
" You just triggered me when you eat Pho with Coke. BTW I a Vietnamese."
"  it's too much for vietnamese people lol"
"Is it true that all Vietnamese people can RIP an apple in half?"
" This Vietnamese technique seems to be designed for Mexicans facing the wall challenge.  "
" :  Greetings from a new friend and follower who remembers when Vietnamese boat people came across to Canada in"
" : Great to see the dedication of Ms Khanh from NGO  recognized and her name added to world's 100 most influen"
" Greetings from a new friend and follower who remembers when Vietnamese boat people came across to Canada "
" Kindi Fuck Hoe, has someone pronounced my whole name as, I understand the fuck and hoe since that's writ "
"The 17th-century-built Thuong Temple has attracted thousands of Vietnamese people every #spring to pay tribute to h "
" The Vietnamese girl?!"
"Vietnamese Police rock ... thirds retrieved from theiving woman  gone to make another journey to get "
"Vegan Vietnamese Rumored To Be Setting Up Shop On Kastanien "
" Vietnamese King Prawns"
" : #Jiyeon sing Between Us ( Nh L Em) Vietnamese Version  Voice  Video link :://t.co/L3ln"
"    Strength in numbers br, 1.3 million active military personnel, but "
" : Citizens across 6 Vietnamese provinces protested against a new law on special economic zones, which would offer 99-year"
"*NEW VIDEO!* would win? Hundreds of Vietnamese fans. A random Filipino. made new artworks dedica "
" You have been blessed with the power of Vietnamese cuisine."
"Citizens across 6 Vietnamese provinces protested against a new law on special economic zones, which would offer 99- "
"You know those Facebook games like Which Spice girl would you be? or What would your stripper name be? Vietn "
" "
"Why this semi-erotic catdog art is on the wall of a Vietnamese restaurant I will never know I happy it is "
"Live now: our first #USAVietnam panel, looking at the foundations of the U.S.-Vietnamese post-war partnership. "
" Maybe Oswald acted alone.  Maybe Reagan didn't trade arms for hostages.  Maybe Lt. Calley freelanced "
" : I really set on getting tatted up. The hard part is getting past my 4 Vietnamese mom"
"   So what?  Vietnamese have to live, too ya know."
"An event to promote #Cuba as a tourist destination was held today in Hanoi. Several representatives of Vietnamese t "
" : Gi d H Qu: Th c l, c th nhi "
"When you've got leftovers from Saturday nights tea for your lunch  Vietnamese inspired pork (Ketap manis, splash o "
" : It has been a pleasure to meet with pupils &amp; teachers at  school. Many THX 2 Minister Ng Thi, Dino Ra &amp; Perincic."
" : "
". and I are in her home town sitting in her parents' beautiful-but-uncomfortable old-Vietnamese-people ch "
"Vietnam, Canada promote economic cooperation: The forum was an opportunity for Vietnamese "
"Former Vietnamese refugee moves back to Hamilton to build a high rise. #HamOnt "
"Recreate Pok Pok's cult-status Vietnamese chicken wings from my Google feed"
"I want to talk about my experiences with the Thailand mountain people and their simple ways of life. Or the Vietnam "
"oh my god i love hearing the vietnamese in the background, and theyre southern accent too I LOVE"
" omg my grandparents used to talk to me in vietnamese all the time but now that they gone, i suck at vietnamese"
"This incremental cooperation paved the way for reciprocal humanitarian efforts by the USG and NGOs to address other "
" Parallels with the South Vietnamese Government scuppering peace talks in  as they thought a Republican "
"omfg i forgot about saul literally living in a vietnamese salon, love it"
" vietnamese?"
"  #Japan #Thailand #Taiwan #Myanmar #Vietnamese #Malaysia"
"Gi d H Qu: Th c l, c th nhi "
"   -       - Vietnamese Massage 2019 "
"If you want to gather a lot of knowledge, act as if you are ignorant. ~ Vietnamese Prover"
" Please take care of the abandoned Vietnamese restaurant on the border on Euclid Avenue. I believe it "
"So if I were not Vietnamese, and my dad's first cousins once removed's children have a baby, what will that baby ca "
" : Nguoi Viet to try to connect the day-to-day happenings of his home country to the Vietnamese starting over here. Here is"
"ICYMI: Jury awarded $27M for the family of a 22-year-old Vietnamese-American U.S. Army veteran who was killed when "
"again sorry to be just On THis but Black Peony has 3 primary visual inspirations - Safety Matches, Vietnamese nacre "
"This super tender, fall apart Vietnamese Instant Pot Fish Sauce Caramelized Pork takes less than a hour to make in "
" If you like your Vietnamese food boss, you should try Bistro Saigon in Ilkley. Unreal!"
"Vietnamese refugee moves back to Hamilton to build a high rise | CBC News #condo "
" Vietnamese"
""
"#screenshot #photography #missU #MissYouMuch #Vietnamese # # #photography # #Marketing #business "
" Ok now you have gone full apeshit, bye facist grandpa, may the dead Vietnamese children haunt you in your dreams !"
" : Made Ph again last night... I absolutely love the stuff and when I feeling a little run-down, it the perfect pick"
"Discovering Vietnamese flavors   Bobun Shop "
"  I buy it at HEB, a major grocery store chain in Texas. I imagine it's available in part due t "
"Made Ph again last night... I absolutely love the stuff and when I feeling a little run-down, it the perfect p "
"Kim Jong-un h  HN: ' to m ngon v an to' "
" Oh, I know her ID. But It's written in Vietnamese, so I can't find it even if I search it. "
"It has been a pleasure to meet with pupils &amp; teachers at  school. Many THX 2 Minister Ng Thi, Dino Ra &amp; Per "
"Vietnamese Bessie"
" baking products and equipment wholesalers received U1 mixer, customer feedback is very good, if there a "
"Khanh founded GreenID... "
" I can speak Vietnamese and have FB account. I hope I can help you."
" Imma gonna have to now, my laziness is weaker than my grumbling desire for glorious Vietnamese sand "
" I'm Vietnamese. Can i help u?"
" i'm a native vietnamese speaker and i do use facebook! please let me know if you need help ^^"
" : Have you ever tried Vietnamese Coffee the traditional way? We'll show you how on our Saturday Downtown Lowell Food Tour"
" I'm Vietnamese ;)))"
"I know Sakura has a lot of Vietnamese fans, they even liked and comments in my page sometimes  there are many "
"Have you ever tried Vietnamese Coffee the traditional way? We'll show you how on our Saturday Downtown Lowell Food "
"Ugh yes we love the time that sexism was taking over the world, homophobes ran us, being transgender was like being "
"A popular Vietnamese baby name is Dung, meaning courageous"
"Vietnamese designer to hold fashion show in Sydney "
" I don speak Vietnamese"
"The songs of the Beatles have shaped my Vietnamese family's life "
"Vietnamese teen continues to make a splash in American Idol "
" :  Why is everything only in USA? I'm Vietnamese so... "
"Vietnamese drone pics fly high at int aerial photo contest "
"  korean malayalam spanish(fluently) japanese and vietnamese"
"A week in Danang well spent......eating#Vietnamese #foodies #streetfood #food #noodles #Vietnam "
" : Spanish, Portuguese, Tagalog, Thai, Indonesian and Vietnamese. consultation. All information is confidential. re"
" : D relev  ! Pour conna la suite rdv samedi soir sur #TF1 #inaich #artist #songw"
"D relev  ! Pour conna la suite rdv samedi soir sur #TF1 #inaich "
"According to official stats from the Immigration Bureau, Japan has seen a record high number of Vietnamese illegall "
"   I was responding to a person who was talking about fining Vietnamese write "
" 17 Dole ne a yi bikin tunawa bayan fa rana da kuma kafin fitowar rana (Fitowa 34:25):: "
"17 - Dole ne a yi bikin tunawa bayan fa rana da kuma kafin fitowar rana (Fitowa 34:25):: "
"vietnamese and chinese because that so difficult to learn. korean, asl, spanish "
"1940 threat Japanese threat North Korea threat cold war communism, Indonesia  threat north Vietnames "
"Vietnamese lead expat growth in Japan "
" : The shift of Vietnamese students to Canada marches on "
"Vietnamese Rice Rolls are packed with bright, fresh flavours &amp; served with a deliciously addictive Vietnamese Peanu "
"Vietnamese firms urged to swiftly capitalise on CPTPP - "
"Vietnamese named among world's most influential climate activists "
"Woke up to my boyfriend starring at me this morning. So I immediately think to myself,  god how long has he been "
"The shift of Vietnamese students to Canada marches on "
"7-year-old SoCal boy with cancer needs mixed-race bone marrow match (half white, half Vietnamese) to save his life "
"  Every immigrant group gets the same treatment in turn to the Chinese the Southern "
"vietnamese iced coffee in my veins right now and im convinced i could lift a car if i wanted to"
" Getting Directions in Vietnamese!: Learn Vietnamese with the best FREE online resources, just click here: "
" is no single word or phrase for  in Vietnamese... it depends on context and people involved. Ri "
"Proper giving back by proper immigrants: "
" : S.Korea's lawmaker today says N.Korean coal was illegally brought in this March, this time 14,840 T worth 2.1 billion KRW"
" -  -"
" :         "
" :         "
" si runaway bride, pumunta sa katabing beach resort tapos 2 days later umuwi ng vietnam.  si groom umalis "
"Ng Vi hay chen l,  tr: ho c sinh t c://t.co/cT0V34x8Yt Ti Vi on M "
"Vietnamese designer to hold fashion show in Sydney "
"Or take em when i eat vietnamese food."
" : Lotte Conquers Vietnamese Box Office with HAI PHUONG://t.co/fO48NTrGC4#Koreanfilm #Koreancinema #films #movies"
"OTD in 1975 South Vietnamese city of Hue falls to communists"
" Some Y.G's are taking Ronaldo Delima outta that list ,cos he failed to win the UCL !!! laugh in Malagasy "
" Isn Vietnamese super hard?"
" : "
"Vietnamese Spring Rolls Are the Best!!! "
" ki duy Trung Qu b  14 n t, t thu gia s "
"Checking out the Hoisin Butter Chicken Baguette at Les Ba'get.://t.co/EIrqbSoRzg"
"I too want a Wealthy Vietnamese Man to give me a $1 Million USD Apartment. Sugar Daddies where ya at "
"BBC News Ti Vi - V sao b  lu l h b l chu? "
" : Mexico  Madrid v Vatican xin l v  s 500 n tr "
"Supper tonight? Vietnamese? Kerelan? Sicilian? Sometimes only Alaskan will do. The ice cream looks scrumpy, but is "
" : A delicious #Vietnamese dish which doesn't have to be meaty.  out our #vegan pho #recipe we picked up whilst li"
" : Ashwill: Canada  longer a second-choice for Vietnamese students #cdnpse #highered "
"In reference to how Japan and China treat their people/army. ...... Reborn during World War II as Canada's 'defende "
" : Today is the International Day of Remembrance of Slavery and the Transatlantic Slave Trade.  for the safety of a Vietname"
"Vietnamese tea wants to be delicious: Picking the day - Processing in the night ://t.co/zAw60w8L3l "
" Oh I love Vietnamese as well.  Good choice"
" Hahaha yeah they always are , I just had snapper &amp; prawn spring rolls with Vietnamese salad , very ta "
"Skip ordering takeout tonight and make an Asian-inspired recipe at home! Chinese-, Thai-, Vietnamese-, and Japanese "
"Mexico  Madrid v Vatican xin l v  s 500 n tr "
"Ashwill: Canada  longer a second-choice for Vietnamese students #cdnpse #highered "
" zonder de juiste basis is een dagelijkse strijd voor Vietnamese telers://t.co/n3TM4WTjtL "
"Good morning! What is your favorite type of Asian cuisine? Chinese, Japanese, Indian, Korean, Vietnamese, other? Wh "
" : McCain suffered at the hands of the Vietnamese but it is nothing like the torture American political prisoners get at the h"
"Suppenkoma  G Ph - vietnamese street food "
"McCain suffered at the hands of the Vietnamese but it is nothing like the torture American political prisoners get "
"I just want to go to Vietnam and try out all the Vietnamese street food like Sonny.. :( Then Bangkok and Korea. I wish I had Sonny's life.."
" : This restaurant needs to offer a special drink called the Pho Tam Torpedo. Tam Restaurant Sign, Morton Grove, Illinois (2"
"  Bavaria is expensive, tgif- overrated, Vietnamese place is nice!  "
" : James Street Baptist condo project going ahead with Vietnamese developer who has fondness for #HamOnt. I want to do somethi"
"officialgoldencrab this is amazing. Vietnamese crab, with crispy bits, sign me up!  follow:  "
"The shift of Vietnamese students to Canada marches on - "
"# #HYOMIN Trying Vietnamese food ~ yum yum Hanoi 190325 HAPPY LUNCH  "
" : Malaysia: Con g l  Mahathir, li Anwar Ibrahim c c h th t? "
"Allen Le Nam has big plans in a city he has good memories about. The Vietnam-born developer  with warm feelings ab "
"Malaysia: Con g l  Mahathir, li Anwar Ibrahim c c h th t? "
" :   Water melon texture quite juicy but not overpowering in sweetness. I have bought them. But this is"
"Hello, Palawan!!! .S Daming foreigners, fiesta ako charot. day of golden hour, famous Palawan vietnamese food "
"Ng Hmong v T Nguy  qu gia t Vi Nam "
"Vietnamese firms urged to swiftly capitalise on CPTPP "
"Vietnam is continuing its progress of renewable energy development and with the government commitment, Vietnamese "
" I'd say it's the parent's fault if they are going to blame anyone. Are these people complaining also racist "
"Sedihlah, kalau aku tau tengly tak kenal pun budak2 vietnam tu aku tak tinggal dia pstu continue talking to him. Th "
"Kind of like this Salted Veggie with Pork Belly dish from the Vietnamese Chap Chye Peng stall. Don know the name, "
"Vietnamese firms urged to swiftly capitalise on CPTPP: The tra fish processing factory of "
"  It the opposite for me lol have a ok deep voice in English but in Vietnamese I like "
"Vietnamese people from all over the world who use G+ General Jp composer Yutaka Sakai will continue music activitie "
"For children of foreigner and Vietnamese born in Vietnam, the procedure to apply for birth certificate in Vietnam i "
"Me: I'm not a very traditional Vietnamese person me: so which ao dai should i wear for my dam hoi??? I bought "
"Vietnamese architect Vo Trong Nghia described bamboo as  green steel of the 21st century and  replace oth "
"Vietnamese named among world's most influential climate activists - VnExpress International "
"... Not familiar with the word 'phao' so looked it up to see if real. Vietnamese term meaning life preserver or a n "
"This restaurant needs to offer a special drink called the Pho Tam Torpedo. Tam Restaurant Sign, Morton Grove, "
"and the ones make me feel sick are Vietnamese "
" : Vietnamese food is one of the best Asian foods do not  me"
"Neu dabei! JaVi - Japanese &amp; Vietnamese in Muenchen: "
"I'm at Star Viet Vietnamese Restaurant in Damansara, Selangor "
" : Lunch time at Vietnamese French Restaurant in NAPA "
"Wanna try? Get on our Full Day Thai class and learn to make a real red curry for yourself! (oh, and they're 15% off "
"Char siu (Chinese barbecue) chicken, rice, spring onion oil, Vietnamese pickles, lettuce and cucumber with Vietname "
" Tripping on Vietnamese iced coffee. Office nalli idini. Chai channagide. Ee kade coffee nambake agala."
"#Vietnamese food; in this era of closing down our borders, let us appreciate the wealth of food and culture and var "
"S.Korea's lawmaker today says N.Korean coal was illegally brought in this March, this time 14,840 T worth 2.1 billi "
"Dep. Home Affairs supporting the Vietnamese Supreme People Court to design &amp; implement the  Council Resol "
"I learn to not mix a Vietnamese coffee and Green Tea.. That sheeeet is strong af.. Altered my tired brain cells int "
"   John McCain turned on his party(fm which he was elected) just as he broke POW pro "
"In a Vietnamese hairdressers and don think they seen hair as knotty as mine, had 2 people trying to brush it and broken a hair brush"
"Thank you to  and its elected members for unanimously supporting the building of Vietnamese Boat Peo "
"#CosplayFestival4"
"Le Croco Bleu is the first Vietnamese bakery in Wedding"
""
" :      Yung trolls ni Sonny TANGAra picture ng patay ang gamj"
"Our Vietnamese Bundles are the star of the show. They are true to length and comes in lengths 10-30 inches. Yo "
"     Hangt er van af, als het eigen muziek is, zou dat niet "
" : Countries that use the metric system vs countries that lose wars to Vietnamese farmers "
"Vietnamese teen continues to make a splash in American Idol "
" : The Vietnamese delegation with the  team at the BELS+/BavAIRia booth at the 2019 #MunichSatelliteNavigationSummit"
"  Water melon texture quite juicy but not overpowering in sweetness. I have bought them. Bu "
"tumben-tumbenan ke hotel bintang 5 buat kerja terus ditraktir makan, cihuy. Vietnamese Beef Pho Croque Monsiou "
" The Vietnamese gateway for fiat to crypto is Remitano (works instantly with Vietcombank), then the "
" : Local Vietnamese community attending tonight City of Adelaide council meeting  in support of a Vietnamese Boat People Monume"
" : Vietnamese Egg Meatloaf (Ch Tr H) is loaded with flavour and wonderfully simple to make - via  "
"  I not sure if you on subtle Asian traits - but there was a massive online argum "
"Throwback song and let's add a Vietnamese Sub in here. ://t.co/kB7zrgeREg"
" For most of the last century, the same way of thinking at all levels, #Germany  too much under the boot "
""
"The Vietnamese delegation with the  team at the BELS+/BavAIRia booth at the 2019 "
" : An important  conference. Hope everyone has a splendid meeting. Don forget to take some time to experie"
"Meet Single Buddhist Girls in Vietnam at the Free Buddhist Dating Site - Buddhist Friends Date. Hundreds of Vietnam "
" i speak: english and korean  add: chinese, vietnamese, russian, japanese and thai"
"Meet Single Buddhist Guys in Vietnam at the Free Buddhist Dating Site - Buddhist Friends Date. Hundreds of Vietname "
"Three Vietnamese fisherman who were allegedly fishing in the country's waters without permits will be remanded by t "
"As a boy I can remember the comments thrown at Nuns for their habit. The 50 people said Greeks were pinching our "
"ng noun meaning horse in Vietnamese #Vietnamese #horse"
" I love Pho!!! Also i'm Vietnamese, too"
"Miss Georgia in her Vietnamese out fit I bought on my resent trip . She was stoked -#vietnam #holiday #family "
"also thought abt putting vietnamese but after more thought mandarin, cantonese, spanish, arabic, and portugese are my picks"
"Mogelijk is hierdoor, door een verkeerd aangeleerde manier van uitspreken, of een verkeerd aangeleerde interpretati "
"Vietnamese iron strecher machine - M du s Vi Nam - K thu x ... "
"(2) Sales Mission is intended to increase networking &amp; business contacts between #Indonesian sellers &amp; #Vietnamese "
"Cool Vietnamese/Asian tea based on the heart seeds of lotus flowers, which is very healthy, including and especiall "
"Russian Chinese Arabic Hindi Vietnamese, ,         .=... "
" : Vietnamese cashew industry warns of import quality control "
"Cool Vietnamese/Asian tea based on the heart seeds of lotus flowers, which is very healthy, including and especiall "
"You will love Hoi An, Vietnam, which is a gorgeous 15th century UNESCO world heritage town.  you can simply a "
" : We are definitely sit down and cook from scratch people, although we enjoy the occasional take away, usually Thai or I"
"Soon your crew will be serving sandwiches named after me, Vietnamese style fool."
"VIETNAM - FIRST TIME IN HISTORY: THE NATIONAL ASSEMBLY OF VIETNAM INVITED OLIVER MASSMANN TO PRESENT IN VIETNAMESE "
" :    Mueller ended up receiving a Purple Heart along with a Bronze Star, two Navy Commenda"
"(For the curious most Windows users who need a Vietnamese keyboard download third party IMEs (fancy word for keyboard) like Unikey)"
"Barely monthly Hanoi observation #5? Vietnamese festivals are crazy #daoxuanfestival "
"Vietnamese immigrant moves back to Hamilton to build a high rise - "
"Oh my god  your Gboard vietnamese support is terrible. I literally couldn write the word ngh (rest) becau "
"This makes it difficult for Vietnamese shipping vessels to access higher-value markets #Vietnam #shipping #review"
"   The Vietnamese figured out how to make  you leave"
"The shift of Vietnamese students to Canada marches on  "
"  Andito na ako. Hahaha. Guys, if type nio lasa ng cinnamon, you should try their Vie "
" : Forgot to bring lunch? Heartbreaker Bun Mee serves Vietnamese banh mi that's quick, cheap and very cheerful. "
"Vietnamese airlines offer promotions at VITM: National flag carrier Vietnam Airlines and "
"Here's a quick look at one of the dishes for Saturday's #streetfood #tastingmenu #pho #wagyubeef #bonemarrow canoe, "
" express that fear in a tactful way. When I was a kid it was the Vietnamese and El Salvadorean refu "
" : Water buffalo have an important job at this Vietnamese golf course "
"This Vietnamese meatball soup is a delicious, fuss-free meal that is both nutritious and healing. It also very ve "
" : Banh cuan for breakfast. Vietnamese steamed rice rolls with minced pork and woodear mushrooms. And julienne Vietnamese"
"13) (Vietnamese) Fans were worried the company made BTS work too hard, Jin replied unexpectedly "
"Great to see the dedication of Ms Khanh from NGO  recognized and her name added to world's 100 most "
" How much of a Vietnamese thing is tks. Never heard of it untill not too long ago LOL"
" It Vietnamese "
"#Vietnam is successfully fighting off animal diseases like African Swine Fever with the help of #nuclear-derived te "
"Eating at the Best RATED VIETNAMESE RESTAURANT in my City #wowfoodguru"
"Tonight homework for an upcoming PME activity - the 1972 US Linebacker campaigns and the Vietnamese defence of Ha "
"Ao dai represent the personality of Vietnamese people who are delicate and thoughtful. To keep all the values by ma "
" : #Vietnamese in #Cambodia Still Denied Citizenship: According to a 2014 report, it is estimated that 9 in 10 Vietnamese i"
" Secondly: this is another advertising move by this Vietnamese businessman. they again used the name Seung "
"The US would still be trying to bomb the Vietnamese into submission today if Daniel Ellsberg had not done the right "
" :  Donut shops ran by Vietnamese old people"
" COUNT !  "
" Donut shops ran by Vietnamese old people"
"Indeed, productive meetings with the Vietnamese Ministries Planning and Investment and Industry (MOIT) in #Hanoi. E "
"Calling all Cambodian, Thai, and Vietnamese nationals! Application to the MIYS Program round 2 has been re-extended "
"Local Vietnamese community attending tonight City of Adelaide council meeting  in support of a Vietnamese Boat Pe "
" COUNT ! "
" Haha they Vietnamese"
"Water buffalo have an important job at this Vietnamese golf course "
" : There are many phos in Vietnamese:, ph, ph, ph, ph, ph, ph, only , refers to the flat rice noodles i"
" : Cesare Battisti: C binh c s  th nh gi ng "
"Cesare Battisti: C binh c s  th nh gi ng "
"Don't abandon it plz(from a Vietnamese player) #PlayArtifact "
"And that it's just me! My Vietnamese peers are all leaving Finland after graduation. Because why not? The brain dra "
"Fantastic! Enjoy a day free to working and relaxing at 5 coworking space partners of Surfspace, why not?: "
" my parents actually support my love for all kpop bc getting into kpop actually got me into closer touch w "
"   Hahaha lucky sod you've got 10years live in Leicester it's been a minority "
"Where can I find good ass Vietnamese lumpia"
"  I love proverbs and languages! There are so many in Vietnamese that are brilliant. I wish "
"Vietnamese Spring Vegetables Gochujang  Pork Chop "
"WOW!  wearing a LAFC shirt with Vietnamese  "
"  I AM GOING TO GO INTO OUR MESSAGES AND SOMEWHERE YOU SAID VIETNAM, IM NOT JUST GONNA RANDOMLY "
"#Mekong Eye News Digest #218: Tonle Sap losing flows, Lao-China rail to roll in 2021, Vietnamese climate activist a "
" : Tasty Tuesday here to inspire:) the name of this dish is warming us up right now. Today we have a recipe from our V"
"We love vietnamese food! Have you ever had bo kho? #vietnamese #mukbang #bokho://t.co/ZvqqDfpbOE"
"I'm at Hanoi Vietnamese Cuisine in Davao City "
"Great point.  has a language access policy for City documents. We need translations into Spanish, Cantonese "
"i not saying i seen 50 beautiful vietnamese women and 1 cute vietnamese man but that exactly what i saying"
"Temasek picks up shares worth $29m to hike stake in Vietnamese unicorn VNG | #VentureCanvas - "
"Kissinger announces that North Vietnamese left negotiations #history #thisdayinhistory "
" USAsiaPacific: Great exchange today between U/S for Political Affairs David Hale and Vietnamese Vice Foreign Min "
" Vietnamese fans are so cool. I love u guys "
"We are definitely sit down and cook from scratch people, although we enjoy the occasional take away, usually Thai o "
"Prawn and Spring Roll Vermicelli, Mar 28 2019  Five Corners Vietnamese Restaurant, #Food_&amp;_Drink"
" : Final rehearsal before tonight concert at the National Music Conservatory in Hanoi.   is joined by the Vi"
"In Tam Coc the Vietnamese rowers use their feet #vietnam "
" this is total album of quick donation order i opened for Vietnamese fans and also the quantity of me &amp; friend"
" : 13) (Vietnamese) Fans were worried the company made BTS work too hard, Jin replied unexpectedly://t.co/roCffV4"
"Ummmm I'm watching S2E1 of The OA on Netflix and this old lady says she's Vietnamese but her accent is even worse t "
"Seungri has reportedly received a luxury apartment from a wealthy man when he visited Hanoi, Vietnam a couple of ye "
" : Disappeared Vietnamese blogger detained in Hanoi "
" Do not forget Volkswagen or porche or anything German. No Cuban cigars or anything southern because of sla "
"        "
"     When you see the way some Asian people behave iN E "
"Wealthy Vietnamese Man.. dudeeeee  the hell is wrong with these people  "
"        "
" : shows how to say crazy in vietnamese: "
"wow.. - Vietnamese retail tech Vingroup to sell US$1B shares to SK Group "
"shows how to say crazy in vietnamese: "
"Just got invited to another Vietnamese wedding.  . It going to be a live wedding.  Vietnamese weddings are grea "
"Vietnamese women raped in wartime seek justice for a lifetime of pain and prejudice | The Independent "
"Our new website at "
"We don't permit.  crime a South Korean Army soldier raped with violence for a Vietnamese lady. "
"Temasek picks up shares worth $29m to hike stake in Vietnamese unicorn VNG  "
"Vietnamese food &amp; Thai food are just too close to call a favorite"
" : View the glimpses from the Vietnamese Ao Dai #Event where the Delegates witnessed the luxury sedan #MercedesBenz #ECla"
" : #VietNam has demanded that #China compensate properly for damages caused by Chinese Coast Guard 44101 to Vietnamese cre"
" : This man has taiwanese sugar mommy on the right , Vietnamese sugar on the left and Korean blackcard boyfriend behind "
"Craving for Vietnamese Iced Coffee with Milk"
"Want more info? the 'Matsudo City International Portal' webpage!'s now QUADRILINGUAL!  English, Ti Vi "
"i just wanna move somewhere where there sun, where i get to speak vietnamese outside of my family house to peop "
"Thank you H Quang Qu Lam Vong C (FB page)  for translated the Vietnamese version for this sketch comic~ "
" Ba Na Hill. VietNamese"
" : While digital payments are still in their relative youth in, it been incredibly positive to see how consumers"
" Hope this has all been orchestrated from a Vietnamese restaurant for nostalgia's sake"
" "
"I ditched school for springvale..hehe :&gt;&gt;-Ate Vietnamese food-bought Got Cha -Went to the Library to study "
"N n ng v th ko tin v lu nh qu l sai. V nh ng  tin v lu h d, v h gi nh th. "
"An important  conference. Hope everyone has a splendid meeting. Don forget to take some time to ex "
"(Canto has them all beat with 9 tones, Thai has 5, Vietnamese has 7)"
"lunch table is 5 ppl who represent 4 different countries and we sharing trials of trying to learn Vietnamese/Tha "
" : Vietnamese version of Korean TV show 'Running Man' goes on-air next month#Vietnam #HTV #RunningMan #TranThanh #NinhDuo"
" : vietnamese boys can ruin my life and i be cool w that"
"BBC News Ti Vi - Trump  ch s tr  k th 'x xa' v b c Mueller "
" : Finally got around to cook some Vietnamese dinner! as delicious as summer rolls, which is another favorite of mine"
" : #vietnamese #castle "
" : I don't understand any Vietnamese but Uni5 good."
" : Twitter do your thing!!  7yr old Ryan find his match and save his life! He needs someone who "
" my Vietnamese aunt doesn either... shits weird."
"#view#Vietnamese #CHANYEOL #ComingSoonXXI #AppleEvent"
"Wealthy Vietnamese Man  who's gonna tell 'em  "
"We luv da Vietnamese "
"Better than takeout, these Crispy Spring Rolls are full of the flavors you love! Cabbage, carrots, and mushrooms co "
" Vietnamese food &gt;&gt;&gt; Chinese food"
" omgg where to get one? i miss vietnamese coffee :((("
"A vietnamese fishing boat with a giant scoop "
"   17 - L k ni ph  t ch sau khi m tr l v tr khi m tr m (Xu 34:25): "
"This man has taiwanese sugar mommy on the right , Vietnamese sugar on the left and Korean blackcard boyfriend behin "
"17 - L k ni ph  t ch sau khi m tr l v tr khi m tr m (Xu 34:25): : "
"vietnamese coffee makes me believe in the existence of a loving and benevolent god "
" : Trump  ch s tr  k th 'x xa' v b c Mueller "
" I get pissed when I hear them claim a great grandmother who was a Cherokee princess since I have a Vietna "
"HE SAID NOW HE'S MORE VIETNAMESE THAN I AM AND IS 80% VIET NOW"
"Twitter do your thing!!  7yr old Ryan find his match and save his life! He needs someone who is Vietnamese &amp; "
" S, H, G (Vietnamese)"
"How do I always think Vietnamese iced coffee from Hanco's is not helped by this, Indesign:"
"  hello, sorry for bothering you. Your art is so cute and I was attracted at first sight &gt; &lt;C "
"Vietnamese photographers win three prizes at international aerial contest: The SkyPixel "
"  Vietnamese  "
"these vietnamese sellers at ben thanh market are sooo not friendly omg i scared to even look at some of their items  why so salty"
"#Vietnamese in #Cambodia Still Denied #citizenship #PoliticsKH #GovernmentCpp #VietnamWar "
"Vietnamese women"
" #santarosa #sonomacounty # ##  Kettles Vietnamese Bistro "
"In 1965 US  believed there were five regiments of Viet Cong operating inside South Vietnam; there wer "
" : This painting by a Vietnamese artist is called The man who brought peace to Korea.  China, Korea, and Vietnam our Pres"
"I MISS MY FOOD OUTREACH GANG and how we eat together at the table before the food shop opened and how we listen "
"  I also want Indigenous lands back as a displaced state side Indigenous Polynesian "
" :    Not true. Travelled extensively in Asia , speak colloquial Vietnamese and Mandarin"
"A cherry limeade slush and a Vietnamese bao is the way to my heart. "
" :  listening is the kind of listening that can help relieve the suffering of another person... You listen with only o"
" : John McCain killed Vietnamese people. Lots of them. Trump dodged the draft and didn go to Vietnam. Why should I like"
"I miss walking to Lotte Mart everyday and running out of English movies to watch at the theater and having to watch "
"       "
"  I want that so badly as a polyamorous nonbinary or genderfluid pansexual Vietnames "
"   I Vietnamese and I support this tweet!!"
"Water buffalo have an important job at this Vietnamese golf "
"The latest crown jewel at JW Marriott Phu Quoc Emerald Bay is Pink Pearl, the Vietnamese island first and only Fr "
"Watch EuroSphere on VTC10 Chairman and Project Director were featured on the latest episode of Sharing Viet "
"  Vietnamese is yellow. Lao is yellow. Korean is yellow. Whatever y'all input when y'all s "
"Vietnamese ride-hailing app set for Singapore launch next month #fastgo"
"I made a mistake in the last tweet China Beach Vietnamese fishing boat which caused the  Vietnamese navy and China to have a scuffle"
" : Vietnamese coffee and chill"
"there is ONE vietnamese restaurant here and i am SO SAD it ain even good either"
"Someone bought Vietnamese black coffee...I can wait to be cracked out tomorrow morning"
"   Not true. Travelled extensively in Asia , speak colloquial Vietnamese and "
"tonight kacy wore my Vietnamese hat in Taco Bell &amp; I told her that somebody is gonna put her on snap saying  "
"That  grandma from season 2 episode 1 is clearly NOT Vietnamese, her accent is shit and no Vietnamese p "
"China sinks Vietnamese fishing trawler and Vietnamese navy sinks Chinese ship:://t.co/R7x5dzvrjs is breaking out !!!!"
" I was walking with a norwegian guy and then when some norwegian women passed by us they were staring at "
" Vietnamese people in NOLA actually don eat the Viet-Cajun style a lot too, they say it against old traditions"
" : [NEWS] Seungri, Burning Sun Incident first press interview in 120 days Translation - CTYSRV &amp; NIME"
"It feels like the time I accidentally drank two Vietnamese coffees and it not fun. I just want to sleep."
" : [#] Thank you, Hong Kong!        ! # # "
" : We met #KAWS  "
" Nice how did the Vietnamese one go? All day traders are welcome to join our chat to discuss analysis and c "
"Joyeaux  A Working Vietnamese Lunch Downtown #Vancouver I work downtown.  often don't have a lot of time "
"#Mobile and contactless #payments starting to take hold in Vietnam according to #Visa survey "
" : Also in #HCMC. D-6 Seminar on  experiences on trade promotion capacity building to support Vietnamese SMEs on 27/3"
"10 years listening to the #voices of Vietnamese #citizens. Governance and Public Administration Index "
" :  Here, i'm Vietnamese "
"  Seungri received help from wealthy men from around the world while he was managing "
"Temasek picks up shares worth $29m to hike stake in Vietnamese unicorn VNG | #VentureCanvas - "
" I'd hold her back but I'm sure she could take me. I was engaged to a vietnamese woman. I know how it is."
"When I hear  revere war heroes who bombed Vietnamese children and praise the Israelis who bombed the U "
"Vietnamese coffee is the way to go  "
"Great thanks to Kieran Butler and experts from #Australian Government for your excellent presentations and sharing "
"Trump  ch s tr  k th 'x xa' v b c Mueller "
" Nothing really, they're reporting his Vietnamese apartment that Denis' dad gifted him back in 2016 as news "
"    The municipality of recoleta and Vietnam. No thanks to "
"I really set on getting tatted up. The hard part is getting past my 4 Vietnamese mom"
" So this one it seems that the Vietnamese wealthy man was one of these people.  really don't like t "
"Thai last night. Burmese for lunch. Vietnamese vermicelli tonight. I have regrets."
"###Ch#Vietnamese#lunch#tokyo#marinatsuki#natsukirock # "
"it seems that the Vietnamese wealthy man was one of these people. Ini bedanya media mereka dengan media kita, med "
"THERE ARE TWO KINDS OF MEN IN THE WORLD, SAVVY AND NOSAVVY WHAT KIND OF YOU? - Pokemon Vietnamese Crystal"
" do you really want that to resound around your vietnamese family"
" : V th t hay kh t, lu nh qu c hay kh? "
"  LOL HEA VIETNAMESE?"
" :   We, the Vietnamese, are the secret master race of Asia."
"Looking for some new Filipino/Vietnamese food bloggers to connect with! #foodblog #foodbloggers #Foodies"
" They're literally recreating English tiktoks but with Vietnamese dubs OR THEY JUST DO THE SAME WEIRD SHIT "
" : When it comes to cuisine from Asia, this is how I rank it (for my personal taste). Korean (really into Korean BBQ). Jap"
" first of all isnt your stepdad Vietnamese"
"Vietnamese immigrant moves back to Hamilton to build a high rise://t.co/3xP4mVlP7H "
" Korean Mandarin Tagalog Vietnamese Somalian"
"I took a fascinating tour of an area rich in Vietnamese and American history. My guide Thanh had personally witness "
"South East Asia Hue, Vietnam - I took a fascinating tour of an area rich in Vietnamese and American histor... "
"Vietnamese blogger Truong Duy Nhat disappeared on 26 January after applying for refugee status at the Bangkok Offic "
"Dude. I know it a mistake to be drinking it this late. But. Vietnamese coffee is fucking amazing"
" : In a statistical study of interracial marraige, one guy commented, my ideal woman is Chinese /Vietnamese. They have awesome fo"
"Sexy Vietnamese Girl | Sexy body in Gym | Team Ass - NgocYen Tictok ://t.co/okRDx9yhDz"
"For 60 years Caravelle Saigon has welcomed guests with warm Vietnamese hospitality and exemplary standards of comfo "
"Chef Chau Trinh speaks to us about his new Vietnamese popup lunch ChauHaus and  Winter Park "
" : JAPAN / VIETNAM:  Vietnamese workers, streaming to Japan, face risks as labor system opens up "
"  We, the Vietnamese, are the secret master race of Asia."
"Why am I looking into mandarin classes when my Vietnamese is slowly suffering "
"Traditional Vietnamese Coffee on cloudy day. would you like to try it ?#AhaCafe#AhaCoffee#Ahatraditionalcoffee "
" My Vietnamese mechanic gave me the plant last year. Easy to grow."
" : i took this bc i found out i was gonna get free vietnamese food for the 2nd time today but feel free to use for any of ur mem"
" : hey y I wrote somethin about UTK art grad Quynh Lam for the Phoenix  check it out! "
"Made my own Vietnamese sandwich. Came out pretty fire "
"New Vietnamese  Up ChauHaus inside Sushi Pop Winter Park "
" : I discovered this restaurant when I worked around the corner from it. I already had several choices for good Vietnamese"
" What happens when you're mixed race but your skin is white, like sure my skin is white but my dad is "
" I am usually in that area on Wednesdays though probably not for the next month, but they have some really "
"Million view clips of Huong Bear  - Vietnamese's Top Cute Girls ://t.co/moiUGdF9h1"
"James Street Baptist condo project going ahead with Vietnamese developer who has fondness for #HamOnt. I want to d "
"#travel #foods #ttot Look... It's a way out!!! ..#HalongBay #Hanoi #Vietnamtravel #vietnamese #vietnam "
"Meetings where you don't understand the language are so frustrating. I wish I could understand Vietnamese so I woul "
" :  tell us to go back to Vietnam. They say we fish everything and leave nothing for them. They tell us to go home. T"
" I honestly like South Koreans but perfer Japanese and Vietnamese People"
"Vietnamese traditional costume introduced in India: Vietnamese Ambassador to India Pham "
"Im just getting addicted to #Vietnamese #food!  "
" :    We know  wouldn have lasted 5 years being imprisoned North V"
" That how we suppose to do it! Did ur parents ever told u they found u in the dumpster? Idk abt anybody "
"C C TR KH NU 4 N  V N SAU NH ( Vietnamese fishing ) ... "
" I medically tested 50% vietnamese, 50% Irene"
"I went to Vietnam then want to present Vietnamese food. "
"vietnamese boys can ruin my life and i be cool w that"
"Great food!  eating dinner at Pho All Day Vietnamese Cuisine "
"Chef Chau Trinh speaks to Tasty Chomps about his new popup lunch ChauHaus and opening up Sushi Pop Winter Park "
"       !!        (It's okay to translate! Please just tag my "
"a vietnamese woman's life used to be quiet, but that was before they met a architect. they end up getting divorced. "
" Hmm, kalo thai atau vietnamese gimana?  Wkwkwk"
"What the Pho?!?! We got  line of Vietnamese pho noodles which comes in its own bowl! Varieties: Ori "
" are looking for freelance translators. English or Japanese &gt; Spanish, Italian, Portuguese "
" ASL, French (Qu), Korean, then I have to pick between Spanish (Mexican), Japanese, German, Swedi "
"#Spaceage #Vietnamese #capsule #hotel &amp; #Japanese #hot #food #vending#machine "
"Craving something Vietnamese? Keep an eye out for B Pho and Roll and try their authentic Vietnamese cuisine. "
"Seungri Reportedly Received $1 Million USD Apartment From Wealthy Vietnamese Man://t.co/zsCwsg0ubi"
"Spanish, Tagalog, French, Vietnamese, Welsh "
" :   We don consider them because the two wars in question were apples and oranges. We intended"
"V th t hay kh t, lu nh qu c hay kh? "
"Deals  Vietnamese influencer platform Hiip bags 7-digit funding led by Thai Vnet "
"Bill shorten outraged about labor mate getting caught on camera not for being a racist eh billy boy remember the Vietnamese cold pie bro "
" : Seungri Reportedly Received $1 Million USD Apartment From Wealthy Vietnamese Man "
"Seeing as  is the first Vietnamese President, I feel it is necessary to have him sit down in the Ova "
"Native Americans whites blacks Mexican Arabs Persians Korean Jews Japanese Vietnamese Germans French all kinds of A "
"  vietnamese ARMYs are waiting for a concert here"
"C thi kh ? b Tr Duy Nh b x  c li quan  V  b Tr Duy Nh b c "
"M Thi t C an b ra kh ng v li quan v gian l  thi  S La t  H S nguy Ph "
" : Although material aid to the Vietnamese people is important, it is the thought of Mao Tse-tung which is the invaluable t"
" : HAIR REVIEWS    beautiful tyrai_lachell  is wearing are straight Vietnamese hair 16/14"
" ph th y  13 ng tham gia bi t  B Thu ng tham gia bi t ph  d lu  "
" : Shop    seen wearing  Straight 16  bundles  #pgh #atl #bundlesonhand #hairgiveaway #"
" :  Considering that entire narrative stems from the Steele Dossier, I very much doubt it. at the player"
"B Tre: Thanh ni treo c ch trong bu giam b  s v x ra t qu thun m ng d th 2 "
" My cousins was making fun of my bro &amp; I for our accent but they can even speak one lick of Vietnamese &amp; "
"13) (Vietnamese) Fans were worried the company made BTS work too hard, Jin replied unexpectedly "
" It a Vietnamese breakfast staple. So simple and so good lol "
"Thank you  for comforting me and buying me vegan Vietnamese food after I received a particularly crumm "
" Its true... I got cousins who can't speak Chinese or Vietnamese and they get the stink eye from my pa "
" : Water buffalo have an important job at this Vietnamese golf course "
" Seungri Reportedly Received $1 Million USD Apartment From Wealthy Vietnamese Man  "
" Seungri Reportedly Received $1 Million USD Apartment From Wealthy Vietnamese Man  "
"Water buffalo have an important job at this Vietnamese golf course "
"[NEWS] Seungri Reportedly Received $1 Million USD Apartment From Wealthy Vietnamese Man "
" Yeah, it's even in Vietnamese legends tho they pretty much extinct now."
"some vietnamese humor to get me through tonight as I choose to procrastinate every 10 mins "
"Fresh Summer Roll Rice Noodle Bowl: A healthy, fresh Vietnamese-inspired noodle bowl - deconstructed "
" Is Vuong the Vietnamese version of Wang? I want to class with someone called that and the Wangs reminded me of him."
"Ada Lion City Singaporean, with some SE Asia and Vietnamese option, ini rekomen. "
" :  covers 6 other Vietnamese noodle dishes other than pho! I'm looking forward to trying some of these! https:/"
"Seungri Reportedly Received $1 Million USD Apartment From Wealthy Vietnamese Man "
"reaching back into my roots,, i spent working from 8AM to 2AM at the festival and she was just happy that i was so "
"i rlly hope this tweet doesn make me sound snobby or anything :-(( my family isn in the best situation rn but m "
"#VietnamWar: There were many more #VietCong the willing to.  Video-On-Demand "
"#Vietnamese in #Cambodia Still Denied Citizenship: According to a 2014 report, it is estimated that 9 in 10 Vietna "
"A Vietnamese version of Running Man, a long-running TV show by Korean channel SBS, will go on air next month in a "
" the Vietnamese pancake ik is banh xeo"
" : Vietnamese for bitcoin is bitcoin."
"   Mam Ali, kita nyo naman sa Thailand at Vietnam maayos ang agri, ano bang pinagiba nila "
"Vietnamese for bitcoin is bitcoin."
"Vietnamese artists join global environmental movement: Many Vietnamese artists have "
"This Sunday would be a good good day to visit  National Taiwan Museum and enjoy the museum tour in "
"Vietnamese salad rolls are life."
"Vietnamese food  "
" I gonna have to try it. I love Vietnamese food!"
"If visiting villages in Vietnam, you might see a lot of chi (Vietnamese mat) that the Vietnamese use in their dai "
"Vietnamese coffee (yes I know there are different kinds) should really be on the menu at more cafes outside its nam "
"While digital payments are still in their relative youth in, it been incredibly positive to see how consu "
" : Vietnamese immigrant moves back to Hamilton to build a high rise and revive the failed Connolly project. Great news for dow"
"  Congrats!  I going to ACS San Diego too!  Let have a Vietnamese-student meetup!!!    "
" I found Pipit. The shark didn get him. A Vietnamese family took him home. "
"Vietnamese version of Korean TV show 'Running Man' goes on-air next month#Vietnam #HTV #RunningMan #TranThanh "
"i can wait to go to Vietnam and just explore and eat cheap ass local food that probably better than any Vietnamese food i ever had"
" I adore your relationship with your man. My guy really really little. I'm 5'10 and my guy a tiny "
"My mom has found the Vietnamese tiktok community and I'M-"
"    I happy to report that Pipit the dog believed to be ea "
"good vegan food from the local Vietnamese place!!! "
" : Vietnamese consumers using less cash, more cards: study #fintech #banking #payments #cashless https:"
"Vietnamese consumers using less cash, more cards: study #fintech #banking #payments "
"Vietnamese coffee fucked my whole day up"
"Little Vietnamese ladies who used to come round with a trolley used to give him sweets. On top of that he used to g "
" : Also rabbits play such an important role in the movie. Notice Zara always has a rabbit on her shirt. Th means rabbit in Vie"
"Wanna test your english? Don't speak with native english speaker. Go fuck your mind and speak with a vietnamese speaking english."
"Nguy Thi Khanh, founder and director of Green Innovation and Development Center, has become the first Vietnamese on "
" Haven tried it but Vietnamese crawfish is something that H-Town has become very popular for"
" : Not slavery, mind you. Nope. Not the genocide of this nation's indigenous population. That couldn't possibly have been"
"I used to listen to like Vietnamese pop complications and EAI tapes from the outer reaches of purgatory, now I can "
" Malagasy"
"And Vietnamese immigrants? That was a consequence of joining the USA in a Vietnamese civil war which started with t "
" Vietnamese, Korean, Cantonese, mandarin, and Thai"
"Vietnamese version of Korean TV show 'Running Man' goes on-air next month "
"how do u pronounce your name  ahh-n (like  but with more of an  sound) is how everyone says it but its pron "
" covers 6 other Vietnamese noodle dishes other than pho! I'm looking forward to trying some of these! "
"Sexy Vietnamese Girl | Sexy body in Gym - Chi Kwai ://t.co/WotH2fmCZ6"
" : France, Romania pledge early signing of EU-Vietnam FTA to the free trade agreement, Vietnam will be allowed to maint"
""
"Myra Tran: Vietnamese Rising Star KILLS It In Hollywood | American Idol ... "
"used Vietnamese coffee as preworkout today, bc I needed that extra strength for my Monday"
"Check our latest post of Minh and Hieu traditional Vietnamese + Western style wedding! "
"Vietnamese retail tech Vingroup to sell US$1B shares to SK Group "
"Vietnamese naval ship in Malaysia for exhibition, drill "
"   There is an excellent Vietnamese at Haymarket"
" Yes it has pandan! It reminds me of the Vietnamese dessert green worms if you've ever had it? "
" If the Vietnamese wouldn't have laid murdered dead in their huts, then they wouldn't have been burned whe "
"Need to translate in different languages? translate any documents in any languages, #Malaysia #China #Russia  "
" : Setting up a business in Vietnam? Representative Office (RO) is among the most common option for first-time entrant"
"   True, but not in the mind of the Vietnamese."
"Maple Manticore syrup barrel aged breakfast stout with Peruvian Coldot coffee beans, Madagascar vanilla bean "
"Vietnamese Spring Vegetables Curry Sausage "
"Can one overdose on #Dungeness #crab? Asking for a friend...  #Vietnamese style #fried peppercorn crab comes w "
"  Amen to that! I love both those places. When Le was still going by Pho Pasteur, it "
"That moment when you realize Japanese kanji is pretty much the same as Vietnamese N. Only that one is barely reco "
"PIVOT's statement on the President FY 2020 budget: an affront to working Vietnamese families. "
"#TheOAPartII Thank you for including a Vietnamese cast and culture on the episode II. Really appreciate your inclus "
" Let's Vietnamese Cuisine!  Only VND 199.000net/pax (minimum 02 guests)  Open Hours: 12:00  21:00 every d "
" : Phogeddaboutit! -an Italian/Vietnamese American"
" : Lucky to have met all of you guys. Continue to spread Vietnamese/Vietnamese American culture and grow a loving and safe commu"
"Vietnam 1967: We't who to the #Vietnamese.  Video-On-Demand (cable) and Amazon "
"  Mr Lammy, I remember telling my Friend that here in St Louis, The  now Lives h "
"Vietnamese influencer platform Hiip bags 7-digit funding led by Thai Vnet Capital: "
"As the title suggests, Saigon Dark was mainly set in Saigon. It a much darker, more desperate tale  perfect for "
"Our free emergency preparedness handbook is available in English, Cantonese, Ilocano, Korean, and Vietnamese: "
"   Imagine thinking that me - a woman of Arabic descent, an immigrant, who is "
"Holy crap my blog entry for #myTAR is going to be epic for this trip, as it now involves a Vietnamese hospital."
"Vietnamese named among world most influential climate activists: Nguy Thi Khanh, founder "
"Vietnamese lead expat growth in Japan: The number of Vietnamese residents living in Japan "
"I had only Vietnamese Jasmine rice in California and it's better even than Japanese. I'm really sad about manila quality."
" : Busy busy night in the Spokane council chambers. We tracking two significant ordinances and a resolution tonight. On top"
"Forgot to bring lunch? Heartbreaker Bun Mee serves Vietnamese banh mi that's quick, cheap and very cheerful. "
"- A shirt that I would very much wear, but couldn bring myself to buy - Boomer pride mug - A Vietnamese... "
" Wonder if we'd see this level of support for the policies if people had to actually see what happene "
" do trees speak Vietnamese?"
" : vietnamese food is no {pho}cking joke! "
"vietnamese food is no {pho}cking joke! "
"Vietnamese immigrant moves back to Hamilton to build a high rise and revive the failed Connolly project. Great news "
"    Uhh yess :)))) I am Vietnamese"
"ayo, i look sis illy in, honduran, arab and vietnamese all at the same time "
"Ground service is simply stupid, Vietnamese tourists are treated like rubbish"
" You know what?  I'm Vietnamese and Is the first time I  watch this "
"Let's see if this translates into more Vietnamese F&amp;B franchises worldwide.#VFFRANCHISE #FRANCHISEASIA://t.co/ToGxZyiKo1"
" : East Bay businesswoman Anh Nguyen is keeping the Cam Huong vibe alive at 920 Webster Street with Vietnamese deli, Cam Anh.    h"
"We are LIVE with more Pokemon Vietnamese Crystal Nuzlocke! We also are going to have a Stream Gift opening, and swa "
"Korean tacos and Vietnamese sandwiches with Brent.  Del Seoul - Chicago "
"Let's see if this translates into more Vietnamese F&amp;B franchises worldwide.#VFFRANCHISE #FRANCHISEASIA://t.co/VflIyA5fKB"
"Busy busy night in the Spokane council chambers. We tracking two significant ordinances and a resolution tonight "
"THANKS TO MASTER-NIM FOR PRECIOUS PHOTOS  OUT WITH FULL CREDIT  NOT EDIT OR CUT LOGO  HQs BELONG TO OWN "
" Vietnamese Martyrs have estimated 100,000 martyred but only 117 canonized"
" : Soooo the 2 bundle deals will be:  22/26/28 &amp; 22 inch closure- Cambodian Straight  20/22/26 inch &amp; 22 inch closure-"
"A gentle blend between more traditional Vietnamese #biahoi and the #hoppier craft beer enjoying popularity in Vietn "
"  my friends said i sound intimidating in vietnamese and honestly goddamn"
"Vietnamese named among world's most influential climate activists "
"Vietnamese immigrant moves back to Hamilton to build a high rise | CBC News "
" What the pho? You know, Houston has a crazy Vietnamese population/culture? IF you ever decide to vi "
".  office in Vietnam will provide on-ground feedback directly from manufacturers for the company. "
" it is a Vietnamese soup...addictive"
"A Vietnamese refugee who claims that she would be beaten by her husband if deported has been granted a last ditch "
"gotta switch to the Vietnamese keyboard so I can type ph and be extra"
"This could be interesting. One of the establishments going in there is Hai Sous Vietnamese restaurant... "
"The failed US strategy to kill so many North Vietnamese until they will give up will work fine against the US. The "
"There's a young boy named Ryan at Children's Hospital Los Angeles. He needs a bone marrow transplant. He needs a mi "
"I ordered Vietnamese food and my dumbass really thinks I be able to sleep without eating it. "
"Vietnamese lead expat growth in Japan "
"Come &amp; one is teaching me Vietnamese while other lets me bite his ice cream sandwich  "
"   I learned enough VietNamese to communicate, but so fluid I never got a sure g "
"  Also in 1968 LBJ chose not to reveal that the Nixon campaign was colluding with the North "
" :          "
"Seadrift  is a must see documentary piece about the history of Vietnamese fishing communities along th "
"Y remember how picky I am when it comes food? Well guess who finally tried Vietnamese food today "
" :  serves whitey right. They suck up to Muzxies, not Indians, Vietnamese, Laotian. "
" How many points are Vietnamese pedestrians worth?"
"the first episode of the oa season 2 features some completely gibberish ??? it so bad it actually "
"Labors Tony Burke can say what what he wants about racism on #qanda but their Labor hero Gough Whitlam refused Viet "
"Lovely Vietnamese lady  An ancient city "
" Love how I normally can read Vietnamese but this is the kind of stuff I CAN read"
" : My cousin is Chinese/Vietnamese is very, very real "
"My cousin is Chinese/Vietnamese is very, very real "
" Depends...  Chinese or Vietnamese?"
" Well I guess that as McCain is dead, any apology would be wasted. I rather remember McCain for bom "
" Vietnamese?"
" Some more Fox News insults. Go on then Magoo but try to be original. Btw how many innocent Vietnames "
" Perhaps the Vietnamese Martyrs"
" The fact that I said the Vietnamese word for talent during this convo ... my brain is broken."
""
" : #NationalMacaronDay  Clockwise from top: Vietnamese Coffee, Bananas Foster, Fruity Pebbles,  Dr. Pepper, Bl"
"Spanish, Mandarin Chinese, Vietnamese, Japanese, and American Sign Language "
"Phogeddaboutit! -an Italian/Vietnamese American"
"        "
"Only went to the gym with Evan this morning for moral support and ended up having a ducking PT session with the Vietnamese instructor"
" i have vietnamese crystal on cart, i grew up with it"
" like a Vietnamese Qdoba."
" The Vietnamese place in Modesto is looking for a dishwasher"
"my household: *plays the same 20 vietnamese songs*"
"  I think you eating the wrong stuff, come to my Vietnamese place and we will set you straight."
" : Brexit: Th t Anh m ki so, Qu h t l ch kh "
"        Good luck my "
" : Thanks  for making the trip to visit us finally!  Bun Bo Hue Dac Biet (Beef Shank, Pork Hock, Pork Meat Ball, Blood"
"Vietnamese cashew industry warns of import quality control "
" ASL, Korean, Vietnamese, Swedish, And Japanese."
"I can talk as much in Vietnamese as I can in Arabic which is a few simple sentences."
" Hi Pablo. I am a Vietnamese. I want to have a wedding ring like your clip. Can you let me know me "
"LISTEN  Don't  me, I'm of Vietnamese origins and I can perfectly understand everything that is said in Vietnamese "
"James Street Baptist condo project going ahead with Vietnamese developer who has fondness for Hamilton://t.co/IviiTDA9a0"
"the new season of this show I'm watching starts out with a ridiculous translation scene. some white dude who spent "
"Thit kho/ ga is the most boring Vietnamese dish"
"Vietnamese, Japanese, Korean, Russian and Arabic. "
"I am...not a fan of Vietnamese food."
" tin RFA t 25.03.2019 | T ph th y  13 ng tham gia bi t  B Thu://t.co/42Drlhpr9s "
" Why is everything only in USA? I'm Vietnamese so... "
"Nh b Tr Duy Nh b x  c li quan  V -03-25://t.co/kummgNOL40 "
" Pho isn't ramen tho..  = Vietnamese, Ramen = Japanese"
"Ch Ba V: Gi h Ph gi Vi Nam h x l nghi n c sai ph-03-25://t.co/Vy2q9ux7M5 "
" My gma used to live next to a lil donut shop and my white gpa would talk to the staff in Vietnamese sin "
""
"T h v t l c Vi Nam tham d LIMA 2019-03-25://t.co/zFzb8Jl0lY "
" : #DR06  :  h baby: h mom &amp; mom  its a girl! vietnamese baby :  +  ! "
"T ph th y  13 ng tham gia bi t  B Thu-03-25://t.co/IYV4UwOzVF "
"  So cool! In Vietnamese culture, there something called  gi, which literally means to "
"M Thi t C an b ra kh ng v li quan v gian l  thi  S La-03-25 "
"#DR06  :  h baby: h mom &amp; mom  its a girl! vietnamese baby :  +  ! "
" I missing one of two bags for my Vietnamese shaking beef meal"
" I don see how telling a black person  aren Sudanese, American, Nigerian etc... you black "
"H N s gi quy d  sai ph  r S S-03-25://t.co/LfwkgEiwMm "
" So incredibly criminal that Mena isn on uber eats! And neither is the Vietnamese place in Mt Vic because they are low key af"
" As a Vietnamese person, it went over my head the first time watching; not until the second watch, I not "
"Ch quy b b th tin th l  heo ch  b tr Facebook-03-25://t.co/tJHoXornX1 "
"   McCain was hugged his Communist Vietnamese torturers, and Russia controlled N "
"Network Marketers. me give you an example of how simple this industry is (regardless of the program you are doi "
"Would like to take this moment to bow down to  for committing the recipe for Easy Vietnamese Caramelized "
"And some Vietnamese guy that looked like me was in jail."
"Brexit: Th t Anh m ki so, Qu h t l ch kh "
"B Tre: Thanh ni treo c ch trong bu giam b  s v x ra t qu thun-03-25 "
"  B t is one of the best Vietnamese foods I've ever eaten !!"
"  The guy who became a pilot because of nepotism after crashing at least 3 planes. The guy who vol "
"Playing Around in the Beach City of Nha Trang Vietnam. Lovely beaches and great people.  The Vietnamese love Americ "
"Vietnamese ride-hailing app FastGo races into Singapore; more SE Asia cities on the way "
" He only rolled over for the Vietnamese and sang like a song bird AND did the opposite of what he ran on in "
"(English &amp; Vietnamese) This video shows how to make super soft and fluffy HOKKAIDO BREAD? Printable recipe and trou "
" also think of France Nuyen...french/vietnamese who was known as the breath taking, innocent exotic b "
". James Street Baptist condo project #HamOnt going ahead with Vietnamese developer who has fondness for Ham "
"so apparently kevin is a super common name among a lot of vietnamese americans and that's fuckifn. Amazing. i love that"
" my friend is vietnamese and even tho she tells me how to say things i cant do it sjjdkgjlkfd"
" Zora green sweatshirt that she wears throughout the majority of the film said  which means rabbit "
"I think I'll have Vietnamese food for dinner tonight."
"If you looking to work for T-Mobile and speak Vietnamese HMU"
" : Official notice to blogger wife indicates he was formally detained in Hanoi on Jan 28, mere days after he reportedly applied"
" can you please make another porno so you can stop doing fucking awful ads on your Snapchat? No one want "
"slovak :   : jag  dig : Rwy'n dy garu di : te amo : Anh y em "
"You haven't been found out because you're also Japanese in a crowd of Japanese people. If you were to infiltrate a "
" : We're always craving Vietnamese-Cajun crawfish. What's your favorite Viet-Cajun crawfish joint? "
"Vietnamese fried egg rolls wrapped with lettuce look so fire "
" It's because Republicans paid attention to what the real heroes were saying who were in the Hanoi H "
"In dire need of a vietnamese sandwich"
"We're always craving Vietnamese-Cajun crawfish. What's your favorite Viet-Cajun crawfish joint? "
"  And how would you know Linda is my legal first name? Guess you never grew up in a Vietnamese h "
"Thanks  for making the trip to visit us finally!  Bun Bo Hue Dac Biet (Beef Shank, Pork Hock, Pork Mea "
"Whenever I on the north end of the #centralcoast got to stop in  and get 1 of the best Vietnamese pork rolls arou "
"are you really vietnamese if your surname isn't nguyen?"
"   Michael Avenatti got a worse beat down than those delivered by Korean superv "
" vietnamese sounds so good, i love it!!! i feel like i should have said japanese and french but i felt "
"D Anh-Vi English-Vietnamese Translator Free! "
"  don't worry, ella can still work cleaning dishes in my italian/vietnamese fusion resta "
"#Repost thanks lisaeatsla for making the trip to visit us finally! Bun Bo Hue Dac Biet (Beef Shank, Pork Hock, "
" : Serving up some Sunday Vietnamese Caramelized Pork Belly. Enjoy the rest of your day. "
" I love Vietnamese cooking and Japanese language hehe !"
" Spanish, Korean , Italian , Vietnamese and japanese"
"  Nice to meet you! I'm Vietnamese American born in Louisiana"
" : #TaehyungDaum on #GetWellSoonTaehyung trending globally &amp; V's sweet response vid.  &amp; comment with : https"
"Providing culturally respectful care for seriously-ill Vietnamese Americans "
"Yo  give me a recommend on Vietnamese in Westminster or little Saigon please"
"i would kill for some vietnamese summer rolls rn "
" Vietnamese, Korean, Latin, American Sign Language, Russian"
"Soooo the 2 bundle deals will be:  22/26/28 &amp; 22 inch closure- Cambodian Straight  20/22/26 inch &amp; 22 inch "
"Water buffalo have an important job at this Vietnamese golf course"
" Isn weird that there no anti-Vietnamese all over the world? Or anti-Peruvian all over world? W "
" Vietnamese, Mandarin, Korean, Japanese, and French."
"OKEx Crypto Exchange Is Building a Blockchain, DEX to Come Soon - "
" Be careful on the yellow brick road you silly kids believe from the Socialist Democrats,  talk to a Vi "
"More love for #Vietgone at !!://t.co/EqYBEC3j9H"
" This is pho, it a Vietnamese soup "
"hey y I wrote somethin about UTK art grad Quynh Lam for the Phoenix  check it out! "
"working in a nail salon can be so vicious... vietnamese children please love ur moms extra hard"
" :  i was actually ashamed of being vietnamese for the longest time because of how reactionary the vietnamese am"
""
" : Oh fuck off.  have awesome food means they expect her to do all the cooking and it will be Chinese/Vietnamese food."
"   So, there a double fold issue:, all korean/vietnamese woman will NEVER "
"Oh fuck off.  have awesome food means they expect her to do all the cooking and it will be Chinese/Vietnamese "
"Vietnamese immigrant moves back to Hamilton to build a high rise://t.co/3qqCN9lgMF "
" Labels, I am sure there are chinese/vietnamese women that can't cook and are not mystical "
" : Leading Vietnamese  carrier MobiFone launches new content services on the Syntonic platform. mobifoneGo offers consumers"
"did some vietnamese cooking, please ignore the dirty table "
"Sooo Vietnamese (Paris by Night, Asia, Van Son - y'all know) concerts aside....  11/04/2009. "
" : I learned that you could just use the mic on the keyboard to type in Vietnamese and it made me so powerful that my mom com"
" : Vi Nam: T gi  'c th t  m m  s' "
"Paponetti F, Boehle O, Kubasik D, Fout VX. New Vietnamese government makes an about-face on full-fledged ununpentiu "
" I had Vietnamese."
" :   its the child slayer necro who has adopted vietnamese guerilla tactics to molest the enemy"
"Spring rolls have sprung at Sea-Tac! Enjoy a Banh Mi sandwich, Pho noodle soup, or iced Vietnamese coffee at Bambuz "
"#Vietnamese fermented egg "
"  its the child slayer necro who has adopted vietnamese guerilla tactics to molest the enemy"
" Vietnamese soup lmao"
"My grandfather did some fucked up shit in Vietnam. And I don blame him for it. But I can police a Vietnamese pe "
" Was it made by a Vietnamese grandma?"
"Lol was looking in my bedside table for my lavender oil and found 74,000 Vietnamese Dong. Forgot the exchange rate "
" Seriously, though...I worked in a grocery store and this older vietnamese man (really sweet old man) "
" Thai, Chinese, Vietnamese, German and French"
"I ate a Vietnamese sandwich, sushi and crawfish today LOL"
"The Vietnamese Government has become the first to make specific pledges of action to meet the road safety SDG targe "
" :  except the vietnamese be not that crazy rich, and really doing that underground shit lol"
" :  Tr Duy Nh b c an  tra v 'li quan V Nh' "
"In a statistical study of interracial marraige, one guy commented, my ideal woman is Chinese /Vietnamese. They hav "
"Vietnamese blogger Truong Duy Nhat, who disappeared in Thailand, imprisoned in "
" : I wonder if Rep. Alan Schiff is going to broil or barbecue his Crow before he eats it. I also wonder when Senator Blumenthal"
" : Blogger Tr Duy Nh b giam  tr T16, theo hai ngu tin "
"I need to go see my Vietnamese lady Van for a pedicure "
" except the vietnamese be not that crazy rich, and really doing that underground shit lol"
" : Manchu conquers Jesup, Georgia, USA! The man in sweet Manchu hat is my Vietnamese American friend Tony Nguyen showing American"
"This San Jose Chinese/Vietnamese mainstay downtown has closed after 30 years. () "
"Proliferative retinopathy can lead to a risk for vision loss. #optometry "
"We will just let the picture speak for itself! #Vietnamese #Food #SpringRolls #SaigonSurface "
" : vietnamese iced coffee iin my veins right now im convinced i could lift a car if i wanted to"
"This great #Spring weather makes everyone want to grill! But that also requires work... so if you are wanting some "
"ICYMI:  &amp; DVAN convo w/ writers of Vietnamese diaspora  abt community, ghosts &amp; what they're fighting for!  "
"North Vietnamese media "
"B c Th Lan:  th qu  b ng d  "
"no one here but me and my Vietnamese neighbour. time for some George Michael "
" Day off! Got Vietnamese Ch for the first time today, and it's really tasty! Coconut milk is super thick "
"I believe  continues to display the S. Vietnamese flag.  They were much more open about it when my brother ap "
"Why did the  remove the South Vietnamese flag?  I'm an alumna and grew up in NWA.  My parents are S. Viet "
"When your mom is the best vietnamese cook in the city, i can always count on a meal "
"A classy Dong for the 1939 BMW 328 full of classic curves! Thanks Nate for the pic. Throng of Dong is a new website "
"omg mayhaps my vietnamese roomate is an army lmaoooo. We never talked bcs she can english and my korean sucks but "
"  William carvalho Vietnamese now?"
"Great exchange today between U/S for Political Affairs David Hale and Vietnamese Vice Foreign Minister Bui Thanh So "
"Forgive me in advance. As I read this the image of the Vietnamese Buddhist monk who set himself on fire (1963) in p "
"Today is #TolkienReadingDay and Tolkien's books have 200+ translations, making LOTR &amp; Hobbit the second best sellin "
" The congressmen who worked with thth &amp; how the Top Brass (Officers) lost half their pensions was "
" / i can speak very broken shitty vietnamese"
" : Water buffalo have an important job at this Vietnamese golf course #travel #ttot"
"Water buffalo have an important job at this Vietnamese golf course "
"Water buffalo have an important job at this Vietnamese golf course #travel #ttot"
" : Best wishes to Vietnamese residents and staff campaigning for continued funding for An Lac House "
"Tamang Vietnamese food lang "
"Best wishes to Vietnamese residents and staff campaigning for continued funding for An Lac House #SaveAnLacHouse"
" Eventually, I found military camera footage of the Vietnamese camps. even got to see my mother's "
"when I listen to kpop people ask are they speaking Chinese/Japanese? nO the k in kpop stands for Korean, not Vietnamese, Rebecca"
" I'm Vietnamese! what's your ethnicity??"
"  user fulisung is Vietnamese"
" Marky Mark would win easy, if his celebrity opponent is an elderly Vietnamese man, he would probab "
"  You can be of African descent and still be Chinese, Vietnamese, etc"
"I feel SO bad for making this Vietnamese lady touch my feet. "
" Blowhole at Kiama   Vietnamese restaurant there"
" The 1st movie script is written. Boom Badda Bing would be icing on the cake, because it "
" ASL, Korean, French, Vietnamese, Mandarin"
"    Tunnels are too small and narrow to be used for civil "
" SOON YOUR CREW WILL BE SERVING SANDWICHES NAMED AFTER ME, VIETNAMESE STYLE FOO"
"Interested in volunteering at BGCHV? BGCHV is currently looking for a Vietnamese translator! more information, "
" : Just finished work so tired. Plan is to get in make meal (Vietnamese pork tonight) then work on commissions"
"  -  "
"Diana Nguyen - Depression is a Vietnamese House ://t.co/JOAEGKrwpO "
"Take Out Fake Out #3: VIETNAMESE  "
" : Apparently the Vietnamese Ministry of Agriculture has asked that all organizations and individuals stop signing contracts t"
"WIN 1 of 3 COPIES OF VIETNAMESE FOOD ANY DAY "
" bubble milk oolong tea, yes - we have a vietnamese bubble tea shop where you can get that (but you can onl "
" No, as in somebody can be Vietnamese and still be black of their parent is black"
" ariani vietnamese reject awalla"
" sudowoodo, llamale vietnamese"
"Korean. Japanese. Mandarin. Vietnamese (to fuck with my parents), Spanish "
"  Bro what is that Vietnamese"
"Ur grandpa is back to urs   he has a old Vietnamese lady shacking his upper east side too "
"Vietnamese markets make me so happy.. glad i made my stops in Virginia before leaving last night "
" "
"vietnamese coffee hit so hard"
"Leading Vietnamese  carrier MobiFone launches new content services on the Syntonic platform. mobifoneGo offers co "
" Land of food trucks on every corner, a wide variety of most excellent cheese-steaks, and the best pizza "
" There is Vietnamese egg coffee called c ph tr that is served at cafes in Hanoi, Vietnam. It is made "
" :   White supremacists started terrorising people in Oz in the late 1970s, coinciding with arrival of"
"  I actually had some texas bbq/vietnamese fusion for lunch..."
"Tonight dinn-dinns: Vietnamese Caramel Pork (pork braised in caramel &amp; coconut water, sticky and delish) with som "
"    I thought that's what Mexican and spicy Vietnamese food was for?"
"Allen Le Nam came to #hamont as a teen, one of the Vietnamese boat people. Now he reviving a condo tower on the s "
" :  Also, in honor of the escape, I maintain this POW/MIA bracelet for SSGT Joe Delong who expired while helping"
"damn ok korean, japanese, italian, vietnamese and spanish? I guess? "
"This chicken rice is all day yo!   We only source from the finest organic  #HainanChicken "
" I can read Vietnamese f*ck off"
"I feel aliette de bodard got an unfair shake due to length...-vietnamese bodard writes intricate, elegant s "
" :  You spent that time in Vietnam b/c Nixon treasonously scuttled the Vietnamese peace talks -- which could have end"
"Jelly Donuts now offers More!  Soup at Donuts 29 Palms Doughnuts: "
"Do you ever go  this food tastes weird but can seem to stop eating it ? Cuz damn i just discovered some vietnamese snack "
"Diana Nguyen - Depression is a Vietnamese House "
"french, spanish, portuguese, vietnamese, and korean "
"15 years old Vietnamese won 3 gold medals in IWF weightlifting championship, in Last Vegas. "
"(^_^) "
" : Police at FUSION centers in your state are engaged in what type of activities?  Does any one know?  FUSION CENTERS ARE LIKE PR"
" : Then we have the umpteen thousands of Vietnamese,some who loathed America,for what was done to their land in a false war,"
"   17 - The commemoration must be celebrated after sunset and before sunrise (Exodus 34:25): "
"Then we have the umpteen thousands of Vietnamese,some who loathed America,for what was done to their land in a fals "
"17 - The commemoration must be celebrated after sunset and before sunrise (Exodus 34:25):: "
" Sis I got you!! This is Raw Double Drawn Vietnamese Hair! (The best quality)"
"Spot the difference?://t.co/JIJ4iLvtKu #cybersecurity #hackprotection #smallbiz #business "
" You spent that time in Vietnam b/c Nixon treasonously scuttled the Vietnamese peace talks -- which coul "
"VIETNAMESE SPRING ROLLS "
"   Nixon told the North Vietnamese not to hold piece talks until after the "
"I went to the nail salon today and they asked if I was Chinese...once I told them I was Mexican they say , so "
"  Why am I crying outside a Vietnamese restaurant.. congrats I swear you were 16 yesterday "
"The chemical imbalance was strong today but the manager at my fav vietnamese restaurant gave me my lunch for free  "
"I a true coffee lover, I drink my shit black and I here to tell y that Vietnamese coffee is THAT bitch."
"Related to this: yes, the Viet Cong and mujahideen were ultimately successful. But do you know how many Vietnamese "
"thought today was gonna suck for some reason but it hasn been that bad. so far, my mom and i went to get thai tea "
" : Former #Vietnamese #refugee  speaks on #Australian #Leadership of  &amp;  https:/"
"NOH DUBLIN  armed with machete sets fire to apartment complex in Priorswood and shortly after two cars in C "
"I so happy to announce that I have a huge opportunity this week with my new client, who happens to be the Best #1 "
"I so happy to announce that I have a huge opportunity this week with my new client, who happens to be the Best #1 "
"spanish arabic mandarin vietnamese and farsi "
"me and rachel both got vietnamese iced coffee today without knowing.. Our Minds"
"  Vietnamese Civilians, Ox Cart, Supply Caches, and News Crew."
"I need some bomb ass Vietnamese food"
"Fave coffee shop in Azusa: Mantra Coffee Company &amp; BnB  drinking Vietnamese coffee at Mantra Coffee Company &amp; BnB "
"If I was Callum Hudson-Odoi, I open up a Vietnamese restaurant and call it PHO by CHO"
"   Uh...who's in the glass house? Linh Dinh is a Vietnamese-American p "
"  this is basically Jim Webs I killed a Vietnamese farmer in his own country story all over again"
" Vietnamese food poisoning is a special type of hell. You have my sympathy."
"Vietnamese Egg Meatloaf (Ch Tr H) is loaded with flavour and wonderfully simple to make - via  "
"Hey Arnold y had that Vietnamese dude singing country I ain forget nigga"
"Finally got around to cook some Vietnamese dinner! as delicious as summer rolls, which is another favorite of "
" :  By nationality, China is the top with 370,000 and 30% of the total. The working industries range from manufact"
" By nationality, China is the top with 370,000 and 30% of the total. The working industries range from ma "
" :   every time I see it, I think of Kool and The Gang... I just change celebrate to elevate/cel"
"tagalog, nahuatl, french, korean &amp; vietnamese "
"saigon.asianfood  -  When was the last time you tried something and truly said YUM!  Naccache will have y "
"louis was just a boring vietnamese woman before a younger man came into their life. a perfect tale about love, fami "
"  Cubans and Vietnamese were the best students. Eager to learn and disciplined. Arabs were pa "
"Scotland's Home Movies on BBC Scotland tonight is showing footage from I think Mid 70s of Vietnamese Refugees who "
"Skip ordering takeout tonight and make an Asian-inspired recipe at home! Chinese-, Thai-, Vietnamese-, and Japanese "
"Skip ordering takeout tonight and make an Asian-inspired recipe at home! Chinese-, Thai-, Vietnamese-, and Japanese "
"I went to a new Vietnamese place &amp; I feel like I cheating on Mint"
"Chinese, Spanish, Korean, Japanese, &amp; Vietnamese "
"Red Stix is opening not one, but two new standalone locations after departing Legacy Hall ://t.co/DnQha4rOdQ "
" : This #shrimp salad is perfect for Spring and will easily become a favourite! "
"There's a huge Vietnamese food festival in #Toronto this summer "
" : The Bitcoin Standard is now available in English, Spanish, French, Korean, and Turkish, and will soon be available in Arabic"
"Vietnamese coffee and chill"
"Lunch is a Vietnamese sandwich because I was too lazy to go grocery shopping yesterday. #normalizeboringlives"
"Every Vietnamese : "
"spanish, korean, vietnamese, japanese, and french (i have reasons for all of these) "
" The best city. If you like pho or Vietnamese food, my buddy has a place 10 minutes from the French "
"The First Ever Fully-Authorized Vietnamese Crypto Exchange is Here, Thanks to the Partnership Between Vietnamese Li "
" a few years ago, there was a huge uproar in orange county because this vietnamese store owner displ "
"Korean "
" Beth's mom is Mexican and Vietnamese her dad is something like Mexican and Scottish."
" Adidas is not a fucking country! I was on subtle asian traitors the other day and saw that a post made b "
"Eating in my favourite little Vietnamese restaurant in Kings Cross. Sen Viet. On my own and I love it ,earwigging a "
" i was actually ashamed of being vietnamese for the longest time because of how reactionary the viet "
"America refused to recognize them.. Martin Luther King Jr, speaking of the Vietnamese peoples' 1945 declarati "
"My name is Kierra, my Twitter is . I mixed with Vietnamese, Black, White and Indian. My biggest mixe "
"Vietnamese Egg Meatloaf (Ch Tr H) is loaded with flavour and wonderfully simple to make - via  "
"A Taxpayer Bill of Rights is available from #IRS in English, Spanish, Chinese, Korean, Russian &amp; Vietnamese. #TBOR "
"Shop    seen wearing  Straight 16  bundles  #pgh #atl #bundlesonhand "
"HAIR REVIEWS    beautiful tyrai_lachell  is wearing are straight Vietnamese hair 16 "
"   Mueller ended up receiving a Purple Heart along with a Bronze Star, two Navy "
"Better than takeout, these Crispy Spring Rolls are full of the flavors you love! Cabbage, carrots, and mushrooms co "
" I went to a Vietnamese cafe in Chiswick and ate Singapore fried noodles( not very Vietnamese) , summer "
"Th Thi 122:6-7    Vietnamese Bible:   6 H c ho b cho Gi-ru-sa-lem;      nh ai y m th "
"Our cheat-sheet to Vietnamese etiquette and customs...#VietnameseEtiquette #VietnamGuide #VietnamTravelTips"
" .... i speak english vietnamese spanish korean... im learning chinese this summer... dont get it mixed up now."
"Tonights meal was Vietnamese Pork, using another fabulous recipe by .'m LOVING how much more creat "
"I am having a ban mi in a Vietnamese hole in the wall and they playing mariachi music. #MyAmerica"
"Vocation weekend at St. Philiphe and St. Ane Thanh Vietnamese Martyrs Catholic Community, Windsor. The community "
"Q28 Vietnamese restaurant in Munich, Germany #delicious #foodporn #vietnamese #munich #germany  Munich, Germany "
"   Fact: Nixon made a deal with North Vietnamese that on record. Roughly "
"I should send this to the after life to the Vietnamese adoptive parents of my displaced European and Polynesian Ind "
"Vietnamese drone pics fly high at int aerial photo contest - VnExpress International #drone #uav"
" you're vietnamese!?!?!"
"So sad and emotional, our last night in wonderful Berlin  Tonight's fabulousness: Vietnamese scran at the Viet Bow "
"Just out: newest Vietnamese cook book! Ways To Wok Your Dog"
" I don know if you ever been there but there an amazing place in the corn exchange called pho w "
" Alexandra from Pitchbox, sucker for vietnamese kitchen. The spicier the better#contentchat"
"I checked in at Bun Mi Vietnamese Grill on #Yelp "
"One of my hype moments watching #UsMovie was realizing Zora shirt said Rabbit in Vietnamese."
"Slow-simmered and rich in amino acids and collagen, our Vietnamese Pho Broth makes for an authentic Pho experience "
"Have you had the chance to try our Vietnamese Lemongrass &amp; Chili Grilled Chicken recipe yet? It's a fan favorite! G "
"Or Vietnamese warrior Lady Trieu:  "
"Goodbye, Vietnamese Shellday"
"When will the US recognize Senkaku as Japanese, Scarborough as Filipino, Paracels as Vietnamese, Kashmir as Indian? "
"asian people are some of the strongest people i know. i just saw a 4 vietnamese woman carry four boxes of veget "
"Japanese, Korean, Arabic, Russian, Vietnamese "
"This #shrimp salad is perfect for Spring and will easily become a favourite! "
"Vietnamese coffee w/ a shot of tequila "
"There are many phos in Vietnamese:, ph, ph, ph, ph, ph, ph, only , refers to the flat rice noodl "
"  which was heavily dependent on Persian Gulf oil. 1970, the US was bogged down in the Vie "
" : [New project] will post PlueMon Kazz full interview in English and Chinese here.  only post the Vietnamese one"
"There goes a sight for my soul! * true #delicacy!  #rarebeef #carpaccio : thin sliced #beef #greenonions "
" : Hello, is the official account of a small Vietnamese blog named 435 miles to the North which supports for Pleumon"
" : Nguyen Ba Binh &amp; Andrew Terry (2014) Meeting the Challenges for Franchising in Developing Countries: The Vietnamese Exper"
"Vietnamese lunch followed by milk tea for dessert. Plans to traumatize the Godiva shop next! #TravelingSisterhood #Dallas"
" : Once again, the United States inflicts Agent Orange on the Vietnamese people. "
"My man  will be at Relish Cooking School on Vashon Island on March 29th (my birthday!) teaching Vietn "
" : A Vietnamese woman carries her children and possessions on bamboo pole as she tries to escape fierce fighting in the C"
"#VietnamPeoplesNavy #Frigate Arrives in #Malaysia for Langkawi International Air and Maritime Exhibition 2019 ( "
"  Ok to be fair we pulled out, we lost cause because we left our ally, also being nationalist isn "
"  Phoebe, Vietnamese students who are studying abroad are sons and or daughters of corru "
"/Ti Vi"
"Bringing the Shore back into Shoreditch with our Seafood Platter: Summer roll, spring roll, crispy sweet potato sal "
" : Is there a lullaby that means something special to you? Our current artist in residence Ceyda Oskay has been collecting lu"
"Mexico and U,S  becomes one state, Yes for many reasons, Mexico has a lot of natural resources,Oil we become a stro "
"Was so happy Uncle Ngoc (1 of Kim 5 older brothers) and his family could visit this weekend! My kids were spoiled "
"The great Vietnamese Cold Brew Soft Serve is back now at softswervenyc  #softswervenyc  Soft Swerve "
" I just ate duck at a vietnamese restaurant... it was bad"
"There goes a sight for my soul! * A true #delicacy! #rarebeef #carpaccio : thin sliced #beef #greenonions #shallots "
"Logo design for Saola, a Vietnamese restaurant located at USC Village. Saola is fast-fine food offering Chef Hannah "
" : Delicious French Vietnamese food, dining #party atmosphere at new restaurant of #Mynt #southbeach "
"Th Thi 122:6-7  Bible:  c ho b cho Gi-ru-sa-lem; nh ai y m th  "
"G cu/nem cu &amp; ph b, my favorite Vietnamese soup  "
"a lot of my vietnamese family thinks i don't understand or speak vietnamese but little do they know i just don't like them"
"There goes a sight for my soul! * true #delicacy!  #rarebeef #carpaccio : thin sliced #beef #greenonions "
" : You ever date a Vietnamese girl before? "
"  *   I need to spellcheck my Vietnamese."
"Keep location secret from Chinese and Vietnamese nationals! "
"  I sorry, I finished reading this but I just in shock to know you Vietnamese. Nh r  "
"Have you ever tried our Vietnamese coffee? #elkhartindiana #thegatewaymile #latteart #coffeehouse #coffee #elkhart "
""
"Crazy how they got these Vietnamese ppl in here working ina warehouse for $8.00 "
" : Uh to summarize what I heard from a Vietnamese cosplayer who just got back from Malaysia safely without being arrested, the or"
" : A jury in Columbus awarded $27M for the family of a 22-year-old Vietnamese-American U.S. Army veteran who was killed when"
" : Chinese ship reportedly rams and sinks a Vietnamese fishing boat in the Paracels (again). China's neighbors have become so"
" : GJC#GJC Does the US China trade crisis affect Vietnamese steel companies?://t.co/ThLpEKTADZ"
"Mandarin, German, Vietnamese, Dutch, Cantonese "
"But What Are You? by Barton Williams  was born during the Vietnamese war and was transported in a cardboard "
"Great food in the sunshine - nothing better!  Vietnamese noodle bowl from  #victoriaparkmarket "
"WIN 1 of 3 COPIES OF VIETNAMESE FOOD ANY DAY "
"Love Asian fusion cuisine? Join us in the kitchen and learn dishes like Indonesian beef curried noodles, Vietnamese "
"Thank you Pastor Hai for a wonderful time in Phoenix Arizona with Vietnamese people from many places "
"Apparently the Vietnamese Ministry of Agriculture has asked that all organizations and individuals stop signing con "
"I have  Little Prince written in, French, German, Spanish, Latin, Italian, Scottish Gaelic, Irish Gael "
"I make so much money when someone asks me if I Vietnamese. Haha whatcha know about being southeast Asian?"
"Anyone speak Vietnamese or can refer me to a translator?"
"How do all you guys think about him? #TwitterBestFandom #TeamBTS #Vietnam #Vietnamese #love #LikeForLikes "
" =))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))  Vietnamese = kachow kachang kachingchong n ti du k hay d"
"If I eat this girls pussy, id be having Thai food ,Cambodian food, Chinese food, and Vietnamese with sum Native American. Fucking delicious"
"no pichu in vietnamese crystal either"
"Smiling more than ever. #HappinessDay #vietnamese #proudtobe "
" : Has the USA forgotten? Millions of Vietnamese and Cambodians massacred and gassed by Agent Orange. By them. "
"Just finished work so tired. Plan is to get in make meal (Vietnamese pork tonight) then work on commissions"
"  'Of course the aggressiveness of liberal imperialism is not that of Nazi Germany, tho "
" Chinese vietnamese spanish japanese and italian!"
" ya its vietnamese"
"   17 - Ukumbusho lazima uadhimishwe baada ya jua na kabla ya jua (Kutoka 34:25):: "
"17 - Ukumbusho lazima uadhimishwe baada ya jua na kabla ya jua (Kutoka 34:25):: "
"She also gave me Vietnamese candy  "
"Both pieces of media for my Southeast Asian studies class heavily involve sex or romance. Because yes. Lets trivial "
"I had the best dinner last night, honey lemongrass chicken vermicelli bowl with a Vietnamese iced coffee with fine "
"TIL of Vietnamese happy pizza. Go Green!"
"A jury in Columbus awarded $27M for the family of a 22-year-old Vietnamese-American U.S. Army veteran who was kille "
"East Bay businesswoman Anh Nguyen is keeping the Cam Huong vibe alive at 920 Webster Street with Vietnamese deli, C "
"Some people went out to eat (like the Vietnamese cosplayer I mentioned) so they were able to escape, but some of th "
"Uh to summarize what I heard from a Vietnamese cosplayer who just got back from Malaysia safely without being arres "
"craving Vietnamese iced coffee "
"A jury in Columbus awarded $27M for the family of a 22-year-old Vietnamese-American U.S. Army veteran who was kille "
"  Vietnamese got hit hard by bitconnect, I'm not surprised they're overly cautious. They'r "
"I only know limited Chinese cuisne bc of my heritage and Vietnamese food is completely foreign territory but I wanna do it right "
"I love vietnamese spring rolls and this place we used to go to before they closed made the BEST ONES and I MISSED THEM"
"I had Vietnamese food with my fam last night and the waiter showed me how to make the G Cu (Vietnamese Spring R "
" : Vietnamese citizens were outraged after a man was fined $8 for forcibly kissing a woman in an elevator. rape, sex"
" I always use a Pilot V5 for proof mark up. Lovely pens. I need a brush pen to start practising my Japane "
"Chinese warriors posing after conquering Jesup, Georgia, USA. man in sweet Manchu hat is my Vietnamese Americ "
"Mandarin, Japanese, Korean, Russian, and Vietnamese :P "
"All the greens....#vietnamesefood #vietnam #foodporn #food #foodie #pho #instafood #vietnamese #delicious "
"Manchu conquers Jesup, Georgia, USA! The man in sweet Manchu hat is my Vietnamese American friend Tony Nguyen showi "
""
""
"#vietnam #saigon #vietnamese #saigonese #vscovietnam "
""
""
"I FUCKI G SPELLEX SOMETHING WRONG ok hold let me . i wanf to learn russian and finnish WAIT and estonian all the ba "
"When it comes to cuisine from Asia, this is how I rank it (for my personal taste). Korean (really into Korean BBQ "
"If I culd jus live off Vietnamese food I would"
"Are you of Vietnamese and Caucasian descent? You could be a possible match and save Ryan life  "
"#hanoi #Vietnam #traveltips #travelforfood #foodtour #vietnamese"
"Watching The OA on netflix. An asian woman appeared and spoke nonsense at a man and below the subtitle said  "
"it really do be $5 for a vietnamese iced coffee in the TL....... WHY is this city so fucked up lmao"
"View the glimpses from the Vietnamese Ao Dai #Event where the Delegates witnessed the luxury sedan #MercedesBenz "
"one of the vietnamese people in my english class fell asleep after talking to another vietnamese person he knew "
"A few days after Phan Thi Mao's kidnapping, her mother convinced a South Vietnamese army unit to help her search f "
" It took until  podcast #Bagman to find a detail of HW's collusion in #Watergate it took 50 "
"The First Ever Fully-Authorized Vietnamese Crypto Exchange is Here, Thanks to the Partnership Between Vietnamese Li "
"I definitely enjoyed myself this weekend. Kaya (Jamaican), Kim Son (Vietnamese), Tselogs (Filipino), &amp; Dottie's (Am "
"Skip ordering takeout tonight and make an Asian-inspired recipe at home! Chinese-, Thai-, Vietnamese-, and Japanese "
"Did you know women, children and ethnic minorities find it the hardest to reconstruct their lives after a natural d "
" When the trees speak Vietnamese and the chips speak French."
"  These weird vietnamese cartoons..."
"we had a great day at our vietnamese dine and watch event #movieday #movie #casablanca #vietnamese "
"Vietnamese Caviar Mint Seitan "
"More Vietnamese people are embracing digital payments such as visa as a faster and convenient way to pay for all go "
"Japanese, Arabic, Tagalog, Vietnamese, Greek "
"like the room can be so loud and when i hear vietnamese i just like "
"B ch by Thao Luu '20 via Rau Ram Modern Vietnamese !!!It my attempt at making bun cha if you wanna know "
"Five Vietnamese people died in a bus accident in  on Saturday, one including a pregnant woman. "
" serves whitey right. They suck up to Muzxies, not Indians, Vietnamese, Laotian. "
" : What a wonderful story about a Vietnamese refugee's paper that was a lifeline to new Orange County residents -- and publi"
"can even concentrate on class cause of my tunnel listening when i hear vietnamese"
"vietnamese people talk sO MUCH omg it so annoying "
"With my Vietnamese friends in their traditional dress "
" : Marvelous piece on the newspaper that nurtured the US Vietnamese refugees for 40 yrs, by Anh Do   https"
"my mom didn know i was behind her and thought i was some random vietnamese.. my dad friend also thought i vie "
"Vietnamese coffee &gt; Starbucks   me. You wrong. "
" Every now and again I fancy a really nice pizza. But: Vietnamese food - right back at you."
"If you bring them through the doors and have them try it, they'll usually love it - Tom Van tells us about the ch "
"Kamusta na kaya yung Vietnamese na inirereto sakin ni JV na kaklase nya? Hahahahahaha. Mukhang exciting talaga lumipat sa PUP"
"#ICE  #vietnamese  add zalo ho iG. Nha "
"Hoa  Lan #hoadialan #hoalan #dialan #vietnam #vietnamese "
"Disappeared Vietnamese blogger detained in Hanoi "
" :  It takes time to track down the original items being sold without permission from our Vietnamese scammers but it's a g"
"We wanted to bring a different taste to people rather than sticking to traditional Vietnamese food says Tom Van a "
" Yes!!!! I read some in vietnamese and it was cringey as hell. I prefer english anytime. Plus, ther "
" 10 | NHK "
" It takes time to track down the original items being sold without permission from our Vietnamese scammers but it' "
" Yes!  cooking is a very broad definition of varied cooking styles. It encompasses #Thai "
"I wish I understood Vietnamese because I know my nail people love talking shit"
"Frustrating for me to sit in a Vietnamese restaurant and hearing other people talking about my culture and bullshit "
"Fun fact Zander killed 6 people in Vietnam a few years ago. Not in the Vietnamese war. He literally just went to Vi "
"The Vietnamese government making up fake buddhist temples and staffing it with their people so they can launder mon "
"    i Vietnamese too  but i haven tried that before "
" : Join us at ADBI in Tokyo on 3 April 2019 for a seminar with Waseda University Dr Saang Joon Baak on , Invest"
" : Vietnamese Health Officials have identified over 20,000 natural species of plants in their country more than the 12,000 fo"
"Is there a lullaby that means something special to you? Our current artist in residence Ceyda Oskay has been collec "
"some Vietnamese fruit "
". urges #Vietnamese and #Thai authorities to explain disappearance of journalist #TruongDuyNhat two months "
" :  S E L C O U T H  project for #XIUMIN in HANOI, VIETNAM is coming soon .... Vietnamese ELSAs with "
"lmfao there these girls in my vietnamese class talking about pr*ttymuch and w*w "
" : We had the required Safety and Health Protection on the Job Poster (MIOSHA/CET #2010) translated into Arabic, Chinese, Vietnam"
"Newest member of the family has arrived --Ten Things in Vietnamese! Also on the way in the next few weeks: Spanish, "
"I'm at Basilic Vietnamese Grill in Lauderdale by the Sea, FL "
" : Deprived of citizenship, the Vietnamese of Cambodia live on the edge of society Discrimination p"
"Vietnamese Health Officials have identified over 20,000 natural species of plants in their country more than the 12 "
"Listen to  - The Rose on #SoundCloud #Vietnam #vietnamese #music #Westlife  "
"  Not sure if you know that Indians and Chinese hate each other. we're not gonna talk ab "
"Chilling the tapioca in an ice bath until it's ready to be turned into our delicious Coconut Tapioca Pudding! "
"Wow, the most industrious little buggers on the planet, these Vietnamese are. There's no wonder the Yanks struggled "
"#Vietnamese perspective: Commitment of the #US is still stable for regional order. "
"Nh L Khen, Ch, G . Ch t tr tr m ph h c qu v d cho ch t v kh n ti c t "
"SBS Vi ng | SBS Your Language "
" Maori, spanish, japanese, italian and vietnamese"
"        "
"  Happy 26/03-our lovely Jihoonie's debut day. Wish all the best to him in his career.Ju "
" : The Vietnamese community in Westminster, Orange County  the largest outside Vietnam  has built a destination for banh mi, garl"
" ely - september 2 - she/her - vietnamese - doyum - all the boys uwu"
"   Why do you think so???  i'm Vietnamese and i cant do that "
" :  son of Vietnamese immigrants in Cajun country,  grew up on pho and dirty rice. Those influences, along with"
"Vietnamese noodle blocks are usually wheat flour, palm oil, rice vinegar and cry yourself to periodical consumption of flour,"
"#UsMovie SPOILER/ Easter Egg my gawd!!  Zora  shirt! con th is rabbit in Vietnamese! "
" ^^^all Caucasian. I get that it worse if you have a  in America name but people only speak the lang "
" :   I threw C-ration cans at the heads of passing hungry Vietnamese orphaned children on th"
"Nimm mich zur, Vietnam#vietmarket #vietnamese #  Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam "
"I discovered this restaurant when I worked around the corner from it. I already had several choices for good Vietna "
"Deprived of citizenship, the Vietnamese of Cambodia live on the edge of society Discrimina "
"  I threw C-ration cans at the heads of passing hungry Vietnamese orphaned children "
" : Second-generation Vietnamese American,  exec dir  understands importance of "
" Hello! I need help on how to install the translated file into Vietnamese language, please help!"
"#live #news 25/03/2019: Tin t bu s  m v   xem: "
"#Vinacas warns of #cashew import quality control after some importers have broken the domestic agreement (15% depos "
" : Lmfaooooo!!! I loving the vietnamese accent.. SO FUNNY AND CUTE AT THE SAME TIME.#plastiquetiara #teamplastique #te"
""
" The funny part is my vietnamese name. When people have to say it out loud (for voting for example), ther "
" Korean, japanese, canto, Vietnamese, and german for me"
"Banh cuan for breakfast. Vietnamese steamed rice rolls with minced pork and woodear mushrooms. And julienne Vietnam "
"Street foods by night! Vietnamese pizza! amazing!#Banh_Trang_Tron #Vietnam"
" : There are many foreigners near me. Russians -Chinese - Vietnamese -Libyan - Syrian and Middle Eastern people - Afr"
" Hmmm. Interesting that language is not mentioned in this thread. Putting identity politics aside, al "
"This has got to be my fav #Vietnamese city!  #DaNang "
" Week 11 of challenge: Vietnamese inspired pho!  : "
"Cambodian War - Wikipedia "
"Setting up a business in Vietnam? Representative Office (RO) is among the most common option for first-time entr "
" Tr Duy Nh b c an  tra v 'li quan V Nh' "
" : Read this paper on Asian Americans by Brookings heterogeneity among Asians.'s focus on Vietnamese Americans - tend to"
" : Monolithic data on all Asian students mask differences in discipline rates among subgroups like Cambodian and Vietnamese, rep"
"I can believe I didn take advantage of this when I used to hang out with this Vietnamese girl"
"chicken adobo with nuoc-cham (vietnamese dipping sauce) instead of soy / vinegar via /r/Cooking "
"firefox-developer-edition-i18n-vi 67.0b4-1 (any/Community)Vietnamese language pack for Firefox Developer Edition&lt;2019-03-25&gt;"
"I still can get over the fact that zora shirt says  which means  in vietnamese lmao peele "
"There are many foreigners near me. Russians -Chinese - Vietnamese -Libyan - Syrian and Middle Eastern people - "
"eating Vietnamese food at The Red Boat Asian Fusion - Boca Raton "
"Lunch with Vietnamese beef Pho in Gerik, Malaysia.Praise the Lord Jesus Christ! tr v ph b t Gerik, Malaysia C  Ch Jesus!"
"I know what we need on this Monday morning! A big stack of these Vietnamese Coffee Pancakes with Cinnamon Butter. P "
"As of the end of last year, there were 20,330 Vietnamese studying at all levels in Canada. This means that Vietnam "
" BTS Idol, everyone in the group please take care of your health and help these fans.  After the rec "
"I wonder if Rep. Alan Schiff is going to broil or barbecue his Crow before he eats it. I also wonder when Senator B "
" son of Vietnamese immigrants in Cajun country,  grew up on pho and dirty rice. Those influences, a "
"TH N GIA TRUY  Vietnamese Grilled Pork Food "
"Vietnamese Style #chicken Meatballs. #recipesharing "
" BTS Idol, everyone in the group please take care of your health and help these fans. After the recent "
" No problem. I also menabung before this. Yg penting jgn too much shopping. Better makan. Worth trying "
"Anybody want to join me for delicious Vietnamese food in Hither Green on Friday?  Arlo &amp; Moe "
" : Vi-Trung c giao l thanh ni v v h Nho gia "
" Mueller is actually back at work today! What a fking patriot! That boss as  I would quit! Or shown "
" but you eat sushi right?? So you're Japanese.no im Vietnamese.mm no. You're from japan lol??"
"Vi-Trung c giao l thanh ni v v h Nho gia "
" Ah ok! It sounds much like Pho Binh. It's a hot soup made by a local Vietnamese restaurant. It's my g "
"Ground pork, shrimp, carrots, glass noodles, eggs, wood ear mushrooms, and plenty of fish sauce, topped with a gold "
" : Here's a tasty deep dive into Vietnamese cuisine "
"This is the concert held in Chile in support of #Venezuela &amp; #Maduro The concert was called  Right to Live in P "
"The shift of Vietnamese students to Canada marches on - #GoogleAlerts"
" : the fact that the vietnamese people nursed him back to health and allowed him to live after he was caught intentionall"
"All in Vietnamese but I rlly like this guy  "
"just seen a vietnamese rock ape just now"
" And we all know that a strong dong is what all the Vietnamese need right now."
"yall just found myself a *fREE* Vietnamese tutor im so happy "
"Vietnamese eatery #Pho24 has done it again!  #Smyrna location to open in place of former Opa Greek Taverna "
" : Meet Chuong Le. He's an immigrant from Vietnam and the owner of Pho Saigon. He believes that with  food you can exper"
"Embalmed legendary turtle goes on display in Vietnamese island temple "
"Viet-Cajun crawfish is the new standard in Houston. Here are the top spots to dig in. "
" That still seems like a failure to me, given that it took 10 years of intense opposition and in the "
"Ready to branch out and try something new on our menu? Learn about a variety of Vietnamese food and flavors. "
""
"Someone bring me green tea bubble tea from my fave Vietnamese place in chapel hill"
"  5 vietnamese ching chong paint my moms nails"
""
"Vietnamese dance crew cover PARK YUCHUN SLOW DANCE  "
" Vietnamese police team climbing wall using a long bamboo pole -  Mr Trump will get extra headache when the Mexic "
" Also, in honor of the escape, I maintain this POW/MIA bracelet for SSGT Joe Delong who expired while "
"  No one ever in Germany said my Vietnamese Name right, I can't pronounce some Vietnamese "
" does than make me Vietnamese?"
"This Vegan Food Stall Takes Vietnamese Cuisine Back to Its Roots "
"Kim  donut shop (Studio City) is awesome, my usual Vietnamese coffee  and egg sandwich  + maple bar is like under $8"
"Sometimes i forget i speak in third person in vietnamese"
" : Evaluation of the Anti-Trypanosomal Activity of Vietnamese Essential Oils, with Emphasis on Curcuma longa L. and Its Componen"
" :  InterRice In February, rice world prices fell by 2% in average, led once again by the sharp contraction in Viet"
" : Yum yum yummy ! Vietnamese street food in Central Brussels &lt;3 #food #foodtales #foodporn #foodgasm #vietnam #streetfood #"
"beautiful  in #Vietnamese "
"  explain why john mccain deserves to have good things said about him and why you think i "
"Yum yum yummy ! Vietnamese street food in Central Brussels &lt;3 #food #foodtales #foodporn #foodgasm #vietnam "
"  Over 3 million Vietnamese, Cambodian, and Laotian people lost their lives. You can advocate "
"  It also depends what country they are from, Koreans and Vietnamese both use the name "
"It's always a good idea to eat some Vietnamese Food. Thank you  for this beautiful shot! #ChinaTown "
" interesting. are these texts in chinese or vietnamese written in chinese characters?"
"Sorbian, Sotho, Spanish, Sundanese, Swahili, Swedish, Tagalog, Tamil, Telugu, Thai, Tigrinya, Tswana, Turkish, Turk "
"Embalmed legendary turtle goes on display in Vietnamese island temple "
"Vietnamese sapsucker "
"In brief: Vietnamese ride-hailing app set for Singapore launch next month "
"..are already here. This is because within weeks of being elected in 1979 with a promise to curb immigration Mrs Th "
"Many Vietnamese &amp; Iranians enter the UK illegally. They're not Commonwealth citizens, so why don't they go to neigh "
"Lucky to have met all of you guys. Continue to spread Vietnamese/Vietnamese American culture and grow a loving and "
"We are hosting a Spring Tea this Saturday starting at 10:30 am! Clare Wahlers of Zen Tea will demonstrate a traditi "
"One lady asked me if we had a bun. I saif yes and pointed her to it. She said it was the wrong bun and asked someon "
"Check out Episode 014 of  here: "
"Vietnamese x Indian pre-engagement  My sister looks beautiful in her  D from . So lovely seeing tw "
" : ://t.co/P9MeD2Zv7O  selection methods and sampling techniques to #financial #distress prediction for #Vietname"
"I fucking hate coffee, but Vietnamese coffee is tolerable."
" Very vietnamese "
"://t.co/P9MeD2Zv7O  selection methods and sampling techniques to #financial #distress prediction f "
"I just found out my other greatgrandfather's full name.. Its Pio Dy Hong Gan  Hong common Chinese surname in the S "
" : ://t.co/NWsx0Thd4t selection methods and sampling techniques to #financial #distress prediction for #Vie"
"(*`*) ph / S  / Akihoro Nishino "
"One of the biggest questions I have: Why is dragon fruit called thanh long in Vietnamese if it's pink???"
" If only the Venn diagram were so simple... France and China both have bad track records against Vietnamese farmers..."
"://t.co/NWsx0Thd4t selection methods and sampling techniques to #financial #distress prediction for "
"Vietnamese  Em ye^u anh (to male)   dy garu{sweetie.threads_ on ig}  Ikh hob dikh"
"Telugu  Nenu ninnu premistunnanu  Chan rak khun (to male)  Phom rak khun (to female)  Seni Se "
" :    After he cut a deal with the North Vietnamese to snort circuit the peace talks"
"Waving to my new followers! A little about me: I'm Vietnamese-American born and raised in Louisiana, now living in "
" : The recoil of the M14 on full auto was NOT a flaw. It was designed that way so that women, twinks, and small Asian men"
"One decision is all it takes! #zerotofluent #arabic #chinese #english #spanish #italian #igbo #russian #vietnamese "
"How many languages other than English can you speak? #zerotofluent #arabic #chinese #english #spanish #italian "
"On your marks, get set... get fluent! #zerotofluent #arabic #chinese #english #spanish #italian #igbo #russian "
"Even though I love Vietnamese food, I'm looking forward to Pukka pie, chips and gravy tonight."
""
"Gorgeous spring mornings call for Vietnamese iced coffees all around. Today's libation made with  and "
""
" HMMMM I am INTRIGUED but I've been trying to wind down on my caffeine so Vietnamese coffee might be too "
"When Winner advertised Vietnamese Oreo cakes "
" : Vietnamese and Thai authorities must come clean about journalist disappearance reports that independent journalis"
"Ethnic Vietnamese living on Tonl Sap Lake are stateless people, they do not have the same protections &amp; privileges "
"An Nam Wings  #vietnameserestaurant #vietnamesegrill #annam #malboroughma "
"Fancy some authentic Vietnamese cuisine without the 16hr flight?  on 53 Warren St just up the road from Eu "
"I went to a Chinese Restaurant in a small border town on the northern side of the Turtle Mountains called Boissevai "
"Art by fish from a Japanese father #Japanese , #vietnamese , #decorate , #funny, #Creative "
"Vietnamese and Thai authorities must come clean about journalist disappearance reports that independent "
" : New #recipe for Vegan Pho on the site now - #vegan #veganism #veganfood #Vietnam #vietnamese https"
". calls on #Vietnamese and #Thai authorities to investigate #disappearance of journalist #TruongDuyNhat. "
"Today is the International Day of Remembrance of Slavery and the Transatlantic Slave Trade.  for the safety of "
" A Vietnamese restaurant try golden flower that where I usually go"
"W/the singer from California at a Vietnamese fundraiser on 3/23/19 "
"We are pleased to announce the launch of the The Anam's weekly 'Artist in Residence' Vietnamese art and street food "
"New #recipe for Vegan Pho on the site now - #vegan #veganism #veganfood #Vietnam #vietnamese "
" : Nice to receive the Translating Feminisms chapbooks from , translated from Vietnamese, Tamil, Nepali and"
"Venezuela: Hai m bay qu s Nga  xu g Caracas "
"hello Vietnamese lamoks pls stop biting me already patulugin nyo na ako ng deretso kahit isang gabi lang"
"Vietnamese Pho noodle soup in Manchester, Y. I liken Manchester to the Chicago of England: a large, post-indust "
"Vietnamese influencer platform Hiip bags 7-digit funding led by Thai Vnet Capital  "
"New Post! &gt; Vietnamese Coffee Pancakes with Cinnamon Butter are a delightful and scrumptious meal to make for break "
" : Vietnamese Accountability Update! My Vietnam trip is over, so here is what I have been working on: learning how to introd"
"You like bacon? How about Vietnamese salons? way here's this week's episode, where we discuss All Will Be "
"vietnamese oomfs suggest some food for me to try while im in vietnam"
"ASEAN Ladies Circle in New Delhi:  Beauty of Vietnamese Ao Dai in India hosted Ambassador Pham Sanh Chao &amp; Mad "
"Blood of a diseased Vietnamese man &gt; soda"
"Monolithic data on all Asian students mask differences in discipline rates among subgroups like Cambodian and Vietn "
"Always happy to see new restaurants willing to dig a bit deeper into Vietnam impressively deep roster of sweet-so "
"Have you ever tried Tr V L (Fertilized duck egg) in #Hanoi? Explore more with 4k video here: "
" I just got the Vietnamese family who live in my loft to do it. Only costs me 25p a day plus food scraps. Great value."
"  Checkmate jimmy, you vietnamese piece of-"
"Delicious French Vietnamese food, dining #party atmosphere at new restaurant of #Mynt #southbeach "
" Hello i really like your artwork and want to translate it into Vietnamese T T Can you give me your pe "
" Vietnamese Mossy Frog: they can be found in Vietnam, in habitats with lots of moss. They are very rare "
" Guess I went to a place where the lady running the front desk was Vietnamese or something. She tried "
"Vietnamese  "
" I pray for his soul as well as the girl and the mother.  We will never know. My Vietnamese wife sa "
"    h r "
"  T ngh l t nay n coi ch "
" : T h nay Hwarang tr HTV2 Hansung m n ... t l m ra, kh,xem l tr YT c kh ...  H nay th th"
"Are you a fan of pho? If so, or if you haven't had a chance to try this super trendy, inexpensive and delicious Vie "
"disabled anime-loving Black woman about to get in a romance with an autistic Vietnamese-American man obsessed with "
"Netflix series: The OA. Season 2 Episode 1 (Brand new season) grandmother offers to pay a detective 30k "
" :  I mean I don know Vietnamese...but interesting nonetheless"
" :  do we tell our stories and not anger our parents? How do we respect our community and still depict our vision? If the truth"
" : Lady Tri - A Legend of the Vietnamese Resistance Movement "
" : When Trump dies and goes to Hell, I afraid it will be the same N Vietnamese prison camp McCain was in. his captor"
"Went to the SAAM Vietnam war exhibit and there was a couple taking professional engagement photos next to anything "
" : A Vietnamese ex-colleague was illiterate at age 16 when she moved to Australia on refugee status. Her family is broken &amp;"
" Hickam Air Force base housing was really crap so the Vietnamese centipedes would get in"
"#bitcoin #ico #xrp #IoT #enigma $USD $CNY $BTCUSD #money #smartmoney "
" is it from gascony? my vietnamese supermarket has them. i've not yet deployed the giblets effectively so read with interest."
"  White supremacists started terrorising people in Oz in the late 1970s, coinciding with arrival "
" : #Trashtag challenge in #Vietnam. Full video: "
" : VIETNAMESE AMERICAN COMMUNITY OF DALLAS SCHOLARSHIP is available to an American-Vietnamese student with permanent resid"
"Vietnamese Egg Meatloaf (Ch Tr H) is loaded with flavour and wonderfully simple to make - via  "
"Dinner 3/23/19 - rice noodles and pork patties with vietnamese sauce, chicken and rice, popcorn"
" : ://t.co/0"
"Dating back to the 11th century, #waterpuppet performances are ideal for light entertainment and insight into Vietn "
" : This afternoon.... was soup on the BBQ! Well.... Vietnamese Pho to be a little more precise made using the "
"South Vietnamese leaders order a temporary halt to the strategic hamlet program history thisdayinhistory "
" There're so many kinds of steamed bun in general so I don't think they understand, especially non asians "
"   I've called Vietnamese People En-Guyen so i'm basically going to hell"
"Poor Linkages Undermine Vietnamese Tourism Development: The oversea tour prices after discounts are cheaper than th "
"Spring has sprung!  off those Winter woes and say hello to Spring with School of Wok NEW offer! Giving you "
"We had the required Safety and Health Protection on the Job Poster (MIOSHA/CET #2010) translated into Arabic, Chine "
"Methadone Maintenance Treatment Reduces the Vulnerability of Drug Users on HIV/AIDS in Vietnamese Remote Settings. "
"    Ummm, you are defending his access Hollywood remark?  I d "
"Nice to receive the Translating Feminisms chapbooks from , translated from Vietnamese, Tamil, Nepal "
" No dear!! I'm from Vietnam and sure i'm Vietnamese.. i'm know Greece but i'm no go to Greece"
"The First Ever Fully-Authorized Vietnamese Crypto Exchange is Here, Thanks to the Partnership Between... "
"I have Vietnamese chili in my nose and I think I going to DIE"
"Yummy Vietnamese food! "
" being told you useless in Vietnamese hits differently"
" : Our Ss had a wonderful visit today from A.N mom who shared with us a lot about her Vietnamese culture -the food, dress, musi"
" : Following the defeat of Japan in WW2, France was determined to reestablish its colonial rule over Vietnam. In 1946 the"
"Simply Pho: A Complete Course in Preparing Authentic Vietnamese Meals at Home. By Helen Le "
"Appearances are deceptive,unassuming outlets sometimes offer the best food #littlesaigon never had the inkling that "
"PM #NguyenXuanPhuc welcomes Germany's upcoming law that will ease conditions on import of Vietnamese manpower in a "
"The Vietnamese-style tandoori masala pork belly is so fresh today!"
"The Vietnam war; The trees speak vietnamese. - USA soldier winter war; The snow speaks Finnish. - Soviet so "
"://t.co/vXHnEh3uOx"
"Fortis Student Living proud sponsors of Vietnamese Cultural Day in Sheffield! "
"Vietnamese but eating Ph with a fork, I'm a disgrace "
" : The shift of Vietnamese students to Canada marches on, writes Ashwill. #highered #Vietnam #Canada://t.co/5we2u"
"Ch Ba V ng l l th vong-03-24://t.co/ESNO5gyqC0 "
"  Vietnamese crawfish "
"C chuy v hai b c: M ng  tr t do, m ng v  b x x-03-24 "
" : Students in Ms. Hirschbeck class completed Culturegrams We had students representing Pakistani, Brazilian, Scottish, Ir"
" : More than 5 Vietnamese TV at our  Summit in Hanoi to cover the conference about sharing best practices for Trade an"
"5 lao  Vi thi m khi  xin visa  Th Lan-03-24://t.co/ZOw2xMlo7l "
" the Vietnamese army miss you so much, BTS"
"  *dabs in Vietnamese*"
"Last Chance! Fav, Follow &amp; Retweet &amp; you can win a Rod Stewart cudgel-snuggling Vietnamese Bible Fridge Magnet - GL "
"The Vietnamese economy is seen expanding 6.6% in 2019 and 6.4% in 2020. Read more: "
" : Hello #ArtistsofSEA ! I'm Pech, a vietnamese self-taught artist that loves to draw dogs and cute vibes "
"   I just don speak Vietnamese"
"Thanh Bui is a Vietnamese singer this collab hits home  "
"Cocot me if im wrong but vietnamese food is tastier than thai food"
"12,000 Vietnamese die from tuberculosis each year: report "
"#Highlandscoffee #VietNamese no1 my heart. "
" Prayers for my dad.  He's is the hospital for a blood clot in his lungs.  Our mom and younger brother "
" : Leading Vietnamese Carrier Launches New Content Services Using  Revenue Generation Platform "
"   I'm DONE! too"
"V th vong ch Ba V: d lu d s "
"Here is the Russian version of My Morning Routine! Excited that it becoming available in more and more languages. "
"Vietnamese spring rolls with peanut butter sauce (G cu) "
"  ...but only one beat the National Guard, the Vietnamese, the Russians (more than once), t "
"Spent 3 hours being rowed by a Vietnamese lady through the waterways and caves of Trang An #vietnam Known as the Ha "
"Can you say this 3 times fast without messing up? For even more #TongueTwisters! "
"We are cousins! is so so sooo fast. already going to school! catch up soon!!#japanese "
" You not Vietnamese"
" : Exploring the Engineering Design process through the potential future problem of requiring floating gardens with increasing"
"Have one spoonful of the Shrimp Pho and you be mesmerized. We are sure that you shall savor the taste of the Shr "
" Blimey, yes that does ring a bell. Wasn't there also a good Oz kids TV drama of a similar vintage ab "
"  Vote  m m "
"  #BTS_SoompiMassVote   "
"WIN 1 of 3 COPIES OF VIETNAMESE FOOD ANY DAY "
" : KH C  nay n th l ch c 1 ng n  ! C 1 m l h nh R R NGUY HI #BTS_SoompiMassV"
" Big fan of the Vietnamese crawfish boils from Nola East (and their resilience post-Katrina) but a "
" hello, sorry for bothering you. Your art is so cute and I was attracted at first sight &gt; &lt;Can I translate "
"Leading Vietnamese Carrier Launches New Content Services Using  Revenue Generation Platform "
"last week i would make myself vietnamese drip coffee every morning and then make it iced with hella condensed milk "
"   But until you've actually been captured and held in a Vietnamese POW camp, I do "
"Former #Vietnamese #refugee  speaks on #Australian #Leadership of  &amp;  "
"Imagine you graduate high school - get FORCED into going to war ... you probably never even held a gun before - "
"Alhamdulillah rezeki hari ni ada orang bagi makanan hehehe banyak juga dia bagi. Nasi impit + rendang ayam dengan v "
" : 190325 m v  trai ch, anh  v t l s r ~ gi ch  trong studio  TT TT #BTS "
" : 190325 v H  v HQ an to  m Tae m , sold out 1 c r , kh k ch m lu#BTS  h"
" :    "
" : M.n  nghe m n  g  FAKELOVE l 500M tr khi anh nh comeback n,  khi comeback ch ta ch d"
" :    ..? # #  "
" : [#]    ~      !  # #("
" : Love ya Hongkong you #JIMIN "
" : 190325    l weibo n m.n  trai lai l lu #BTS   BTS_official "
" : [C NH 25.03 ]               NHI V NG N: 481M+       ( G 19M N TH ): 523.2M+"
"Come sit outside and enjoy the sunshine with one of our home cooked specials today. On the menu we have... "
"  well my dad is the poor vietnamese family, i am half of it"
"  its what happens when half of you comes from a poor vietnamese family"
"Do your relatives on both sides of your family attempt to talk to you in either vietnamese or korean when you hav "
""
" : Escape the hustle and bustle of everyday life in these bamboo huts built on a remote Vietnamese beach://t.co/DpzantitWE"
""
""
""
"I want to learn some new languages, and I can help you learning Vietnamese.  Pls contact..."
"JOB; Fountain Valley CA USA - Vietnamese Home Health Physical Therapist PT - Per Diem - Per diem a Physic: Per diem "
"Hello Vietnam Sub Vietnamese English - Qu Valentine "
"Stumbled across this gorge Vietnamese actress - Chi Pu. She looks like Suzu Hirose!  "
"Mooi artikel over Fresh Studio uit Vietnam over samenwerking met Groen Agro Control.://t.co/GotQLkTOHi"
" : The only one-use tool we allowing in our kitchens. (Don't hold us to that.)://t.co/wP85tCiS4T"
"Strengthening Vietnamese German strategic partnership in training: The fourth phase of "
"The secret to mastering Vietnamese pronunciation - #oldpost "
" :  Vietnamese people love peace , Pink represents friendship, inner peace and everything nice, so... "
"   Here it is... it is sooooo delicious  "
" Hey butthole. Love the streams, Bills is like the Vietnamese version of my Italian grandfather!  Spea "
" :  explaining Nottingham cave system carved into the P-T sandstones to our Vietnamese and  visito"
"Skip ordering takeout tonight and make an Asian-inspired recipe at home! Chinese-, Thai-, Vietnamese-, and Japanese "
" This proposal hurts EVERYONE except the rich. I am a US Citizen. My Vietnamese wife has cancer. Trump's publ "
" Sorry Randi, I fell asleep so just seeing this. I mostly do a lot of Indian, Thai, and Vietnamese dis "
"Chungha speaking Vietnamese  wait to see you here babe  "
"Come here girl  i take you to the best place to try Vietnamese food hehehe "
"Pasok yung vietnamese sa next round ng american idol. Kaynis kasi bat walang pilipino na sumlai eh. Haha! Sayang"
" : #Vietnam  Brands campaigns: #VietnamValue and  encourage the awareness of Vietnamese products"
"   I just remembered actually there is a precedent for this. Nixon committed "
" Let have a competition for the best photo - ok Bangladeshis, Myanmar, Indonesian,  Vietnamese, Syrians, I "
"vietnamese hairy pussy masturbation Gallery Bokep Indo, Nonton Bokep "
" Hello Mr. Biden. I am a US Citizen. My Vietnamese wife has cancer.   Will you repeal Trump's public char "
"  And in many ways we ARE our names--for better or worse. A name may accord a certain a "
" Hello Mr. Yang. I am a US Citizen. My Vietnamese  wife has cancer.   Will you repeal Trump's public "
" Hello Miss Warren. I am a US Citizen. My Vietnamese  wife has cancer.   Will you repeal Trump's public ch "
" Hello Mr. Sanders. I am a US Citizen. My Vietnamese  wife has cancer.  Will you repeal Trump's publ "
" I remember when these Vietnamese gusanos in sat got mad at an international student from Vietnam w "
" Hello President Trump.  I am a US Citizen born and raised. My Vietnamese wife has cancer.  Will yo "
" Oi Belle, do Ocean Keys shopping centre next. No Big W but there's a hell good Vietnamese bakery and green grocer."
"Imagine a scenario, voice will become a travel assistant for you, search, suggest and manage. It will happen soon &gt; "
"Ask Poles, Czechs, Hungarians, Baltic States citizens, anyone on the Balkans how they liked being in satrap states "
"Evaluation of the Anti-Trypanosomal Activity of Vietnamese Essential Oils, with Emphasis on Curcuma longa L. and It "
"BBC News Ti Vi - H N c khai ph  TQ l ch t c  Ho Sa "
" :  loving your meal ideas, only had one box up to now but loved all 4 meals, 2nd box arrived yesterday woo hoo, t"
"Over the weekend, I watched Anthony Bourdain's interview with Obama in the Hanoi episode of Parts Unknown, and I th "
" : Nhat's relatives &amp; supporters believe that he was kidnapped after he had applied for refugee status at UNHCR's office https://"
"So amazing nature! #Vietnobletours #upland #spring #beautiful #Vietnam #vietnamese "
"#vintage #A Vietnamese woman soldier with a rifle displays a Chinese man she captured and took prisoner in a battle "
" Someone needs to remind the President the north Vietnamese couldn't break John McCain. And he was still alive at that time."
"The upland at the end of spring #Vietnobletours #upland #spring #beautiful #Vietnam #vietnamese "
"So that's it: A bizarre terrorist attack in Egypt, a smuggling ring taking in the IRA, Vietnamese cigarettes and a "
"The terrorists only succeeded in damaging a container heading to Dublin, via Rotterdam. It was supposed to contain "
"Pick the lotus flowers #Vietnobletours #flowers #lotus #beautiful #Vietnam #vietnamese "
"Where to get Vietnamese coffee near UPD?"
"Vietnamese experts shared a lot of significant feedbacks and comments to the White Paper's task teams to ensure bet "
" Didn't he only confess to war crimes under torture by the Vietnamese? This idea the he bombed a hospital/wo "
"Marxists claim to be anti-racists but history shows the Soviets, Yugoslavs, Cambodians, Vietnamese, Arab and Afro-M "
"Vietnamese are not as happy as you may think, new global report suggests - TIC VIETNAM - "
"Don't forget to slurp down Pho when you visit Vietnam. It's one of the essential Vietnamese foods to eat. #travel "
" : Q&amp;A with : Cornea, almost two residencies, and a Vietnamese hoagie. #optometry  "
" Vietnamese people love peace , Pink represents friendship, inner peace and everything nice, so... "
"Also, I just tried Vietnamese coffee for the first time &amp; pals, I'm on a whole other plane now "
" are looking for freelance translators. English or Japanese &gt; Spanish, Italian, Portuguese "
"The mind of Marty: know what could he fun? Learning Vietnamese!!?! Right??? do it! weeks into it and it's "
"#cybercrime : "
" Amazon thinks the current variation of my email address belongs to a Vietnamese American living in Califor "
" : Discrimination and Cambodia ethnic Vietnamese population:  history between the two nations has influenced the perc"
" : Ng H gi kh h h, ch t k h. "
" : that a daughter of a US soldier rose to political prominence for murdering Vietnamese people, to destroy the sprea"
" : Top seller  Natural Wave is raw and can be colored....#Beauty #Branding #CelebrityHairStyles"
"Hong Kong's Nhau is melding classic Vietnamese flavors with unorthodox techniques to produce shareable dishes that "
" : Deprived of citizenship, the #Vietnamese of #Cambodia live on the edge of society "
"Congrats. This is our opportunity to win the Vietnamese Leaders to our side and neutralise U.S. influence over them "
"Top seller  Natural Wave is raw and can be colored....#Beauty #Branding "
"Glad to hear Vietnamese judges from the SPC delivering presentation and responding questions from audience on court "
"HCM CITY - consumers are embracing digital payments as a faster and more convenient way to pay, with con "
" To be fair all religion is a cult. I had a Vietnamese colleague who is an atheist, pressured by Ca "
"Vietnamese and Thai authorities must come clean about journalist disappearance "
"Can you speak and/or write in a language other than English? We're seeking volunteers to help translate and record "
" : Vietnamese New Year 2019 - a year of  that Brings Wealth &amp; Good Fortune "
"Also, unrelated, I cut my finger while doing warhams, and I'm an Vietnamese American artist from California!"
"  I'm Sarah.) a proud mom of Hispanic children. My 2 best friends are Dominican &amp; Vietn "
" I read them in Vietnamese. But u can also find them on Novel Updates"
"Deprived of citizenship, the #Vietnamese of #Cambodia live on the edge of society "
" Did you say you were coming to London this year...? If yes, go for dinner on Kingsland Road in Shoredi "
"Vietnam will send a high-level delegation to the 16th #CAEXPO this year, according to the Vietnamese Prime Minister "
"golden sun doodle over vietnamese rolls order notes lol "
"Vietnamese roll please "
" cassbusiness  giudicialex: Pham Chi Lan, leading Vietnamese economist, briefing cassbusiness Modular Executiv "
" I just googled super saigon . I never eaten vietnamese food , mungkin someday i will try . Thanks for sharing bro "
" : Pham Chi Lan, leading Vietnamese economist, briefing  Modular Executive MBAs about #Vietnam economy at the st"
"  This is a manufactured scandel. But what about the Iraq WMD scandel that killed 5000 US s "
"when I was younger I didn understand the concept of colonialism and just thought the Vietnamese word for carrot was c r by coincidence"
"Vietnamese #drone pics fly high at int aerial photo contest - VnExpress International #drone"
"a vietnamese woman meets a historian at a gastronomy fair in detroit. now, all they gotta do is convince a presiden "
"[Z-Boys&amp;Z-Girls]  A Record of Promotions in Vietnam 2 were happy thanks to the attention and love we received "
"Chinese Arabic Hindi Vietnamese, ,         .= "
"Russian Chinese Arabic Hindi Vietnamese, ,         .= "
" : So yeah, the Vietnamese Ministry of Information and Communication (MIC) has a Facebook page. They haven't posted anything s"
"gi noun meaning shoe in Vietnamese #Vietnamese #shoe"
"  Unfortunately, the US has a long history of destroying countries for economic gain. Litera "
"Cultural Diversity Night 2019. The Vietnamese dancers brighten up the stage with the lotus and fan dances. This is "
"Join us at ADBI in Tokyo on 3 April 2019 for a seminar with Waseda University Dr Saang Joon Baak on , "
"So yeah, the Vietnamese Ministry of Information and Communication (MIC) has a Facebook page. They haven't posted an "
"Japanese fellas, German Fellas, Russian fellas, Spanish fellas, Italian fellas, Chinese fellas, Vietnamese fellas, "
"  Part Vietnamese part cat"
"  Tomasz are you Vietnamese?"
"   When I was young, there were people who hated , then , Ital "
"Yo guys, check out this amazing art group, if you want you can join and show some support to the group.Even though "
"  Wow! I thought that Chinese students very rich even they go to school by plane =))  yo "
"     And students - shock horror - might actually enjoy a more "
"Dinner of the day   Bach Dang Vietnamese Restaurant "
"Final rehearsal before tonight concert at the National Music Conservatory in Hanoi.   is joined by the "
"what the fuck this guy (looks african american) came up to me sleazy asf asking if i wanted to be in a video and i "
"Our leaders are corrupt and incompetent.- Vietnamese during Vietnam war here sa PH but present"
"SPOILER~ but not really a spoiler, Zora green shirt that says  means rabbit in Vietnamese."
"   Hey David, I have never come across this. I grew up in south western Sydney with "
"Saw some reviews on  and had to point out that the word  on her shirt means Rabbit in VIETNAMESE "
"Need a quick brief on #PrimaryImmunodeficiency and #WorldPIWeek? Watch our video, also available with subtitles in "
"Vietnamese cuisine among world most favourite "
" That so fuckt no cap when I be playing fortnite and shit ppl always tryna make fun of my Vietnamese accent shit is annoying"
"NEWS: Following our Iranian and Vietnamese experimental music comps, comes Kaleidoscope, showcasing Ukrainian exper "
"i wonder if yeonjun ate the vietnamese food in san jose"
" : Upon second viewing of Us, I just realized Zora's shirt says rabbit in Vietnamese. Sunday Viet school paid off huh "
"Check out the new window display at the vintage auto centre. It's a $300 Vietnamese whale."
" : VAS - Vietnamese Localization Pack - an instant solution in operating the #D365 to meet the local government requirement"
"I been missing out not really eating Vietnamese food other than pho. This shot is all so good."
"VAS - Vietnamese Localization Pack - an instant solution in operating the #D365 to meet the local government requir "
"The Vietnamese government is considering policies that would exempt shipping companies (with large and modern fleet "
"More Vietnamese consumers embracing digital "
"More Vietnamese consumers embracing digital "
"More than 5 Vietnamese TV at our  Summit in Hanoi to cover the conference about sharing best practices for Trad "
"H ph th hai! (Happy Monday! in Vietnamese) -- in more than 100 languages. #AHAthat"
" ...or the Vietnamese Sausage Patty."
" You just have to convince the Chinese and Vietnamese that they have no medicinal powers and they'll "
"We started our weekend with this glorious bowl of  Canh Tom Hum  a decadent Vietnamese Lobster &amp; Shrimp Soup "
"WIN 1 of 3 COPIES OF VIETNAMESE FOOD ANY DAY "
"PSA: I know you all know about Vietnamese coffee, but Vietnamese cinnamon tea features an *actual* piece of cinnamo "
"Viaje Asean is a local Vietnamese agency formed by a group of guides with experiences and excellent command of the "
"More Vietnamese consumers embracing #digitalpayments: Visa://t.co/njQETpM6y0 #fintech #payments #cashless "
"#Trashtag challenge in #Vietnam. Full video: "
"  Mmmm, b b Hu... Vietnamese place nearish to me serves up a wonderful bowl of that st "
"   17 -       ( 34:25).: "
"17 -       ( 34:25).: "
"#beer #SapporoBeer [Beverage]The beer sector is dominated by just four brewers, Habeco, Ca "
" :  Vietnamese, hurry up and invest in the #EB5 program. Welcome to our #EB5 visa backlog club.   "
" Margie, the amazing Vietnamese singer (couldn catch her name cause my demand crashed) and the r "
"  What it said to me was that the Vietnamese government clearly cared about progress. Yo "
"  In the late 1990s I had a boss who was a Vietnamese-American economist (trade specialt "
" : We're going to be setting bounties for translations in the following languages:, Vietnamese, Korean, Chinese - Stan"
" Loan  ti Anh th ng ng ch "
" Vietnamese na~"
" :  Ph #taythien #tamdao #vinhphuc #travel #vietnamese #VietNam  #iPhone #iPhone6plus "
"Blessed with vietnamese family so I get the best homemade pho"
"  The Vietnamese pronunciation is here (both north and south): "
"Ng H gi kh h h, ch t k h. "
"    Instead of Vietnamese, I am learning my parent's dialect, Cantonese. "
"The contest of grassroots level at the Vietnamese people's army political academy://t.co/ScpXZLlNJ1 "
" Aww yay, piggy! They're so cute  just be sure to research what breed you get. Vietnamese potbelly "
"    Sksksk opps that same as me then cause i learning english , Chinese "
" I was there last year! Lots of wonderful Vietnamese coffee, delicious local food too!"
" It like a Vietnamese firework.... it go off in your hand "
" : FastGo already operates in its home country and Myanmar, and has plans for further regional expansion. "
"My Vietnamese food adventures continue with these delicious glutinous rice fried sesame balls (aka B Cam). The o "
"Vietnamese firms responded to the EU tariffs by diverting footwear exports to the US market. Our point estimates ra "
" Cong  Cong Holdings "
" : B H N M (C) vietnam street photography#vietnam #streetphotography #hanoimoi #baohanoimoi #hanoi #vietnamese "
" Aku pernah try Vietnamese rolls ni. Taktau nape muntah bila bau udang"
"Vietnamese singer wins rookie award at Hong Kong music fest "
"  The current Governor of South Australia is a Vietnamese refugee. One of those feared boat pe "
"Vietnamese consumers using less cash, more cards: study "
" : The shift of Vietnamese students to Canada marches on, writes Ashwill. #highered #Vietnam "
" But the Pentagon Papers exposed the corruption of the Vietnam war. Approx 3.1 million Vietnamese di "
" what did the VietNamese old lady say in S2E1 tho? i a vietnamese and i can even understand it yo"
"JAPAN / VIETNAM:  Vietnamese workers, streaming to Japan, face risks as labor system opens up "
"My answer to What is the Vietnamese word for hello? "
" :  for the Mythbook 3 project #Mythbook3 #Mythbook  legend of L Long Qu and  C "
" : Saigoneer Podcast: Our Favorite Vietnamese Poems; Perceptions of Foreign Cuisine. "
" Only authentic Vietnamese is at the OZCF - closest thing to going to vietnam"
" American soldiers take shelter in a sandbagged bunker as North Vietnamese rockets hit the U.S. Marine base at Kh "
"Vietnamese Truffle &amp; Cumin Shrimp "
"Ike Vietnamese Fish Sauce Wings #WhiskeySodaLounge  # # #omnomnom #fattystatus #pdx #portland "
"#vovinam #vietvodao #vovinamapp #vovinamworldmedia #martialarts #Vovinam fuses elements of traditional Vietnamese "
"The Vietnamese ain miss w not one of their products "
"New ride-hailing player to launch in #Singapore next month. Fastgo is a Vietnamese startup that seeking rapid exp "
" : Trans: Thanks to the warm welcome of Vietnamese and Burmese fans, and the fans of China and Thailand who follow me to supp"
"  Vietnamese sandwiches! Yum. Not to mention Garden Grove. Lovely and beautiful people, as well."
"The shift of Vietnamese students to Canada marches on, writes Ashwill. #highered #Vietnam #Canada "
"American soldiers take shelter in a sandbagged bunker as North Vietnamese rockets hit the U.S. Marine base at Khe S "
" Vietnamese  there goes my streak of dating central asians y elite let me tell u"
" idk the intricacies of vietnamese nation building and culture but it takes more than tech to build a nation"
" Premium is a little different - we have Vietnamese caramelised pork, Italian chicken stew and spinach cannelloni ^R"
"Saigoneer Podcast: Our Favorite Vietnamese Poems; Perceptions of Foreign Cuisine. "
" thotiana vietnamese remix"
"A Vietnamese man just told me to go fucj myself so I committed a few war crimes"
" tra Mueller k lu  Donald Trump 'kh  l v Nga' - BBC Ti Vi "
" Loan  ti Anh th ng ng ch "
"Tony&amp;#39;s Diner and Vietnamese Food restaurant opens in Rochester NY  "
"Our VIETNAMESE beauty JENNIFER has arrived at #club122melb This #hottie is petite with long dark hair. Please call "
"Vietnamese chess masters go undefeated at Sharjah Masters: Vietnamese chess master Le Quang "
"Hi,   have a nice day! Are you rikke in AO3? I see your name in Minatu's post. I'm MDZS Vietnamese's fan. "
"  I lived in San Jose between 1997-2016. We're an 1 hour south of SF. Love the vietnamese fo "
" :  You spoke to Vietnamese leaders about an American veteran? ; did your lack of service come up?"
"RARE Vietnamese Mountain Food in the Most Colorful Market in the World! ... "
" : i really disappointed that these are vietnamese people too "
"FYI for Americans.... Asian in Britain means Pakistani, Indian, Islamic nations, not Chinese, Japanese, Vietnames "
" And which do you prefer for yrself? Asian-American writer? Vietnamese-American writer? Minority writer? Or just writer?"
" : Another project for Lisa's B-Day by Vietnamese Blinks in Ho Chi Minh City           "
" Ngh in Vietnamese has no equivalent in English.  The word has to be understood in the context of the cu "
" : Fun fact: Mark Wahlberg was convicted in 1988 for beating two Vietnamese-American men. He punched one of the victims and kno"
" : Spread the word!  is hosting a FREE Citizenship Workshop in #SanJose on Monday 3/25 with assistance offered"
"  yes, those are vietnamese 'crystal' spring rolls! Should be very tasty."
" : Vietnam owns 2 most beautiful terraced fields in the world. come to Vietnam now#Vietnam #travel #Vietnamese https:/"
"i got whiplash saying things with vietnamese accents until the very end"
" Jiminnn ah I love youuu Vietnamese fangirl#JIMIN #ParkJimin"
"Vietnamese tanker bound for North Korea with gasoline cargo as... "
"Di ko pa natitikman Vietnamese, Thai at Indonesian. Nasa bucket list ko pa rin "
"Swear to god my plug was Vietnamese "
"Monochromatic stacks? Don mind if I do!  All of the haloed rings are spinels and all of them are available (only "
"Watching a Vietnamese drama makes me realize my knowledge of Vietnamese honestly isn't that much better than my kno "
"Not slavery, mind you. Nope. Not the genocide of this nation's indigenous population. That couldn't possibly have b "
"  Not slavery, mind you. Nope. Not the genocide of this nation's indigenous population. Tha "
"  Vietnamese? Nice."
"'B c Mueller' s ti l nh chi ti g? "
"  This beautiful song, was composed &amp; sung by #VictorJara during the Vietnam War, or as the V "
" :  And I just thought of y he specifically put Rabbit in Vietnamese ...it referencing the Vietnam war, the ti"
"The amount of Vietnamese I learned in such a short period of time is impressive. I even went to a Vietnamese mal "
" :  Another thing was the daughter shirt said  which means rabbit in Vietnamese. Also the letters , , a"
" Another thing was the daughter shirt said  which means rabbit in Vietnamese. Also the letters "
"LS Cable's Vietnamese unit inks US$50 mln electric cable deal "
"  That's because the Vietnamese turned it from Cajun to Casian."
"Vietnamese software company becomes Dell EMC highest-level partner ://t.co/0Irmdgj636"
"What to eat -Vietnamese #springrolls. The perfect dish for health-conscious eaters, these refreshing rolls are typi "
" -  "
"5. Got surrounded by vietnamese. I gor cheated by shoe polisher. He ask a lot of money and i dont want to pay. Stil "
"Vietnamese influencer platform Hiip bags 7-digit funding led by Thai Vnet Capital  "
"Place to visit #Hanoi - the #TempleofLiterature (V Mi in Vietnamese), built by Emperor Ly Thanh Tong during the "
"Vietnamese coffee is key everyone should hop on it"
"V qua n s h, thay  b th v theo   m | H h  #youtube #youtuber #Vietnam "
"Just saw a Vietnamese woman in Saigon wearing a  hat. Interesting"
" Here is that song in Vietnamese: "
"ALSO! I had a little  on the back moment when I knew what Zora green jacket said cuz it was in Vietnamese!!! "
" : Vietnamese Theatre: A Traditional Water Puppet Show in Hanoi "
" Yea, that was the first time I ever had a banh mi, the baguette was wonderful! I had bao buns w "
" : WE CAUGHT A FULL ODDS SHINY GEODUDE IN POKEMON VIETNAMESE CRYSTAL LIVE ON STREAM!! ommmmg POG ://t.co/d9W8TBckfy h"
" Your opinion is as valuable as a Vietnamese currency"
" Yoooo that fantastic! Banh mi is one of my favorite foods. When you ready for some congealed pork blo "
"H l ng T m c tho T. "
"Buddha,the Eternal Village Elder of Vaishali is everywhere...Pic1. Vietnamese Royal Emblem in Vaishali Pic2. Buddh "
" : This Vietnamese caramelized chicken with ginger and fish sauce is sweetened with shallots, garlic, and palm sugar: https:/"
"  write your next tweet by vietnamese"
" Was her father a war criminal , burned Vietnamese villages and kids ??"
"I sure hope so. It sure looks like Trump has conspired with his team working with Russia. His family &amp; campaign tea "
" American soldiers when the trees start speaking Vietnamese."
" : #GirlOfTheDay Annie is energetic, intellectual, lovely and kind woman looking for a strong, caring, kind and humorous man."
"Guys everyone used to drag the SEA-TAC N gates but they heard us &amp; are glowing up with a revenge Vietnamese cafe an "
" : Over 4000 Vietnamese students qualified for recognition today with a 3.3+ GPA at the Vietnamese Honors Recognition Cerem"
"Nhat's relatives &amp; supporters believe that he was kidnapped after he had applied for refugee status at UNHCR's offi "
" vietnamese / australian"
"#saveidol #SaveIdolBts  "
" :  w/ Complimentary Pop-Up Nail Salon! 14 - 5:15PM  ://t.co/wTgD63vKWl#FAAIM #AsianAmericanShow"
"In Austin for the  conference! First stop on Day 1: the magical Elizabeth Street Cafe for Vietnamese c "
" Mr. Comey so great to meet you in that little Vietnamese spot in Sunnyvale. What where the odds? You Sir, ar "
"     Saw Taiwan loose to Vietnam a few years ago. Great atmos "
" you one clever man, there a hidden Easter egg I didn catch the first time. Zora green sweater "
"Ahh i miss vietnamese coffee"
"It to do with how Asian culture is exoticized in America, and how facility with the exotic is used as a marker of "
" hahahaha hindi yun buko mamsh  jusko goodluck sa lasa ng pho nun lol yun yung noodles nya. may ma "
"G n thau ngh t - Grilled chicken with family - Vietnamese spec... "
" Hmmmm nah where do u live? Try Saigon bakery in worongary their pies are good!! &amp; they have the best Vietnamese pork rolls "
"  Eek. Sweet rice: ok. Sweet black rice: ok. Thai rice dyed green: ok. Vietnamese broken "
"12,000 #Vietnamese die from #tuberculosis each year: report #TuberculosisDay "
"12,000 #Vietnamese die from #tuberculosis each year: report #TuberculosisDay"
"The shift of Vietnamese students to Canada marches on "
"I have a Vietnamese American cousin with asthma; wish he knew this. "
"Vietnamese citizens were outraged after a man was fined $8 for forcibly kissing a woman in an elevator. rape "
"  i guess she grew up not speaking much Vietnamese"
"If you like to go out for mexican, if you have chinese characters tatted on you, if you go to get your nails done a "
"Dropped in Kilowatt Brewing for their Anniversary release of some Chocolate Macadamia Stouts; Cherry Vanilla, Hazel "
"#TaehyungDaum on #GetWellSoonTaehyung trending globally &amp; V's sweet response vid.  &amp; comment with : "
"Naalala ko bigla si daddy sa tp hahaha miss ko na  yung Vietnamese food ni dadeeh"
"RoK seeks reciprocal Vietnamese visa measures: RoK Ambassador to Vietnam Kim Do Hyon What "
"   Pho is so delicious!! It a good intro dish to Vietnamese food - I like p "
"i really disappointed that these are vietnamese people too "
"As Chair of Canada Trade Link pleases to meet with my old friend firmer Vietnamese Ambassador to Canada Dzung and w "
"Original negative 2 South Vietnamese Special Forces soldiers 1960s , #ebayseller  link in bio #specialforces "
"okay so this week we're releasing an episode about Conjuring Spirit, a Vietnamese horror/mystery... except it's n "
" : get you a girl who knows how to make Vietnamese egg coffee &amp; has the hardware to do it "
"I'm watching seven mysteries the last page and i have to admit that i like the Vietnamese names for the characters and the atmosphere more"
"#Vietnam  Brands campaigns: #VietnamValue and  encourage the awareness of Vietnamese produ "
"Vietnamese influencer platform Hiip bags 7-digit funding led by Thai Vnet Capital | #VentureCanvas - "
"Vietnamese influencer platform Hiip bags 7-digit funding led by Thai Vnet Capital | #VentureCanvas - "
"I need to figure out how to make Vietnamese food at home. I gone wayyyy too long without it"
"I decided I opening a fast food chain called ...for every time someone says #idunno to the Q, , what "
" Can I translate this article into Vietnamese? I will definitely write the source."
"Their Pho Bo and Egg Coffe are a must try! Chi Em Gai, ETON Centris, Diliman, Quezon City about it at "
"  Vietnamese: - You (Addressing a younger person) - You (Addressing a person of the sam "
"    Racist? I'm not the one who called a  generic outdoor farmer's ma "
"shecyclopedia I come from a mixed race dicerse family. I have a white mom, a vietnamese grandma, a black step dad, "
"Found this, Volume 1 of S thi th tho M'n I can't read Vietnamese. Need to keep looking."
"Is the Vietnamese sun getting to me, or is Gove really being considered a viable candidate to be PM?!"
" As a Proud Vietnamese American, I used to believe that this great country was a fair, check and ba "
" is the Vietnamese spelling for rabbit if anyone cares "
"vietnamese parties are basically karaoke night with a lot of drinking "
"Vietnamese food #thetimejourneys #vietnamtravel#hanoistreetfood #vietnamesefood://t.co/hROse5gvcY "
" : Zora's shirt in #UsMovie says Th which is Vietnamese for Rabbit... #NoSpoilers"
"#Buddhist Monks ordered to stop #scamming faithful with 'bad karma eviction' ceremonies "
"  hm interesting, but still confused how that affects her Vietnamese but not her English"
"  The actress is of Vietnamese descent, but she from France hence the French-ness you picking out."
"Meghan Mccain's father wasn't an evil racist imperialist fuck because he was tortured by the Vietnamese, he was tor "
"I want Vietnamese coffee pls"
""
"JOB; Fountain Valley CA USA - Bilingual Vietnamese Medical Front Office - Medical Assistant Front or Back: Medical "
" : constantly bothered by the English phrase I'm sorry / my condolences they feel very not empathic enough, to the point that"
" : March 24 - 1975: Vietnam War - the North Vietnamese Ho Chi Minh Campaign began ~ the final assault on Saigon itself."
"[*Vietnamese Below*] ONLY 3 DAYS LEFT for EARLY BIRD ending. you know 10km starting time is a moment to view sun "
"Zora's shirt in #UsMovie says Th which is Vietnamese for Rabbit... #NoSpoilers"
"Vietnamese, which is also tonal had a simplified alphabet created by Portuguese missionaries. "
"Here today  we have Ada,Cc gorgeous Thai girls, Chelsea Aussie from 3pm, Skye Aussie from6pm, Emily "
" Ok now watching more I still can't understand but it's vaguely Vietnamese and they show Vietnamese text "
" There are still a few seats left for our #TRGTalk on Wednesday. TRG has a gift for you!  By attending our eve "
"People assume I every Asian ethnicity except Vietnamese. I get confused when people say Filipino lol"
" : "
"         "
"    vietnamese=losers"
"Vietnamese consumers using less cash, more cards: study "
"5 seconds into Part II of the OA, closed captioning says [speaking Vietnamese] but it sounded like straight nonsens "
"   My Vietnamese nail tech and I had this long chat while he did my nails taking abou "
"  I come from Vietnamese. you known my country?"
"Viaje Asean is a local Vietnamese agency formed by a group of guides with experiences and excellent command of the "
" Vietnamese Mango Salad - #Foodies #foodblog #recipe #recipeblog #yummy "
"Got to try out Vietnamese food and i can shut up about  approval from society."
"WE CAUGHT A FULL ODDS SHINY GEODUDE IN POKEMON VIETNAMESE CRYSTAL LIVE ON STREAM!! ommmmg POG "
"Vietnamese player wins badminton tournament in New Zealand: Nguyen Tien Minh (C) poses with "
"Vietnamese software company becomes Dell EMC highest-level partner: FPT Information "
"Had some Vietnamese coffee with pho tonight. I'm wired!!!!! I needed this boost for tonight's The Walking Dead and "
"A Vietnamese woman carries her children and possessions on bamboo pole as she tries to escape fierce fighting in th "
"Vietnamese monk Th Naht Hahn path is the goal."
"omg my first years of school were so devastating. I DEADASS WALKED INTO KINDERGAEN AND STAED CRYING TO MY WHITE "
"         "
"Ok so how is someone who won Vietnamese X-Factor even a contestant on American idol? I thought being American was h "
"#BoTown is closing after 30 years. People are getting emotional  I only know the place for a year but like their V "
" : yo shoutout to  for that Vietnamese reference"
"Vietnamese Mango Salad is a mouth-watering salad with a balanced combination of heat, sweet, sour and salty flavour "
"yo shoutout to  for that Vietnamese reference"
"Vietnamese is so silly. I was listening to a song and my dad was mocking it. A man who came from vietnam"
"I just had a Vietnamese iced coffee and I need more"
"Tax thingy's done. Celebrated with Vietnamese noodle. #nature #vietnamese # #pho #noodle "
" : Vietnamese blogger Truong Duy Nhat, who disappeared in Thailand, imprisoned in #Vietnam://t.co/07I4KbRDCv"
"     In Vietnam they had all of those things except the dro "
"Have to bring big bear  go round Vietnamese when him come back .go river - sea - mountain - go hills coffee - c "
" wasn an answer. It was an overgeneralization and a technicality. I wanted to know if you were Russian, Po "
"This what our bodies need .. we are back at my favorite place in #Vegas #pho  Pho Kim Long Vietnamese Restuarant "
"Just had some very mediocre Vietnamese food and I a little upset about it"
"Vietnamese retail tech Vingroup to sell US$1B shares to SK Group "
"Rich drip coffee + sweet condensed milk = The perfect Vietnamese coffee #bagetau( lamaontour) "
"In the past, SK Group also had purchased stake in another Vietnamese conglomerate Masan Group "
"Just a little brown girl working in Vietnamese restaurant. "
"#vintage #A Vietnamese woman soldier holding a rifle displays Chinese men she captured in battle and took prisoner "
" :  Shit u gettin clowned on but im vietnamese, ive eaten way worse."
"   Are there lucky numbers in Vietnamese like in Chinese? 8 &amp; sometimes 6 are big in China...&amp; 4 is taboo"
" Shit u gettin clowned on but im vietnamese, ive eaten way worse."
"wait i wonder if y have tried vietnamese sticky rice "
" I am so grateful for your support.  Gene , my husband is an amazing man.  So courageous and stoic. "
" : First Vietnamese to cross ....he can brag all he want "
"Vietnamese Grit "
"://t.co/OmfIPstJHQ"
" And I just thought of y he specifically put Rabbit in Vietnamese ...it referencing the Vietnam war, th "
" : Does any of you learn/know vietnamese? Can you translate this words please?   google translate doesnt help me at all  http"
" Cajun! Uhh..vietnamese! "
"  There's also the fusion combo of creole / Vietnamese, as they both have strong French influen "
"This 1 bowl of vegetarian soup from the Vietnamese cafe up the street makes me happy like little else."
"also vietnamese folks who seen #UsMovie did y notice that zora had  on her shirt?  for those who don "
"    Totally agree as a Vietnamese European &amp; Polynesian Indigenous Pacific Islander"
"L d c kkk #quatang #quatangtraitim #Vietnam #vietnamese "
"VIETNAMESE RICE WRAPPER Cuisine is hot right now. Anyone can make this most famous Summer Spring... "
"liberals only care abt failed American attempts at toppling legitimate government, i'm looking at you Iraqi &amp; Vietnamese invasions"
"Finally, some Vietnamese food for dindin. I've been craving for their food for weeks "
"   damn VIETNAMESE***"
"Wait I thought I was Vietnamese...  "
"We should ask #hunsen why that is! I'm sure he knows exactly why! So many Vietcong thugs w/in his regime. So, it sh "
" : This recipe is very good. Easy and delicious. "
"Does any of you learn/know vietnamese? Can you translate this words please?   google translate doesnt help me at "
"HANOI, Vietnam: Vietnamese authorities have ordered monks at a popular Buddhist pagoda to stop  summoning and "
" I had to a double take on the Vietnamese one "
" : Kerja Kosong di Country Garden Pacificview Sdn Bhd.. (Senior) International Channel Specialist. (Senior) Marketing Execu"
" English, I could learned Vietnamese but my lazy ass refused to when my mom asked me several times."
" new menu features chef  re-creation of traditional Vietnamese dishes inspired by his travel "
"I just got out of work and my manager notices a group of people speaking Vietnamese at the coffee shop nearby and l "
"Funny how Vietnamese used to have a tradition of dyeing their teeth black. Imagine if someone who's been using Colg "
"Show's up! "
"I had 2 fully platonic close guy friends in my life. One was Vietnamese and the other was Hispanic. I want a black boy bestie now."
"my parents are exo-l now because they sang in vietnamese"
"Vietnamese blogger Truong Duy Nhat, who disappeared in Thailand, imprisoned in #Vietnam://t.co/07I4KbRDCv"
""
" : It was awesome 2 mt w/ Bao Phi 2 discuss Viet lang, Viet Dual Lang Immersion prog, common experiences &amp; our nd 4 childre"
"   Maybe dropping bombs from his ground-attack fighter jet onto Vietnamese village "
"LIVE WITH MORE Pokemon Vietnamese Crystal Nuzlocke - NOW!!://t.co/d9W8TBckfy"
"  You're sure relying on a bunch of mights in your masturbatory dream, there., you can "
"Her family arrived to this country three generations ago...  tell us to go back to Vietnam. They say we fish e "
"  Maybe someone he met in Vietnam can translate it into Vietnamese for him. He must be fluent with his duty there"
"Upon second viewing of Us, I just realized Zora's shirt says rabbit in Vietnamese. Sunday Viet school paid off huh "
"Kho 512A Hu T Ph. container, xe t ra v tho m, kh b c t!#TaxitaiSaigon #dichvuchuyennha "
" : . Dang Van Can  (Vietnamese painter b. 1957).. "
" : China FM spokesman Geng Shuang:  hope the Vietnamese side can stop making things up.  ://t.co/QKGXf7NRNy"
"  As I wrote in my post  I wonder if Alan Schiff is going to broil or barbecue his Cr "
"Th is Vietnamese for Rabbit #UsMovie "
"My dad at a Vietnamese restaurant "
"F U Luke Bryan. You counterfeit country boy. You sing that song! You suck worse the Vietnamese girl screams. #AmericanIdol"
"If u ever told me when u first met me u knew I was Vietnamese ur lying idc"
" Haha doch tats! xD Mein Freund ist Vietnamese und deshalb hab ich mehr von der Kultur was mitne "
"The Coast Guard Zone 3 has for many years fought criminals in the country East and Southeast sea, especially drug "
"Dong Tao chicken (Vietnamese: g  T), also called Dragon Chicken, is a Vietnamese chicken breed with enlarged "
"The shift of Vietnamese students to Canada marches on "
"  Vietnamese girl sorry her voice is annoying"
"So they keep the terrible Vietnamese girl who screams off-pitch and let Ethan go? What the hell were the judges listening to? #AmericanIdol"
" Dead Vietnamese &amp; Iraqi children are fine but THIS is just TOO FAR!"
"How could u let the Country Latina go? Yet, keep Vietnamese girl(?) voice is annoying #HollywoodWeek"
"One area of trafficking prevention is teaching the value of education. For the past few years, this young man has t "
"Crunchy &amp; yummy Vietnamese Banh Mi Sandwich://t.co/bm745liAZC#foodie #LettesHaven #FoodBlogger #yummy "
"THANKS TO MASTER-NIM FOR PRECIOUS PHOTOS  OUT WITH FULL CREDIT  NOT EDIT OR CUT LOGO  HQs BELONG TO OWN "
"honestly, i didn't think the 18 year old girl was bad, but the hispanic dude and vietnamese girl definitely should "
" I come from a mixed race dicerse family. I have a white mom, a vietnamese grandma, a black step dad, "
"How is these Vietnamese girl still here? She only knows how to scream #AmericanIdol"
"May kaibigan nakong chinese at Vietnamese, korean at japanese nalangg kulang bwhahshaha Nangongolekta ng mag tuturo "
"Vietnam and Thailand authorities have yet to explain the mysterious disappearance of Vietnamese blogger Truong Duy "
"so we went to mass, was told that we were gonna come back home but instead we-ordered vietnamese. food n ate it at "
" The cafe next to my work now does Banh Mi and other Vietnamese food."
"        "
"I don have any friends in Atl to go get Thai/Indian/Vietnamese/etc food with. :/"
"I checked in at Roostar Vietnamese Grill on #Yelp "
"Divine Char Siu Chicken from  new Vietnamese Food Any Day was grilled to perfection by  "
"The French really won Dien Bien Phu because the Vietnamese cheated by having more guys there is like the dumbest "
" I like Luc Lac Vietnamese kitchen and love Broders for a Swedish breakfast."
"Waiting for our table so we can enjoy the best Vietnamese food in Palm Springs. ...#palmsprings #vietnamesefood "
" : Does anyone on my TL know folks who gone to Thailand and Vietnam from Nigeria with a Nigerian passport? I like to kno"
" Wow, tiny Vietnamese girl, Latina country girl and Telenovela Star. Strong group."
"i had to getrid of the accents this is vietnamese erasure"
" : Need to translate in different languages? translate any documents in any languages, #Malaysia #China #lisa Rate"
"A quick read on how popular Senegalese Nem (Vietnamese inspired spring rolls) entered Senegal following the end of "
"Vietnamese in Cambodia Still Denied Citizenship  "
"Need to translate in different languages? translate any documents in any languages, #Malaysia #China #lisa "
" South Vietnamese homemaker and democratic activist. After the fall of Saigon, she was a laundress. Aft "
" Definitely Nicholas as  suggested. PDX is a foodie town, so it is hard to go wrong. I love "
"Start your Monday  with a luxury breakfast at our Tempus Fugit.s: a glass of thick aroma Vietnamese coffee will "
"I told my mom my next baby is going to be Somalian. She said make sure they know Vietnamese. "
" : Not enough people are talking about -gettaboutit my combo Vietnamese/Italian restaurant"
"  Because you want to be Vietnamese so nature helps you out"
"March 24 - 1975: Vietnam War - the North Vietnamese Ho Chi Minh Campaign began ~ the final assault on Saigon itself. #history"
"Vietnamese in Cambodia Still Denied Citizenship Via  #cambodia "
"I love love this color combo $250 is a thick 2.5 bundle lace frontal bob 12 to ship now  H "
"vietnamese literature is interesting we love writings about the poor and the devastated"
" Bro my mom showed me this text message in Vietnamese and I was like ????"
"Not enough people are talking about -gettaboutit my combo Vietnamese/Italian restaurant"
" In Vietnamese"
" You're saying about the Vietnamese ver or the original one?"
" Eater The Vietnamese community in Westminster, Orange County  the largest outside Vietnam  has built a destin "
"The Vietnamese restaurant I in has an underground family style karaoke in the back of the kitchen. Yo, I want in!"
"   Yes because she is Vietnamese. Initially she doesn appear to be as s "
" Warst du da in Ha Long Bay/Vietnam? Weil der Ort kommt mir halt voll bekannt vor als Vietnamese"
"  I was really excited to see Zhuang and Vietnamese brought up in this discussion. It'd be wo "
"    Yes. The US doesn't apologize for things like 4 million Vietn "
"The Vietnamese community in Westminster, Orange County  the largest outside Vietnam  has built a destination for "
" :  Le-Van Kiet on Furie, the action-packed Vietnamese martial arts film -"
" I FEEL EXPOSED my vietnamese keyboard is annoying sometimes but thanks to that i got my own charm on this app lol."
"    I think I can find both a piece or two I edited &amp; a Whistlestop that "
"Vietnamese Red Wine  Basil Stew "
"Dear  and , Why do you refer to Myra Tran as surprisingly soulful? Is it because she's "
"Cutaway of the Vietnamese MD-82 anti-personnel mine [964x995] "
"Top story: Deprived of citizenship, the Vietnamese of Cambodia live on the edge of society  Global Voices "
" Kyungsoon was German/Korean/Vietnamese and Benjamin was British with a mixed black/British mom and a white British dad"
" :  Nicholas Restaurant (Lebanese), Little Big Burger, Sizzle Pie (pizza), Screen Door (Southern-influenced), Non"
"not an Us spoiler, but Zora green shirt says , which means  in Vietnamese "
"I'm on known to stun the people who are recording my vocals for the songs. Such as the one with the Vietnamese song "
"    You responded that way because you assumed, due to racist stereo "
"A Vietnamese woman soldier holding a rifle displays Chinese men she captured in battle and took prisoner with their "
" Le-Van Kiet on Furie, the action-packed Vietnamese martial "
"Vietnamese spring roll with peanut sauce. Suki order na.  "
"Myra won Vietnamese X Factor already. She had her chance. #AmericanIdol"
"My Vietnamese friend got a call from his dad and they got in a really heated conversation in Vietnamese and then wh "
" Nicholas Restaurant (Lebanese), Little Big Burger, Sizzle Pie (pizza), Screen Door (Southern-influe "
"Speedway Stout (Vietnamese Coffee Barrel Aged) by AleSmith Brewing Company found at SD TapRoom. Don't wait til it's gone!"
"Why do people always want to tell me about their Vietnamese friend?"
"Pho! Pho Ca Dao &amp; Grill in santee   #phocadao #pho #pholife #viet #vietnam #vietnamesefood #vietnamese #vietfood "
" : Happy Birthday to you   Vietnamese fans now are garthering at Panda Grill to celebrate your Birthday.  y"
"Hamdan International Photography Award (HIPA)    Edwin Ong Wee Kee 2019    12    . "
" : Justice for Lai Dai Han: Vietnamese Victims of Sexual Violence Must Be Recognised://t.co/HYuJzNjUOz"
"    You mentioned Vietnamese market. I responded they are riddled with bad food."
"Currently eating Pho with a Vietnamese family and they are all using chopsticks while I sit here with my for. Lolol"
"Hey, you served in Vietnam for a year? YeahYou speak any Vietnamese?Maybe*speaks fluent Vietnamese*#theOA"
" : "
"Vietnamese people are so extra part 2 "
"i'm so salty my mom never taught me vietnamese"
"WIN 1 of 3 COPIES OF VIETNAMESE FOOD ANY DAY "
" : Am I the only one who puts CILANTRO on everything and pairs it with any and every dish? I don care if it pasta, pizza, sa"
"Vietnamese people are so extra. Our hamster died (rip Acorn) and my mom made us stand outside for 20 min holding incense as we buried it"
"Am I the only one who puts CILANTRO on everything and pairs it with any and every dish? I don care if it pasta, "
"The shift of Vietnamese students to Canada marches on "
"   Vietnamese is Asian... wow "
""
" I Vietnamese living in US and literally every single Vietnamese parents here would say how shitty Vietn "
"  Vietnamese*"
"Vietnamese Cold Brew Coffee. Hell yeah. "
"Our post 'Us' viewing conversation: Zora's sweatshirt said th which means rabbit in Vietnamese.  Rabbits! From th "
"Vietnamese Wonton soup after gym "
"   You're a bone head. The Vietnamese offered him an early release because his f "
"A true #delicacy!  #rarebeef #carpaccio : thin sliced #beef #greenonions #shallots homemade  #Vietnamese #fishsauce "
" Go to J Town. There are some great Vietnamese waffles."
"(3/24 11) Amazon    N2 2500 Hajimete no Nihongo Nouryoku-s...://t.co/mzfEY2wdjV"
" :  tra Mueller k lu  Donald Trump 'kh  l v Nga' "
" tra Mueller k lu  Donald Trump 'kh  l v Nga' "
"that a daughter of a US soldier rose to political prominence for murdering Vietnamese people, to destroy the sp "
"  I SWEAR BY VIETNAMESE MILK COFFEE THAT ITS LACED W ACTUAL CRACK"
" New lease?Must be the free penthouse for  Putin. Or was it Kim Jong Un? I'll say one thing for Trump;h "
"I explored my neighborhood AND got work done today by relocating every hour or so. I now know I will eat many sandw "
"   Thank u for Vietnamese fans, always proud of vietnamese fans , hopefully it i "
"Time for some hype juice...If you know. You know  drinking Vietnamese coffee"
" Vietnamese "
"This Vietnamese coffee better work wonders or I calling the police"
"  There is one country that should be a role model , against European imperial aggression "
" I consider it lucky, it helps me out when my colloquial Chinese and Vietnamese let's me down. A tip for tr "
"    You've never been to a Vietnamese market I see. You poor thing."
"but i caught the vietnamese reference he made in the movie #UsMovie"
" Because cannibalism is frowned upon in polite society. do make Vietnamese dishes though"
"   Your GF was smart. Vietnamese women love an Irish man (I know from experience). Y "
"5. learn how to speak vietnamese, already mostly understand, can slightly read."
"So h0000man, your loyality is being tested now. Be strong! Du me! (F-word in Vietnamese)"
"Mute me im gonna vietnamese for a while lol"
"A varied menu ahead today: deliver a batch of translated SOPs, review client edits of a pharma regulatory intellige "
" try the vietnamese 3in1 nescafe"
"You cook tacos or pizza on weeknights. Why not Vietnamese? more: "
"Me: Hi Kennedy Holmes I'm your long lost Vietnamese mother!! I'm so proud of you! Continue to share your Amazing "
"A true #delicacy!  #rarebeef #carpaccio : thin sliced #beef #greenonions #shallots homemade  #Vietnamese #fishsauce "
"Sweet, creamy and delicious, this dessert style coffee is perfect after an evening meal. #vietnamesecoffee #coffee "
"   I can understand the white guy Vietnamese better than hers."
"   Me: speak Vietnamese: Diddy Mao!': you're cancelled"
"The shift of Vietnamese students to Canada marches on "
"NOT Vietnamese...  "
"I couldnt believe I had head over heel for Vietnamese version of Comment dire adieu BEFORE I've listened to the original one."
" my dad told me that cursing in english means nothing to him but cursing in vietnamese is like cursing at g "
"the way i s creamed, i would be in the grave instantly if my parents heard me curse in vietnamese "
"vietnamese iced coffee has 2 have Crack in it or something"
"Ever have a hungry and grumpy Vietnamese father in the car with u. U can feel the tension LMFAO"
"12 Feb 1970 Marine Lance Corporal assists an elderly Vietnamese woman. He is an S-2 scout attached to Charlie 1/5. "
" Never had Ethiopian but I in agreement with the others, though i May slide Vietnamese in there t "
" : Spent an amazing evening listening to 9 talented Vietnamese-American writers speak. Representation matters!  "
"This recipe is very good. Easy and delicious. "
"i know then that i was going to get my ass whooped, my mother does not tolerate any kind of cursing.. and in vietna "
"Beautiful beautiful day for some gardening!! out my purple basil!! Watch out for some purple pesto!! "
" yes bcuz of Vietnamese culture in SJ agahdhahsh"
" vietnamese"
"constantly bothered by the English phrase I'm sorry / my condolences they feel very not empathic enough, to the p "
"Vietnamese Review of Posthealth and Data Studies"
"so basically if you don know what  m means,, it means mother fucker.. anyway,, my parents have never said viet "
"    So you going to restrict her to Vietnamese-American ro "
" She's actually a pretty chinese- Vietnamese chick"
" Stephen Pham is a Vietnamese-Australian writer from Cabramatta. He's an original member of SWEATSH "
" : Vietnamese Authorities Control Spread of African Swine Fever with the Use of #Nuclear derived Techniques "
"Skip ordering takeout tonight and make an Asian-inspired recipe at home! Chinese-, Thai-, Vietnamese-, and Japanese "
"Asian Sausage,  Yep! #bahnmi #vietnamesefood #vietnamese #sandwiches #food #ilovefood #asianfood  San Diego, Cali "
"A Vietnamese Fisherman Reeled In a Chinese 22 feet long Yu-6 torpedo "
" : Bout to go tear up some Vietnamese crawfish."
" Humphry Slocombes-Blue Bottle Vietnamese Coffee flavor. Located in San Francisco.  So delicious."
"Beautiful and strong #Vietnamese artwork on The Victoria Star, #HaLongBayCruise  "
"BBQ Pork, Sooo much flavor!!!  #bahnmi #vietnamesefood #food #vietnamese #sandwich #asianfood  San Diego, Califor "
" Oh, haha, that's just the name of a character from this Chinese BL novel I read, translated to vietnamese xD"
"Yummy shaking beef Vietnamese salad!#vietnam #foodie #vietnamese #salad #shaking #beef #yummy #healthyfood "
"No doubt, Thai food is no.1 for real. Not that I'm Thai. But Thai food has variety ingredients and herbs. .2 I w "
"You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as whit "
"Oh Yah... There she goes trying to understand VIETNAMESE. #TheOApart2 - #pug #dogsofinstagram "
"  We don consider them because the two wars in question were apples and oranges. We inte "
"Vietnamese Authorities Control Spread of African Swine Fever with the Use of #Nuclear derived Techniques "
"Vietnamese are not filipinos #unitedstatesofamerica"
"Okay, so am I trippin or was Zora, the daughter character in #UsMovie, wearing a shirt that says  which mean "
"CoolWarmCoolWarm... most of the pictures I took aren't that nice because of the lighting or the focus... like i "
"Unica Edu  Learn English Full Lessons For "
"Swung by My Viet Heritage exhibition called  Before 1975 to see collections and artifacts saved by people w "
" Casualties of War, started with a rape scene of a Vietnamese girl after which she immediately pulled he "
"Me, after drinking my Vietnamese iced coffee "
"Vietnamese American LARPs as Colombo-Libanes."
" Muoi: Legend of a Portrait. Not really a monster movie but it's a Vietnamese horror film focused around "
" :  shouldn just be Black writers writing about police brutality. It shouldn just be Vietnamese writers writing about the Vie"
" Yeah they paid the dwarf in Vietnamese dong that was why it  looked much... 5million dong to be precised ."
" Yes because you can see what you call  Vietnamese done &amp; does until nowadays in Cambodia "
"Did anyone else notice Zora clothing always had a reference to a rabbit. Shirt with a rabbit graphic and later he "
"    Which I stand by. What are the tarrifs on Columbia coffee, Brazil "
" Hold up I'm Vietnamese... this is gonna be awesome"
"Vietnamese food is one of the best Asian foods do not  me"
"I so done I just realized the Vietnamese word/saying for wonton is just wonton with accents on the vowels"
"  Look, they are consistently excellent and the Vietnamese items they offer are good. So "
"if i was a vietnamese monk against cattle slaughter i would simply light myself on fire"
" : I think of all the times I have been to NYC, this was the first time I ate Pho in this city.  phobarnyc is a chic and trendy"
" : Vietnam to take lead in deploying 5G: Minister not only helps individuals to be more creative, but also facilitates busi"
"Bout to go tear up some Vietnamese crawfish."
"Vietnamese came second at 11,131, a 64.7 percent jump, followed by Chinese at 10,119."
"it time to learn Vietnamese "
"To better support business owners and staff, MPI has produced translations of the updated Simply Safe &amp; Suitable pa "
" : Flew to Seville for   25yr anniversary concert, my 1st Spanish hip-hop concert ever (I am British born V"
"   I second Green Goddess. Also, if you like Vietnamese, 9 Roses Cafe was delicious."
"Walked in a Vietnamese graveyard yesterday. These are soldier that died in the war. "
" they do that with vietnamese coffee! it in some cafes :-)"
"Our sitting area is progressing! Two very nice Vietnamese women were admiring  and telling me what a big "
" : Since ww2 soho trochadero has been the meat market, from italians to maltese arabs romanians, russians all the various"
"Zora clothes: Her shirts both reference rabbits  the 1st is a rabbit and the 2nd is the Vietnamese word for rabb "
"   So if the US decides to kill millions of Vietnamese or Iraqi people, it do "
"Anyone hungry for some more food photography?...#eporita #photography #food #photo #picture #shrimp #vietnamese "
"Performance by  (U. of Western Ontario) at last night's Vietnamese Culture Show Ignite XXI  "
" Vietnamese restaurants never seem busy and taking pho to go can get hectic. Eating in solo is probably "
"Vietnamese food. "
" : Idk if it's this Vietnamese coffee coursing through my veins, but I wish everyone a great day and hope you're all working tow"
"I'm at Saigon Bay Vietnamese Restaurant in Tampa, FL "
"Nhau: Serving Modern Vietnamese Flavours In Sheung Wan "
"What's your name?RickyNo really, what's your REAL name? Like is it short for Richard, Richie, Richardo? Yo "
"My baby boomer, Vietnamese  driver is singing  for his life right now and I am HERE. FOR. IT."
"  Celebratory Vietnamese food to celebrate classes ending this week?"
"Sundays are for Vietnamese food "
"A Warby Parker *store* in our building? And just a block from Original Chipotle and what looks like Vietnamese Chi "
"Vietnamese crepes aka  xeo! #SundayFunDay #SpringBreak #Cooking  Arvada, Colorado "
"I don understand bc everybody else in this show speaks better Vietnamese than the one lady that supposed to be "
"Me after eating all the Vietnamese food this afternoon "
"   Uneducated Vietnamese were able to use stripper clips while under fire... Soldier "
"What's your favorite place to go out to for food?  I have 2 fav sushi restaurants, one for ramen and one for Vietn "
"I'm at Got Pho? Thien Kim Vietnamese Restaurant in Vancouver, BC "
" : I having #friendenese food tonight, # courtesy of my young Polish friend J; I (an Aussie) cooked  Vietnamese"
"boston pho is better.   #boston #chinatown #pho #phopasteur #vietnamese #vietnamesefood #greentea #tea "
"  every time I see it, I think of Kool and The Gang... I just change celebrate to elevat "
"omg i remembered a word in vietnamese.. call me quadrilingual"
"  I knew it. Glad Meeps is teaching us the truth about Vietnamese culture."
"   17 - The commemoration must be celebrated after sunset and before sunrise (Exodus 34:25):: "
"17 - The commemoration must be celebrated after sunset and before sunrise (Exodus 34:25):: "
"Father of murdered 9-year-old Vietnamese girl marks 2nd anniversary of her death "
"These people have done more against this country then the Warriors from GERMANY, JAPAN, AND THE VIETNAMESE..put tog "
"Discrimination and Cambodia ethnic Vietnamese population:  history between the two nations has influenced t "
" w/ Complimentary Pop-Up Nail Salon! 14 - 5:15PM  ://t.co/wTgD63vKWl#FAAIM "
" :  have a Vietnamese red 1st flush tea with a little dash of milk. #afternoontea #sundayvibes #SundayFunday "
""
" A picture of Phan Th Kim Ph, the little Vietnamese girl who was so badly burned by napalm, helped "
"The only one-use tool we allowing in our kitchens. (Don't hold us to that.)://t.co/wP85tCiS4T"
"De Vietnamese restaurantjes in Toronto zijn het allerbeste in woordgrapjes, met namen als  u en  pas. Hoe "
"  My bff is half-Vietnamese and she has freckles. So, Jimin can have them too, it's not entirely impossible."
"Yung kakakain ko palang sa vietnamese. Sa chinese naman ngayon"
" I got the Bible verse. But did you know the girls shirt that said   on it was Vietnamese for r "
"   Vietnamese fans~ you and love you and proud"
"Hey Netflix, Vietnamese and I cannot understand a word that the lady in episode 1 of the OA is saying. unde "
" have a Vietnamese red 1st flush tea with a little dash of milk. #afternoontea #sundayvibes #SundayFunday "
"I waiting the Vietnamese version of the Bachelorette rn and this shit is hilarious LMAO"
"Cambridge's An Lac House for Vietnamese war refugees is facing closure over Cambridgeshire County Council cut plan "
"  John McCain did with the North Vietnamese, Hillary did with Uranium One, Barack Obama did with th "
"Fun fact: Mark Wahlberg was convicted in 1988 for beating two Vietnamese-American men. He punched one of the victim "
"damn,  really gave the Vietnamese community a shout out throughout the whole movie . if you know, you know "
" vietnamese and eng"
"Sponsored: Vietnamese Pho Restaurant - "
"vietnamese iced coffee iin my veins right now im convinced i could lift a car if i wanted to"
"oh so here's a fun fact: i went to see the movie with one of my besties (who is Vietnamese) and he told me that Zor "
"would give my left nut for a Vietnamese pancake rn"
"Still not over what I heard in Paris  : So guys, where are you from ? family next to us : from Sout "
"remember when bts made a vietnamese version of danger,, truly iconic"
"yoooo Vietnamese food yeah "
" Vietnamese Beef  Stew!   Best ever..."
" Fam I was drinking my vietnamese coffee and I was like nah we gats to go and do a madness there! It's gon happen amen"
" Jim I have a question-Question. When  eats crow about the Mueller Report will it be a "
"We need more women in government. senator.  First Vietnamese American elected to the Georgia Congress. "
" Question. When  eats crow about the Mueller Report will it be a Vietnamese Crow? If it is "
"   They think they will be like the N. Vietnamese and will prevail against all od "
"  Slavery, Native Genocide, Jim Crow, the neglect of the AIDS crisis, the collapse of the econom "
"Pho! Pho Ca Dao &amp; Grill in santee   #phocadao #pho #pholife #viet #vietnam #vietnamesefood #vietnamese #vietfood "
"I hungry, but I keep going between wanting a burrito, pizza, or Vietnamese food."
" vietnamese"
" ...a big fan of using racial slurs to describe the Vietnamese people he shouldn have been killing in the first place."
" Omg a yt person I know didn know that vietnamese people were Asian"
"  True, he made himself useful to both sides. it funny bc his captors when he left tho "
"ok   know i'm bad. please don't ban me again. don't like that. will not do that again. mor "
"Waarom gaan mensen tegen racisme demonstreren op de landelijke opschoondag  mijn racisme roepende collega oo "
"  Richard Nixon Watergate in his little Fiasco with the Vietnamese government Reagan Iran-Contra Bu "
"A Vietnamese ex-colleague was illiterate at age 16 when she moved to Australia on refugee status. Her family is bro "
" Just sat at the bar in Kim Son Vietnamese and Chinese Restr.  2001 Jefferson str., Houston. Will prov "
"#MarchMadness and M&amp;G burger vibe   7-oz Angus ground chuck, caramelized onion, roasted garlic relish, cheddar c "
" : Vietnamese children enthusiastic ready to sing the national hymn #APSIC2019 Let us encourage and teach the very young abo"
" Thai and Vietnamese people?"
"2. of 2.) the government of people who understood what was happening in Asia. example, the Vietnamese, "
" directly involved in the deaths of scores of innocent Vietnamese civilians"
"they playing overwatch league at my vietnamese barber shop "
" I imagine if someone gets upset enough about this it them that have the problem, probably prejudice themsel "
"why the hell is Vietnamese iced coffee so damn strong, this shit good asl tho"
"Deprived of citizenship, the Vietnamese of Cambodia live on the edge of society  Global Voices #cambodia"
"Thank God for my Vietnamese iced coffee"
" YOURE VIETNAMESE?????????????"
" : Vietnamese  "
"Throw them all out!! Never saw such unappreciative bunch! All others acclimated and loved our nation. Italians, Gre "
" that is completely fine because that Vietnamese woman speaks French so whatever she says to me that is "
"Toronto Pho ://t.co/SKG6JuRLE9#pho #Torontopho #delicious #delicious_food #Vietnamese_Restaurant  #Toronto "
"Since I had to take an extra English/ELD lessons when I was elementary. She asked me what my first language was and "
"Someone come with me to get some Vietnamese food"
"Stumbled across this Industrial-style American coffee shop, infused with an authentic Vietnamese caf.  perfect "
"Idea! I can make Vietnamese broken rice tonight!!"
" Dude!  Lived here almost 29 years now - what kind of food do you like?  SO much more to Houston th "
" Joe is busy soliciting himself for sex is what I mean and I looked at that Filipino guy after Viet Nam "
" why would a Vietnamese woman say that and I meet Grant Tanaka?  you know David drove right by and what "
" : Rare Vietnamese Phu Quoc Ridgeback Puppy  #LADogs #LAAdopt #Dogs #Puppies #DogFinder #AdoptADog"
" A hater of the vietnamese"
" You know that thing about Phiyen where he knew what a plain white shirt is?  Why in Vietnamese does it do that?"
" what is it about the Vietnamese that does that?  It's like she didn't understand anything at all and st "
"Rare Vietnamese Phu Quoc Ridgeback Puppy  #LADogs #LAAdopt #Dogs #Puppies #DogFinder "
" I was sick most of the night ( not too bad, just a little/got no sleep) and when that the case, h "
" : Richard Nixon's campaign worked covertly with the South Vietnamese government in order to manufacture timely bad headl"
" I only love southern, Vietnamese and seafood"
" : Went for Vietnamese lunch, picked up Indian mackerel at the Sri-Lankan , got Barm Brack at the British "
"And what best that vietnamese food ? "
"Red Stix is leaving Legacy Hall and opening two new locations for its Vietnamese food ://t.co/DnQha4acPg "
"as a member of a filipino-vietnamese-north carolinian american family, i endorse this message. "
"    I am the Lorax I speak for the trees, and I'm warning you they speak Vietnamese"
" : After Vietnam protests to China over the sinking of one of its SCS fishing boats, China says:  hope the Vietnamese s"
"Winner of $120,000 #photographyprize reportedly #staged #photo of #Vietnamesemother #HIPA "
"Chile edges closer to Vietnamese market access for apples, cherries "
"  I'd need some serious arrogance to be able to leave Finland and expect everyone to pr "
" : It the Vietnamese Sub Sandwich  the Vietnamese Sub Sandwich the Vietnamese Sub Sandwich #SD "
"Went for Vietnamese lunch, picked up Indian mackerel at the Sri-Lankan , got Barm Brack at the Britis "
"Drinking a Ten Ton Truck - Vietnamese Coffee Edition by   Airyhall  "
" : translating Vinh Vuong, An Quach's 100 kinds of Goblins, Monsters, Ghosts and Demons of the Vietnamese Culture (which c"
"Bo Vietnamese Kitchen expands with Prairieville market and deli  "
"Gourmet Vietnamese coffee - G'morning Vietnam Blend - 100% Arabica Medium roast "
"Vietnamese Iced coffee (Ca Phe Sua Da) - Cold-brew coffee "
"As stateless people, the ethnic Vietnamese on Tonl Sap do not have the same protections and privileges as the citi "
"Miss Saigon Blend - Gourmet Vietnamese coffee - 100% Arabica Dark roast  "
"Dalat Moutain Blend - Gourmet Vietnamese coffee - 100% Arabica French roast "
"Miss Saigon Blend - Gourmet Vietnamese coffee - 100% Arabica Dark roast "
"Dalat Mountain Blend - Gourmet Vietnamese coffee - 100% Arabica - French roast "
"Miss Saigon Blend - Gourmet Vietnamese coffee - 100% Arabica Dark roast  "
" Yes lawd!! It's amazing with Vietnamese coffee!!"
"On Friday I am doing a 'TedTalk' on online dating in front of 30 Vietnamese adults, most of whom are not fluent in "
"Vietnamese tiger monkey tea with some new tea ware in my tiny flat. New gaiwan and tea cup. via /r/tea "
"i wanna learn how to speak Mandarin and Vietnamese"
"Vietnamese coffee is like coke. One sip got me feeling awake for the whole week."
" : What's the difference between sausage &amp; meatloaf? Just the shape? I went a little crazy thinking about this because of the"
"What's the difference between sausage &amp; meatloaf? Just the shape? I went a little crazy thinking about this because "
" South Vietnamese President Diem was assassinated 7 years before my birthday"
"  HAHAHAHAHAHAHAH... stats...from DeVos?...oh, please...spare me. me a data s "
"Brought my Latte to my fave #pho place near me  ( Pho Son Nam Vietnamese Restaurant) on #Yelp "
"Die Vietnamese roeiers doen precies of ze rijden me ne vlo. #VietnamGotTalent #demol"
"Alberta-u student obtains historic absolution for an apparent lyrical porky w/in message on left while transforma "
"I found bunch of Vietnamese movies on YT, am watching one and I gotta say, all the actresses are so beautiful which "
"It was awesome 2 mt w/ Bao Phi 2 discuss Viet lang, Viet Dual Lang Immersion prog, common experiences &amp; our nd 4 ch "
"the one time i decide to leave my house for an errand without eye makeup on or even putting my hair up, like i li "
"OFFICE of the HISTORIAN: HISTORICAL FACT: THE YEAR THESE RCA 12AT7WB TUBES WERE IN NAVY SUPPLY DEPOTS ...  In early "
"Curling is over for good. Celebrated/mourned with some pho and other delights at phoyowinnipeg #phoyowinnipeg #pho "
" 1) My sister is Korean, not Chinese.) Chinese isn't actually a language.) My sister has lived in "
" My Vietnamese friends name is Nga (pronounced NAH, like hell nah) her last name was Tran &amp; on the 1st day "
" YES! All coffee shops should also serve Vietnamese coffee too while we at it"
" Absolutely! Vietnamese is perhaps the best example one could cite. It goes beyond phonemes."
" R.I.P to me because I not eating no Vietnamese soup for the rest of my life!!!  "
"Would you guys be mad if I started tweeting in Vietnamese because if I don start practicing I end up forgettin "
"Stopped at foggy downtown Olds, having yummy Vietnamese noodle for lunch. Almost home! "
" I speak on behalf of my Vietnamese upbringing I nit sure about other asian cultures but these are tra "
"||;  ;||#photography #spiritual #girls #hair #jewelry #beauty #beautymark #visualkei #virgo #model "
" : Who do you think got rid of the White Australia policy? It was Harold Holt the Liberal. And who said   not having th"
"We pulled up at a Vietnamese restaurant &amp; there was a whole line of parking spaces with cars owned by car dudes. Th "
"   Hot  Vietnamese Pho  "
"jangan napsu kalo lagi k coffee shop ya temen temen , dari jam 6 sore hari sabtu sampe jam 6 sore hari ini , diriku "
" : Vietnamese people make the best crawfish"
"I had hunger and bamboo shoots,  sundried tomatoes,  onion, garlic,  few mushrooms, soy sauce, schezwan chutney and vietnamese noodles"
"Vietnamese food with parents.  "
" They offer samples!!! I in love with the house coffee (Vietnamese coffee + hazelnut)"
"when viet moms speak Vietnamese to their broken-viet-spoken daughters only when money is involved bc u never kno if "
" : Jon until I see you self immolate like that Vietnamese Buddhist in 1963, on a busy road in Sunderland, protesting the persecutio"
" we did it vietnamese style ;)"
" The Vietnamese folk be having the seafood on lock round ya"
"Vegan eating our way round Berlin -SO good! Quy Nguyen yesterday for healthy and delish Vietnamese lunch. Also had "
"#VietnameseTeaCeremony #vietnameseweddingteaceremony #vietnamese #vietnamesegirl #love #marriage #wedding "
"2 Vietnamese women are shopping at a Vancouver mall. They pass a new refugee. The 1st one says to the other - Host "
"Damn I really to go get some strawberry crepes and Vietnamese coffe right now."
" The tweets are speaking Vietnamese"
"How to Order Vietnamese Food Like a Pro "
" When, decades ago, I made a case for admitting and supporting refugees from Viet Nam, I received a nu "
"Purple Milk Tea &amp; Vietnamese Pandan Waffle fatbeedrinks #fatbeekc #fatbeedrinks #purplemilktea #boba  Fat Bee Drin "
" : In an alternate timeline I ordered the pho instead of the braised duck from that Vietnamese place. Because of this we evol"
"  I think those are the only 2 Vietnamese items on the menu. I've been to Vietnam and it's "
"I want a Vietnamese rice plate"
"Purple Milk Tea &amp; Vietnamese Pandan Waffle #fatbeekc #fatbeedrinks fatbeedrinks #purplemilktea  Fat Bee Drinks "
" I thought that D was an O &amp; thought it might be a young Vietnamese woman."
" Umi for sushi. Cecilia for pasta and coastal Italian  on Buford highway for Chinese "
"The reviews are in! Gentrifying white hipsters are huge fans of our Vietnamese-style unagi Peking duck with star anise chunjang."
"New Vietnamese Restaurant in East Longmeadow  Pho Delicious  Vietnamese Cuisine"
"VIETNAM - FIRST TIME IN HISTORY: THE NATIONAL ASSEMBLY OF VIETNAM INVITED DR. OLIVER MASSMANN TO PRESENT IN VIETNAM "
"Kazakhstan c th l c h chuy giao quy l cho Putin? "
" :  Healing Pho  delicious traditional Vietnamese dish has huge gut healing abilities and is perfect for the end"
"  DON'T BLUMENTHAL FEEL A LITTLE HYPOCRITICAL SAYING TRUMP IS A LIAR AND A CRIMINAL. I BEL "
" : ~, do you know vietnamese noodle 'Hu Tieu'? It is so nice that i'd like to introduce"
" : Following the end of WW2 Britain rushed to restore Dutch colonial rule in Indonesia and French colonial rule in Vietnam."
"This afternoon.... was soup on the BBQ! Well.... Vietnamese Pho to be a little more precise made using the "
"~, do you know vietnamese noodle 'Hu Tieu'? It is so nice that i'd like to intr "
" : #ArtistsofSEA I'm Esp and I'm Vietnamese American and I like doing character design and drawing monsters. "
" I was laughing so hard. Or that one that vietnamese lady came in 5 minutes before close. Said a whole paragr "
" : Vietnamese iced coffee is the bom"
"Q&amp;A with : Cornea, almost two residencies, and a Vietnamese hoagie. #optometry  "
"Vietnamese iced coffee is the bom"
" : Bae Suzy Vietnamese Fanpage is selling these products to support Suzy and her upcoming drama Vagabond. They are going to send"
" '   ? ,  .  '  !   !#gay #asiangay #vietnamese "
" this hurts me lol a vietnamese second gen can have her shit tatted in vietnamese and not speak an ounce of it"
" : #OTD 1971 Operation Lam Son 719 ends. Both sides claim victory. Saigon puts casualty figs at 1,160 South Vietnamese &amp; 13,6"
"i can decide if i want jamaican or vietnamese food "
"Remy Martin ad in English, Chinese, and Vietnamese. (Battery at Washington, San Francisco) "
"#Seabees brave North Vietnamese Army artillery fire to keep #KheSanh runway open! Read ASPHALT &amp; BLOOD "
"#OTD 1971 Operation Lam Son 719 ends. Both sides claim victory. Saigon puts casualty figs at 1,160 South Vietnamese "
"Today is pretty easy at work, sitting back and having some Vietnamese coffee!"
"I having #friendenese food tonight, # courtesy of my young Polish friend J; I (an Aussie) cooked  "
" Man frfr great minds think alike. Cajun crawfish isn good like Vietnamese crawfish"
"Jon until I see you self immolate like that Vietnamese Buddhist in 1963, on a busy road in Sunderland, protesting t "
" Vietnamese"
"Vietnamese people make the best crawfish"
"  gorilla warfare. the military is highly unlikely to follow any orders to attack cit "
" I grew up on a street with Italians who never learned English, Puerto Rican families, Vietnamese, white "
"  That racist bro. Do you know how many Vietnamese people are called Ho?"
"re: vietnamese food im saying is, theyve got something figured out. and that why i need to go to the source so i can figure it too"
" thai or vietnamese oR KAOFFELECKEN"
" We had a vietnamese family with the last name fuk"
"omg they teach korean japanese n vietnamese at csulb "
" DEFINITELY vietnamese restaurants, every time ive gone to any i swear it plays at least once lol"
"Keukengeheimen #7 Vietnamese springrolls bij Viet View - Allerhande "
" : The shift of Vietnamese students to Canada marches on #cdnpse #intled"
"my mom be talking Vietnamese to $imone like she understand "
" Omg. I Racist cuz I can pronounce some Icelandic, Swedish, German, Finnish, African, Vietnamese, &amp; Cambodian names."
"Police have dismantled many drug labs run by Vietnamese in the 905 area://t.co/tT1EFHlnL3"
"  it meant rabbit in vietnamese?? this shit wild  great film though."
"are all older vietnamese people obsessed with the song careless whisper or am i imagining it"
"In veel grote steden komt er meer en meer bebouwing en zien we minder groen. Het Vietnamese Vo Trong Nghia Architec "
"Why was Lt Dan the only one of Forrest's old army buddies at his wedding? Like you can't take a personal day for th "
"Vietnamese food is everything."
"Meet Chuong Le. He's an immigrant from Vietnam and the owner of Pho Saigon. He believes that with  food you ca "
" By the way, I don't know much about it but Vietnamese is a *really* beautiful language from what I've hea "
"  I with you. Last year I spent 7 months living in the Vietnamese countryside and I real "
" Picked up Vietnamese Food and relaxed whole day long with napping and reading. Quality time with my ca "
"Qu H has really good vietnamese subs.  wrote about this place in 2015 and its delicious. I highly rec "
"Proud of you, Vietnamese MingErs  #Saint_sup #MingEr #MingErVietNam "
""
"Vietnamese blogger Truong Duy Nhat, who disappeared in Thailand, imprisoned in Vietnam "
"Escape the hustle and bustle of everyday life in these bamboo huts built on a remote Vietnamese beach://t.co/DpzantitWE"
" Green tea, and black tea, primarily English and Irish breakfast tea. I also like to go to a Vietna "
"Still never tried a  m (Vietnamese baguettes)?  We suggest you visit  in "
" . i can tell you how many times people have asked me if i related to X person and i gotta tell them "
" I love that you try, it's all that matter :).  the tonal mark is what separates words in Vietnamese "
" : Dinner with the Lovers of the Holy Cross of Los Angeles Sisters and the  team at #RECongress. We are in awe of a"
"#Vietnamese #cold #ricenoodle #salad with #mint #peanuts #porktenderloin #fishsauce #thaichili #cucumber #scallion "
"Forget Uber, use Lyft to Le Fat #french #vietnamese #atlanta #dinner Lyft Promo Code JOX"
"For all my Vietnamese peeps!  "
"Listening to Snow Patrol in a Vietnamese restaurant in Charlotte. #alltheculturescollide  eating noodles at Mr. Pho "
" : Wait..  is  in Vietnamese... did they do this on purpose??  #usthemovie "
"Dinner with the Lovers of the Holy Cross of Los Angeles Sisters and the  team at #RECongress. We are in "
" : 1 facts about #TeamSuperMarrow! #team #cycling #leukemia #RaceAcrossAmerica #RAAM #vet #physician #doctor #author"
" I'm your Vietnamese fan &gt;&lt; Love you so much!!! Fightinggg!!!!!!!"
"#pickled carrot #daikon #vietnamese #scratchmade #splenda #ricevinegar #koshersalt #thaichili #sweet #spicy #fresh "
"A slow braise for your Sunday: Clay Pot-Caramelized Pork Belly and Arrowhead Stew from Roots by Diane Morgan inspir "
"    Het was Chomsky die de Vietnamese bootvluchtelingen spionnen van de "
"  I agree with Sam. Saigon is more Asian fusion BUT the Vietnamese items on their menu ar "
" : Exquisite Vietnamese drama investigates a society where tradition and social expectation govern the lives of everyone, and"
" I ate Vietnamese spring rolls oppa.What abt you?Please eat well "
"   Lowry ate my mom's homemade Vietnamese spring rolls at Teo's. True  story lol"
"1 facts about #TeamSuperMarrow! #team #cycling #leukemia #RaceAcrossAmerica #RAAM #vet #physician #doctor "
" Omg is she vietnamese"
"I think of all the times I have been to NYC, this was the first time I ate Pho in this city.  phobarnyc is a chic a "
"Vietnamese Accountability Update! My Vietnam trip is over, so here is what I have been working on: learning how to "
""
"WHAT TO EAT IN HOI AN! Vietnamese Street Food Tour: (function(d) { var params = "
" : Vietnamese eatery Pho Banh Mi recently opened at a space previously occupied by Cafe Epi in downtown #PaloAlto serving"
" : It's clear my father did not voluntarily go back to Vietnam, said the daughter of Vietnamese blogger Truong Duy Nhat "
"get you a girl who knows how to make Vietnamese egg coffee &amp; has the hardware to do it "
" No Vietnamese but Zahav's stunning &amp; everything in South Philly is good: Primo Hoagies, Cacia's square "
"Skip ordering takeout tonight and make an Asian-inspired recipe at home! Chinese-, Thai-, Vietnamese-, and Japanese "
" : Finally, as the hours passed, the Marines forced the North Vietnamese to withdraw. By 4:30 pm, the battlefield had quieted."
" : North Vietnamese, and hustled back toward the top of the hill and comparative safety. An OV-10 attack plane overhead droppe"
"vietnamese snakes be like:"
" The most classic example that most ppl know is the Vietnamese surname Nguyen which most ppl from western "
"People with these accents have butchered my name: (fucking what)' "
" Tell that to the Vietnamese, the afghanis, the iraqi, on and on and on who have all fought off t "
"Philly restaurant recommendations? Vietnamese?"
" : I went to Goldie, The Press Room, The Bread Peddler, The Fridge, some Vietnamese spot, Dough &amp; Co, and a place that se"
" Saigon is good but I find their food more generic Asian (dim sum, Chinese &amp; Japanese) vs authentic Vie "
"An archipelago off Vietnam coast is home to a five-star beach resort a haunting past: "
" : We need help saving Kenny! This is an #urgent search, as Kenny has a very aggressive #cancer.  &amp; register now at ht"
"#Memory19thofMark#MarkSiwat # fans love you "
"We did WERK today. Another talented model poses in a Vietnamese ao dai for our SaigonxSeoul project.   DDP "
"Things i enjoy in milk tea/boba/bubble tea or vietnamese coffee) grass jelly [ 7leaves tea ]) sea cream  [ 7 l "
"We joined a Vietnamese wedding, as one does in Vietnam. #vietnam #wedding #fun #spontaneous #goodenergy "
"     Are there any Vietnamese places near you?"
" that is really so sad because I don't look mental at all and with Phuong being Vietnamese and her being "
" : Happy to explore the Vietnamese culture and literature by visiting the first university built in 1070 - Temple of Literature"
" Its probably in vietnamese dong, the whole thing only cost a dollar "
"so this vietnamese channel plays random kpop live performances the whole time.. holler is on right now and i not complaining at all"
"Vietnamese... #ineedthis "
"Henry is very confused by Vietnamese coffee "
" Masaka is really interesting and smart...I had no idea she was doing so for me.  Why did it mean if the "
"New Updated About Vietnam Visa for US Citizen in 2019://t.co/LQrOt8Cm1A#vietnam #vietnamvisa #visaonline "
" that is really so sad for the Vietnamese.  Guess who called me from the Japanese embassy?  Tons of Viet "
" To prove that Vietnamese woman wrong?  You know in a sense of gold digging her first dollar bill from t "
""
"translating Vinh Vuong, An Quach's 100 kinds of Goblins, Monsters, Ghosts and Demons of the Vietnamese Culture (w "
"  Nh m gi m,  kh l, y 5, ghen, h nay t bu, y l tha thu,  n c anh "
"  Vietnamese citizens are  obedient but not stupid.  It is risky for CPV to continue following China down this road."
" Sprout? The Vietnamese place."
"I went to Goldie, The Press Room, The Bread Peddler, The Fridge, some Vietnamese spot, Dough &amp; Co, and a place that serves human."
" The old Vietnamese woman wants me to go into that hotel and face the music April's mother has an opinio "
"i dont wanna do homework so i'll translate some vietnamese myths for yall. it'll be in a thread."
"The Vietnamese don say yes, they say yas.  : Tom are you ready for class today?: YAAS TEACHER!! absolutely love it "
" I was recently on the hunt for Vietnamese food and found out that the restaurant, Saigon is actually V "
" : #Seabees brave North Vietnamese Army artillery fire to keep #KheSanh runway open! Read ASPHALT &amp; BLOOD "
" :   Dude it delicious Vietnamese soup. If tradesies are an option, I give up Cereal for"
"Vietnamese consumers carry less cash://t.co/6SH7bOCFgN"
"Are any really good places to get authentic Vietnamese and authentic Korean food in Cape Town?"
" : Introducing our new line of wraps! Inspired by global flavors and made with organic ingredients. Choose from Indian Curry"
"HIGHLIGHT: queer myths! i only know one that is explicitly Gay in vietnamese mythology, and it is of "
"De geur van zo'n karretje bij de Jumbo waar Vietnamese loempia's worden gebakken. Dat is ook vrijheid."
" Here, i'm Vietnamese "
"Vietnamese Blogger Who Vanished in Thailand Jailed in Hanoi  "
"Best Vietnamese coffee in town #pho95 #bestphointown #bestcoffee #goodmornig #condensemilkcoffee #iceorhot "
" : "
"its text is in vietnamese, but i find the illustration a good resource, so hopefully yall can find some use from it "
"Get the Skinny | Vietnamese Chicken Wings By Brad McGehee of Blue Line Sandwich Co. | WGNO "
"Final stop was the original US Embassy located at 39 H Nghi Boulevard. On the 30/03/65 a car bomb was detonated i "
"people ask me why, When I get my nails done it looks like a Vietnamese style or like a Thai style, Becuase they are the best one."
" vietnamese"
"when the trees start speaking vietnamese and the snow starts speaking finnish"
" Hmmm...maybe I can find a Vietnamese place around the tri-cities and we can go scope it out."
"#SanJose #CA- FREE Citizenship Workshop tomorrow 3/25! Get legal consultation to determine citizenship eligibility "
"  Also Mekong for good Thai/Vietnamese grub and great service. Primrose for gorgeous breakfasts."
" : florist's account who beautiful flower stands for crescendo, coalition, HK fanclub, NZ fan groups."
" : VIETNAMESE FANS PROJECT FOR LISA 'S BDAY!#LISA #BLACKPINK #YG #KPOP #LALISA   "
" While Whitlam didn want to upset the Vietnamese Government by accepting refugees from there, his G "
" Vietnamese eri project for your birthday. Do you like it ? "
" : All Vietnamese do not love one another you already know that. Thuy Nguyen peeling the fruits and cracking the seeds of"
" and Mantis (i just knew it now) she's a Vietnamese in comics"
"I kinda wanna learn vietnamese this is such a random thought but like that would be cool"
"Vietnam street food lying under some tables. Vietnam, on the roadside most of the street food are served on the "
"  I never touched anything Vietnamese mostly because my dad has a thing about anything Vietnamese."
"Tuberculosis kills 12,000 Vietnamese people annually: Deputy PM "
" Can you say Hello in Vietnamese? I love you &lt;3"
"  Baekhyunnie  Always love you- from a Vietnamese girl "
"VIETNAM WIND ENERGY  LEGAL SECTOR COMMITTEE VIETNAM  WIND ENERGY - EUROCHAM: Meeting with Chairman of EVN Mr Duon "
"Look at #lingerieaddicted "
" Do you mind if i repost and trans it into english or vietnamese?  I really interest your fa and the "
"  No it's a Vietnamese dish that's DELICIOUS"
"   But yet you eat chinese food, thai, indian, vietnamese... and you can see "
" i totally understand!!!!!!!!!!! i can speak a decent amount of vietnamese, so if you need anything, jus "
" I can't write Korean, I am Vietnamese but maybe write English you will understand a little bit. Hop "
" : He killed children and called the Vietnamese people by a racist slur up until the day he died.  Harris thinks this is"
" : March 24, 1969: This reports more USMC activity in the A Shau Valley, a prime North Vietnamese entry point from the Ho C"
"Raised in New York a Vietnamese family,  is a third-culture kid who grew up eating her grandparents Vietna "
" Great city with some great places to eat   #vietnamese"
" -Japanese, Chinese, and Korean from consuming their media, I should be able to actually learn Vietnam "
" Sadly I'm not on good enough terms to pester my relatives about translating for me hahaha, but if I c "
"March 24, 1969: This reports more USMC activity in the A Shau Valley, a prime North Vietnamese entry point from the "
"   Why reply just Korean fan. Don't you love Vietnamese fan ?"
" 'weaving a realm', documentation of vietnamese robes that are not just ao dai (english translation of e "
"Gol Injury Time Vietnam Tutup Peluang Timnas Indonesia U-23 ke Piala Asia 2020 via ://twitter.com/lampung77 "
"On this day in 1975: NVA launch offensive: "
"vietnamese blinks i guess its serious come get ur kisses "
"    i'm a Vietnamese. I hope you will come VietNam"
"I wanted to know about Vietnamese course on Duolingo so I did a test, it was fun hahaha got some questions wrong "
"i mean USD conversion to vietnamese currency is pretty fuked up it would be like a dollar to buy a book iirc... a "
"Translation Easter Egg:  (as written on Zora shirt) means  in Vietnamese. , this is the secon "
"  Dude it delicious Vietnamese soup. If tradesies are an option, I give up Cereal for Pho. "
" Oppaaaaaa! Tr l em m l  kh:&lt;&lt;&lt; I'm from Vietnamese"
" Vietnamese milk tea is very delicious "
" I ate chicken and some Vietnamese food u^u"
" Hello Baekhyunie, i'm from Vietnam &lt;3 Vietnamese fan very miss you :&lt;"
"John cho will play a Chinese in his next film. In Broken Girls and Kim's convinience store, Chinese actors play as "
"#training session online with Vietnamese teacher Ha Nga . #mieexpert #mietrainer #sway"
" Wil you call my name ? Or ... Hi     in Vietnamese "
"Vietnamese spring rolls and dipping sauce  How to prepare? "
"#vietnamese #castle "
"Fantastically beautiful and creative, this is a testament to the Vietnamese people. "
"We have failed out children.   This reminds me of Vietnamese Buddhist monks self-immolating during the Vietnam war. "
"NOT MY IMAGE BUT VIETNAMESE MOOMIN ?? HOLY SHIT "
" Today I ate Vietnamese banh mi for 3 meals!!! "
" Today I ate 'Vietnamese banh mi' for 3 meals!!!"
" Healing Pho  delicious traditional Vietnamese dish has huge gut healing abilities and is perfect for the "
" : New #Recipe | Pulled Lamb B M recipe is inspired by the Vietnamese street food snack B m, but with a Bri"
"Seriously considering adding the project management of my big American/Catholic/Vietnamese wedding to my resume. Ma "
"Vietnamese Mixed Rice Paper "
" I wish i was like them  love you and i love my Jin. #Vietnamese"
" Hello Baekhyun... Im from in Vietnamese "
" Hello Baekhyun  'm EXO L from Vietnamese  must take 10000000 years for Baek rep comment "
" Remember that vietnamese chilli sauce you bought some time back? Highly recommended with hot dog, that."
"OTD in 1975 North Vietnamese launch  Chi Minh Campaign"
"Vietnamese cuisine among world most favorite "
"Vietnamese cuisine among world most favorite "
" Ya his 'morals' allowed him to participate in the slaughter of thousands of Vietnamese villagers.  Pr "
"  for bother you but the trash talk from 496.Datbb in the game 496vsTiger has trigger a very big wa "
"Book review: Captivating debut from Richmond author follows Vietnam theme "
"VIETNAMESE COFFEE IS SO GOOD FUCK STARBUCKS LIVES"
"Vietnamese spring roll  A gastronomic specialty of "
"Tijd voor een snackje, liggen nog Vietnamese loempia's in de vriezer. Ik zet de pan vast aan- 'Hoeveel zijn er n "
"Serving up some Sunday Vietnamese Caramelized Pork Belly. Enjoy the rest of your day. "
" : Guys I in a Vietnamese restaurant and I don know what to order...it called Pho? Help meeee!! (Allergic to shrimp so"
"the normal daughter green shirt said  which means rabbit in Vietnamese #UsMovie"
" When I hear you say you love the Vietnamese army???!!! "
" It interesting we call McCain a war hero for killing hundreds or thousands of Vietnamese from the ai "
" So well said he also was the traitor that worked his North Vietnamese captors and he was the jerk that "
" My favourite bit was the guy who had done one tour in Vietnam but had faultless Vietnamese"
"Vietnamese-Style Baked Chicken #Recipe #foodie"
"   Both Conservatives &amp; Labour are to blame. Mrs Thatcher was elected in 19 "
"When you go to the park to bike ride not knowing there's a festival today which means yummy food trucks everywhere. "
"Vietnamese mangoes to be exported to "
"Tuan: Big fucking deal! My mother's dead. And my older brother, he's dead. Shot by Americans. My neighbor, dead. H "
"Vietnamese Crepe filled with an Asian glazed smoked bacon.Asian glazed  "
" happy Birthday .Wish kazui over the new age will be lucky, succeed in work, happy with family and have fu "
"A Pox on the Houses of Trump and McCain, Huxleyan Media, and the Myth of  Vietnam War  McCain was a war "
" : The  food truck takes it indoors for #BaconFestChi. Get ready for their Vietnamese Crepe filled with an Asian"
"Excellent Vietnamese food then out and about. #vacationDC "
"Banana, jackfruit rolls, house-made dessert  #vietnameserestaurant #vietnamesegrill "
" If you're in Intellune, you can be in my guilt, just me and some Vietnamese guy there right now."
" Mrs Thatcher (the Iron Lady, who's not for turning - she said) was elected in 1979 with a promise "
"Vietnamese Coffee is great ! can help you a lot! "
"The  food truck takes it indoors for #BaconFestChi. Get ready for their Vietnamese Crepe filled with an "
" hate you so muchhh you wrote the best heartbreaking 2park au  But thank you for that au too, I like it so much! "
" : I've seen it on facebook... What a fashionita!  Guys, just come to Vietnam, don't forget to bring a pair of shades,"
"#Seabees brave North Vietnamese Army artillery fire to keep #KheSanh runway open! Read ASPHALT &amp; BLOOD "
"And should one need a break from Vietnamese food, how about pizza - half salmon sashimi and soy garlic beef? This p "
"my vietnamese name is nga and people have called me by the n word "
"nine  in #Vietnamese "
" Just imagine my poor wife. I tend to throw Spanish, German, Italian, Vietnamese, Japanese, Chinese, "
"Traditional Vietnamese Iced Coffee in Nha Trang Beach?  Don't mind if we do!  "
" : V sao kinh t Anh c v t b ch lo l Brexit? "
"    Maybe someone can speak to him in Vietnamese so he can really understand what is happening!!"
" 1st Timothy 6:10 the love of money is the root of all evil's all you need to know with Graham, "
" I have Mexican, Vietnamese, Native Hawaiian and English blood. I need to do one of those  kits, that be interesting"
" Those looks Vietnamese  oh well, Asian food in general hehe"
"La meilleure du monde!   toute objectivit  cuisine among world most favorite - VnExpress Intern "
" : Deprived of citizenship, the Vietnamese of Cambodia live on the edge of society "
" : #Memory19thofMark#MarkSiwat # fans love you "
"halfway through this wacky dystopian movie about a drive-in converted into a prison camp for rebellious youths ther "
"Also, I may not understand them sometimes, &amp; no I don speak Vietnamese, &amp; I may not agree with working 70 hours a "
"  He sang for the #vietnamese on US forces, he tortured US captured troops with propagand "
" VIETNAMESE PLEASEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE, V-ARMY ARE WAITING FOR YOU MASTER-NIMMMMMMMMM"
"Happy Birthday to you   Vietnamese fans now are garthering at Panda Grill to celebrate your Birthday "
"Deprived of citizenship, the Vietnamese of Cambodia live on the edge of society "
" : Another Vietnamese media reports ARMY's explosive reactions to #BTSV's heart-fluttering selfie "
" : Sunday Special in Hackney , loving the Vietnamese Iced Coffee  "
" And we  that you  our Vietnamese, Marcus! Perfect for a sunny Sunday!"
"Vietnamese STAYs love you #StrayKidsComeback "
"can you say something in Vietnamese? #StrayKidsComeback "
" :     "
"  I live in a mixed neighborhood the guy across the street Hispainic can't speak a lick of "
" Vietnamese gangs were a big problem in that area when I lived in Lodi. Watch your back."
"Deprived of citizenship, the Vietnamese of Cambodia live on the edge of society  Global Voices "
" : Unique exhibit in #Singapore brings together vintage images from legendary Western and Vietnamese photographers, repor"
" : So we come to the Asian market and a Asian Jehovah's Witness walks up to me and asks if i need help with a cart. I tel"
" : Over 3300 Vietnamese orphans evacuated by air to the United States and its allied countries in Operation Babylift, 1975."
" :    Lmao shes vietnamese"
"Vietnamese Human Rights Campaigner Stuck in Scary Limbo in Thailand  "
"Lady Tri - A Legend of the Vietnamese Resistance Movement "
" : I hope you see my letter in the message book sent by Vietnamese mashmellows ^^ #HappyMashihoDay  18 baby uwu  htt"
"  No, what I meant to say that it's subjective is how it's worse than what happened in Congo, "
" Uncle Ron almost died in Vietnamese war . But him almost live again under Trump administration! An "
" day white party .... proud of vietnamese group .... we are growing .... yeah   feeling excited"
"I hope you see my letter in the message book sent by Vietnamese mashmellows ^^ #HappyMashihoDay  18 baby uw "
"Sunday Special in Hackney , loving the Vietnamese Iced Coffee  "
" :    "
"Latest article by Mark Ashwill, Capstone MD:  The shift of Vietnamese students to Canada marches on "
" : Hello Siwat  met you at BTS project of our Vietnamese fans #Memory19thofMARK  "
"is it acceptable for me to drink more than 1 glass of vietnamese coffee 2 to 3 times a day for 4 days.. is it okay"
" APA are less likely to find employment even when they graduate from college with the same degree as "
"40.) Vietnamese-American"
"BUKU by Vietnamese, picked up by the Veterans of the Vietnam War. lot of or . derived from the "
"[*Vietnamese Below*] vacation with your beloved FAMILY, together enjoy the race route! If you are looking for "
"Sunday lunch Vietnamese style. Slow cooked meat with a hearty flavourful sauce is sure to warm you to the bones "
" Vietnamese Spring Rolls! "
" I love you  know you can speak Vietnamese but I always want you like or conment  don't know speak Kore "
"Skip ordering takeout tonight and make an Asian-inspired recipe at home! Chinese-, Thai-, Vietnamese-, and Japanese "
"Excerpt: First of all, and I know most Americans feel this way, it a disgrace that McCain allowed his plane to ge "
"#AnhHosoMoi #vietnamese #imvietnam #sanchi  "
"the vietnamese rolls and coffee are so good i did a standing ovation in the restaurant "
"N b c m ng bu b nh n ti Vi, xin vui l g Victor h nay 407-721-1032.  you need "
" : Sometimes I wish I was like the Vietnamese women that work at the nail salons so I can talk about somebody while they"
" Ahh the most common Vietnamese surname.. yes..I Vietnamese but I not living in Vietnam atm. Your fana "
""
"#Seabees brave North Vietnamese Army artillery fire to keep #KheSanh runway open! Read ASPHALT &amp; BLOOD "
"America became involved in Vietnam largely because of Dulles rejection of the 1954 Geneva Conference agreement th "
" Vietnamese food I cool with that"
"Five Vietnamese workers killed in Thai road crash "
"Lunch  Kim Phi Asia Food:_- Ph b- C g- G cu wife read about this Asian supermarket with a Vietna "
" As a SCARED nine year old Vietnamese refugee crossing the great sea to reach Singapore -- had seen many s "
" Not sure what I like more about this tweet, the Vietnamese coffee or the positivity "
"My dream future but Vietnamese version "
" : Attention our Korean, Japanese, Vietnamese or Chinese publishers. We recently worked with some of the team to create local lan"
"Idk if it's this Vietnamese coffee coursing through my veins, but I wish everyone a great day and hope you're all w "
"Late night Vietnamese crab noodle soup. It brings the funk big time. Delicious. "
" Filipina | Vietnamese  "
" People crush both my Vietnamese name and American nick name, ALWAYS. It used to bother me, but I 31 a "
"Vietnamese cuisine among world most favorite "
"Does anyone on my TL know folks who gone to Thailand and Vietnam from Nigeria with a Nigerian passport? I like "
" :  YOU DID WELL OUR BOYS ~~  SO AWESOME TT TT TT TT  purple you ~ let's take a rest BANGTAN ^^"
" :  You're so cute RM  cute, you're killing me right now #RM   did well today, Let's take"
" : THX HKG  "
"   m sicula r h  v  trai v m m ch, c chi abs n "
" Vietnamese girl#"
" forward to seeing the princess again today  #vietnamese "
"communist movement and through that to the North Vietnamese. I'm dubious about one report by one FBI informant "
"To be perfectly clear, I'm not saying that some VVAW - or, more likely, other radical groups - wanted to assassinat "
"orders from the North Vietnamese.  in those days was more than paranoid about talking about those sorts o "
"orders from the North Vietnamese to assassinate U.S. Senators seems pretty unlikely to me.'s just not the sort "
" This is a website quite popular among Vietnamese teenagers. It's about the ranking of 100 idol for March 2019."
"Our 1st attempt at making Vietnamese Spring Roll.  "
" : Plastique Tiara, a Vietnamese-immigrant LEGEND who is doing the damn thing right now  "
"It's clear my father did not voluntarily go back to Vietnam, said the daughter of Vietnamese blogger Truong Duy N "
"Vietnamese New Year 2019 - a year of  that Brings Wealth &amp; Good Fortune "
"   Are you referring to the North Vietnamese that trump never got to s "
"VIETNAMESE FANS PROJECT FOR LISA 'S BDAY!#LISA #BLACKPINK #YG #KPOP #LALISA   "
" tell us to go back to Vietnam. They say we fish everything and leave nothing for them. They tell us to go hom "
"Xin Chao! I look Vietnamese enough? #PinoyinSaigon #MisterSaigon "
"  akala ko vietnamese ang mga young??? chinese pala??"
" Since I just learnt during Paris concert that the idea of founding EpikHigh itself grew from a meeting ar "
"  #BTS_SoompiMassVote   "
" : Then the Vietnamese dropped a L on us "
" : D ntn th nh  c kh  b cu hay l bi nh  h vote  c #BTS_SoompiMassvote "
" : Vietnamese restaurant that was awesomeness  Alice "
" : Security guard semua bangla/vietnamese. Pastu tak reti cakap melayu/english. manakah anak melayu?"
" : "
"#Holi2K19 celebrated in Vietnam by Indians &amp; Vietnamese. We chanted #NAMO_AGAIN  #MaiBhiChowkidar "
" Vietnamese pork Bahn Mi's!! "
"Deprived of citizenship, the Vietnamese of #Cambodia live on the edge of society "
" : 190324 ho c k m  cu t Hongkong , anh  s s nh nh   thi s #J"
"Vietnamese food for Sun night!----------------#dianthoi #foodtalk #ChickenChallenge "
"#  # #900yen # ##phoga #chicken #vietnamese #lightly :  "
"Five Vietnamese killed in Thai deadly bus accident News  "
"THANKS TO MASTER-NIM FOR PRECIOUS PHOTOS  OUT WITH FULL CREDIT  NOT EDIT OR CUT LOGO  HQs BELONG TO OWN "
"Dinner with the Chief and the South Africa/Eurasia team before they fly out tomorrow. It was nice. Chill, relaxed. "
"Fancy a change from your regular curry takeaway this weekend? you tried our okra &amp; aubergine curry at Viet Gri "
" I read many times in Vietnamese translated version. Very interesting ^^"
"My Vietnamese Friend "
"She idolized the French specifically because they were the colonizers of Vietnam. was ashamed of being Vietnam "
"BBC News Ti Vi - H N c khai ph  TQ l ch t c  Ho Sa "
"Security guard semua bangla/vietnamese. Pastu tak reti cakap melayu/english. manakah anak melayu?"
"Sunday night  #shinspears #saigon #saigonese #vietnam #vietnamese #hochiminh #australia #melbourne #aussie -  "
"Exquisite Vietnamese drama investigates a society where tradition and social expectation govern the lives of everyo "
"#Seabees brave North Vietnamese Army artillery fire to keep #KheSanh runway open! Read ASPHALT &amp; BLOOD "
" Ate tons of Vietnamese food  Move out &amp; in 5 times including Host Family, Shared house, and Apartment Got a c "
"Got a light bud? Monica Wong although Vietnamese heritage doing a good Japanese impression or was I being insensiti "
"  Nixon was helped by the Vietnamese and Reagan was helped by the Iranians. The narrative "
"V sao kinh t Anh c v t b ch lo l Brexit? "
" : #VENEZUELA Vietnam U.S. troops called the Vietnamese Slant, Dink, Zipperhead, Zips &amp; Gook. Iraq it was Alibaba"
" Are you Vietnamese player"
" : My Vietnamese friend who is a primary school teacher told me she is only earning 5 million dong (RM 875) per month so she h"
"My Vietnamese friend who is a primary school teacher told me she is only earning 5 million dong (RM 875) per month "
"Vietnamese stew.  Ingredients: hot cooked rice, and salt."
"Also, I'm SO happy to be of normal height here. The Vietnamese might be my people..."
"Vietnamese cuisine among world most favorite: By Nguyen Quy &amp;nbspMarch 24, 2019 | 06:58 "
"Vietnamese chess players off to perfect start at Sharjah Masters 2019: Two Vietnamese "
" This includes my immediate family, husband and out Kids.  German, Hungarian, Serbian, Croatian, Macedoni "
"Extra extra, the filthy, Vietnamese Beagle chewed Donald Trump! Far out!"
"In the Vietnamese war against the Chinese Han Dynasty in first century AD, leader Phung Thi Chinh had her baby on t "
" what about Vietnamese? ;v"
" Nah man just special effects , I'm actually a 14 year old Vietnamese girl in a Samoan costume"
" So proud of Vblinks proud cause i'm vietnamese"
" Don pretend you can speak Vietnamese !!!"
" Spring Rolls with Crispy Tofu "
" : More than pho: 5 dishes every Hanoi visitor -- #Trump included -- needs to try #DonaldT"
"I am Vietnamese"
"Buddhist monk Th Qu  burnt himself to death in protest against the persecution of Buddhists by the South V "
"If you fall for this threat to Democratic Federalism, you and your children and your CHILDREN'S CHILDREN will becom "
"Deprived of citizenship, the Vietnamese of Cambodia live on the edge of society  Global Voices "
"At a cheap viewing of Into The Spider-Verse. I always stay til the end, but one of the reasons is because one of my "
"Deprived of citizenship, the Vietnamese of Cambodia live on the edge of society  Global Voices "
"        "
"#Girls rowing boats at the Gao Giong bird sanctuary, Vietnam. #vietnam #gaogiong #vietnamese"
"#Memory19thofMark#MarkSiwat # fans love you "
"Promo: Vietnamese Pho Restaurant - "
"Bcnex is a cryptocurrency trading platform developed by a group of Vietnamese crypto enthusiasts. group is l "
"B H N M (C) vietnam street photography#vietnam #streetphotography #hanoimoi #baohanoimoi #hanoi "
"New #Recipe | Pulled Lamb B M recipe is inspired by the Vietnamese street food snack B m, but with a "
" Vietnamese 19:04 dumamay"
"Tweet translated to Telugu, Hindi, Polish, Serbian (Latin), Filipino, Tamil, Malagasy, Serbian (Latin), Vietnamese, "
"TransCycle: Turkish, Vietnamese, Greek, Hmong, Maltese, Frisian, Irish, Cebuano, Slovak"
" Ah yes the true American values of slaughtering Vietnamese peasants and his wife the c word"
"You know you're a Vietnamese conspiracy theorist if you remember these facts about breadmakers."
"For us Stateside Vietnamese, family and friends who have the ability to provide a little help that can make a large "
"Voice of Women for Vietnamese Children meeting / R de la Voix des femmes pour les enfants vietnamiens "
"Vietnamese restaurant that was awesomeness  Alice "
"MOVING TO BARCELONA  The Sex Diaries 09 (LUNAxJAMES) #Asian, asian, bath, bath tub sex, bi "
"Love this little noodle hut, hu tieu nam vang my favourite! #FoursquareFind  Chac's Vietnamese Restaurant "
"    "
" : Vietnamese blogger Truong Duy Nhat, who went missing last January in Bangkok, was confirmed by his family to be in Hanoi's T16 pr"
"    I'm a man  remember biology from school  don't indentif "
" : Survey closes this weekend. #Boston residents - #Mattapan, #Roxbury, #Dorchester, and other neighborhoods - make your voice"
"Now available for FREE Video Downloads: Subtitles - Swedish | Chinese Traditional | Chinese Simplified | Japanese | "
"Jadi tempat makan favorit nih hari Minggu. Vietnamese foods dengan view yg cantik gini di area belakang. Lokasi: Na "
" I see(* `*)'m interested in the Vietnamese version of Niki"
"#Seabees brave North Vietnamese Army artillery fire to keep #KheSanh runway open! Read ASPHALT &amp; BLOOD "
" Just like we did with the Vietnamese in the seventies. Plucked them from the camps and brought them here. The did ok"
" "
" :    But McCain misdeeds didn start in 2016. They started much earlier. He earned the nicknam"
"A delicious #Vietnamese dish which doesn't have to be meaty.  out our #vegan pho #recipe we picked up whilst "
"#selfie wearing the #traditional #vietnamese #hat ... bought this at the War Remnants made by the organization help "
"How's your Sunday looking? If you're not a traditionalist when it comes to Sunday lunch, head to  for "
"Mainak Dhar's books have been translated into Turkish, Vietnamese, Japanese, French, German and Portuguese, reachin "
"In #UsMovie Zora wears two rabbit themed tops, and rabbit is written in Vietnamese on the 2nd one "
"Public outrage flared when an inspirational speaker associated with the pagoda blamed a victim for being gang raped "
"Vietnamese measurements were the standard in Asia for the longest time until the Filipinos destroyed measurements w "
"Da nang kaal. Also"
"    Don't be angry with me. History shows that MANY SUFFERED d "
"Beautiful and blessed Dorje Shugden Thangka from various cultures commissioned by Tsem Rinpoche. #FreeDownload: "
"Monks ordered to stop scamming faithful with 'bad karma eviction' ceremonies "
"Manicurist &amp; Nail Technician (Female) Name: Afrina Group of Companies: Filipino, Vietnamese &amp; "
" : Video interview T-ara Hahm Eunjung about Korean - Vietnamese documentary program The Muse Story (N th x Hu), and r"
"  A Vietnamese soup is what I was told"
"Vietnamese culture introduced at Francophone Festival in France: Y Mayor Marieme "
"Vietnamese, Philippine police work on trans-national drug trafficking case: 300 kilos of "
" ^Angry rambling about Vietnamese people^ -Pauline Hanson, 1997; also FriendlyJordies, 2019?"
"I found a vietnamese fb page just abt upin and ipin shitposting and uh "
" watch ://t.co/qENYqQcxz9 porn asian korean filipina pinay manila vietnamese chinese japanese thai "
" : 9 in 10 ethnic Vietnamese in Cambodia are undocumented. The gov attributes that figure to illegal immigration. This attribu"
"   good point. but no....  na pong stand off since Noy from batanes, "
" : L Th Ki ( 1019  1105)Vietnamese general and admiral during the L Dynasty in Vietnam. He penned what is co"
" Scots, English, German, Hungarian, Czech, Lebanese, Vietnamese........hoping to expand the list in time."
" :  My Estonian uncle was a displaced person after WW2, so he came here as a DP/refugee. My Greek aunt migrated here wit"
"://t.co/ANs2rxdWo7"
"Skip ordering takeout tonight and make an Asian-inspired recipe at home! Chinese-, Thai-, Vietnamese-, and Japanese "
"Skip ordering takeout tonight and make an Asian-inspired recipe at home! Chinese-, Thai-, Vietnamese-, and Japanese "
"Then the Vietnamese dropped a L on us "
"Skip ordering takeout tonight and make an Asian-inspired recipe at home! Chinese-, Thai-, Vietnamese-, and Japanese "
" babe  do you like vietnamese food "
"Highlands vietnamese "
"  D th ch m "
" : #BTSinHongKongDay4 #BTSLoveYourselfinHK #BTS  "
"Ho thu ph BOT Cai L "
"def recommend our fave vietnamese restau in makati  it the reason why we booked a trip to vietnam lol "
" Same hehe i not currently in VietNam so meeting vietnamese people here feels like i back home ToT"
"Three of my favourite things are coffee, coconut and Vietnam. put them together in one tin cup.. Vietnamese Coc "
"Eating time!!  Vietnamese dinner made by a love-cooking-but-still-clumsy girl (`) ( o(^^o) "
" I am a Vietnamese, and with number 8"
" : on harmony day, since we get to wear cultural dress, a year 7 was wearing a Vietnamese outfit and then another year 7"
" I've been wanting to meet more Vietnamese people on twt and especially Viet carats  yes of course! "
" The only time I read fics in vietnamese are when the fics are originally in Chinese "
"#Seabees brave North Vietnamese Army artillery fire to keep #KheSanh runway open! Read ASPHALT &amp; BLOOD "
"Sometimes i asking myself who came up with vietnamese did you know that we call alligators/crocodile  x  it "
"The Vietnamese Bridge "
" It fascinating to see Vietnamese ppl on twitter. There not much vietnamese ppl on my timeline thooo~ "
" : As a girl who grew up in a small country town which welcomed Greek, Italian, Vietnamese, East Timorese and many other m"
"The shift of Vietnamese students to Canada marches on #cdnpse #intled"
" I used to be able to read some of them but tk fanfic in vietnamese?...nope"
" : The Picturesque #Vietnam - where your #Inspiration begins.  Your Password Into Loca "
" : The Turks are, by far, the largest foreign-born community in Germany (1'5M), followed at some distance by Italians (0'4M)."
" :    Me too! I just can't understand why Mitt Romney would disparage a man who betrayed"
" Foreveryoung_JN: ygofficialblink DREAMJENNIE_ jennierazzi Fandeukie4Ever jenniedebuts Vietnamese singer - Huong "
"( jesyl update chara)  Foreveryoung_JN: ygofficialblink DREAMJENNIE_ jennierazzi Fandeukie4Ever jenniedebuts Viet "
" Foreveryoung_JN: ygofficialblink DREAMJENNIE_ jennierazzi Fandeukie4Ever jenniedebuts Vietnamese singer - S Tha "
"( jesyl update chara)  Foreveryoung_JN: ygofficialblink DREAMJENNIE_ jennierazzi Fandeukie4Ever jenniedebuts Viet "
" Foreveryoung_JN: ygofficialblink DREAMJENNIE_ jennierazzi Fandeukie4Ever jenniedebuts Vietnamese singer - Huong "
" Foreveryoung_JN: ygofficialblink DREAMJENNIE_ jennierazzi Fandeukie4Ever jenniedebuts Vietnamese singer - S Tha "
"  Used to run a housing unit with lots of Vietnamese prisoners. The meals they made from che "
" :  ramen l  nh  "
"  H nay l  cu  Hongkong ?"
" : 190324 concert h nay c  t Hongkong :' Khi ch m b c BTS th ch m d nh  "
"Vietnam win Mekong  Lancang friendly futsal tournament 2019: Vietnamese embassy team "
"  octavia name yan ng Vietnamese na magandang babae  bantot don kulot?"
"half vietnamese po "
"  "
"9 in 10 ethnic Vietnamese in Cambodia are undocumented. The gov attributes that figure to illegal immigration. Thi "
"Vietnam's FastGo launching in Singapore next month - Tech in Asia://t.co/rLRAQgrCvk"
"    To quote yourself  do you or I need to know if they African or Asia "
"  Ch l e th qu  m n m qtq"
"In Inchon, Korea waiting for my flight to Hanoi. A long day but worth it as Canada Trade Link has many business mee "
" : McCain began his public service career by volunteering to drop bombs on Vietnamese people. As a Senator he supported e"
"       I love a comforting bowl of beef "
" : My parents just called me to tell me that they saw this story on a vietnamese TV channel  "
" : For fans of #origami, until June 2 a great exhibition displays the work of 30 Vietnamese artists of #origami at Centro"
"#Seabees brave North Vietnamese Army artillery fire to keep #KheSanh runway open! Read ASPHALT &amp; BLOOD "
" : Japan Advantage Partners acquires Vietnamese fashion chain Elise  "
" 1 Vietnamese girl vs 1 plural boy"
"I've seen it on facebook... What a fashionita!  Guys, just come to Vietnam, don't forget to bring a pair of "
"what lamguage would you wanna learn  actually a lot; vietnamese, korean, asl, dutch, italian "
"Pham Chi Lan, leading Vietnamese economist, briefing  Modular Executive MBAs about #Vietnam economy at "
" My Estonian uncle was a displaced person after WW2, so he came here as a DP/refugee. My Greek aunt migra "
"But much fewer than the Vietnamese killed by America. "
"  (G)I-DLE, when will you release your lightstick? Every Neverland is waiting! "
"  My son is biracial as well. Imagine the looks o get from racist  My son thankfully has n "
"Peanut has been shot by a North Vietnamese Soldier"
" : C ai nh anh em nh n h : Justbangtanvn - BTS Vietnamese Fanpage  "
"normal daughter green shirt said  which means rabbit in Vietnamese #UsMovie"
"But as a Whitfords kid I had nothing but fond memories of him. Playing soccer with us on the oval at lunch and maki "
"donate me followers please i am a disabled child serving in the revolutionary army of kampuchea fending off the inv "
"h h noun meaning drought in Vietnamese #Vietnamese #drought"
"how does someone go from ulting Yoongi to saying with their whole chest that lyrics and songwriting don't matter,,, "
"Gisterenavond nog keukengerief besteld op  die ik deze middag nodig heb om Vietnamese pannenkoeken te m "
"For fans of #origami, until June 2 a great exhibition displays the work of 30 Vietnamese artists of #origami at Cen "
" : Leomach'h Mach my sirname is actually a misspell that became cannon of the 3-part Vietnamese full"
"Homegirl wore a shirt with a rabbit on it &amp; a hoodie with the Vietnamese word for rabbit, th  #UsMovie"
"  John McCain stood up to his Vietnamese captors because he loved his country. His best f "
" : Taken from the archives; home burning in a fire set by South Vietnamese troops,  Vietnamese woman carries a baby a"
"BBC News Ti Vi - Singapore 200 n: ba gi tr  h qu gia hi  "
"My Vietnamese skills were useful in Us "
" : Olive (only in Vietnam, and frequently by people who go on and on how poorly I speak Vietnamese) (same as above) (f"
"   17            ( 34:25):: "
"17 -            ( 34:25):: "
"#Seabees brave North Vietnamese Army artillery fire to keep #KheSanh runway open! Read ASPHALT &amp; BLOOD "
"Iterations to convincing |Simple Pho Ga (Vietnamese Chicken Rice Noodle Soup) "
"The Picturesque #Vietnam - where your #Inspiration begins.  Your Password Into Locals "
"Muong language is like a alien version of Vietnamese language as they closest to each other"
""
"Olive (only in Vietnam, and frequently by people who go on and on how poorly I speak Vietnamese) (same as above "
"Unique exhibit in #Singapore brings together vintage images from legendary Western and Vietnamese photographers, re "
"Unique exhibit in #Singapore brings together vintage images from legendary Western and Vietnamese photographers, re "
" lookin for a Vietnamese maid to make me sinh to bo everyday. Wanna apply?"
" : Monks ordered to stop scamming faithful with 'bad karma eviction' ceremonies "
" President Trump can get his thank you note from the Vietnamese government. I am sure they have an availabl "
"VIETNAMESE TRANS #Golden_Child # # #DONGHYUN [#Y] M  ngh em  s cu cho m  c  m  n "
"I'm quite a decent cook. I seldom follow recipes; 90% off my stuff is from scratch. I've done Thai &amp; Vietnamese cou "
" VIETNAMESE TRANS[#Y] M  ngh em  s cu cho m  c  m  n g nh mi cu "
"VIETNAMESE TRANS #Golden_Child # #[#Donghyun] Goldenness  d m b tr ngon mi ch ?? M g x "
" VIETNAMESE TRANS[#Donghyun] Goldenness  d m b tr ngon mi ch ?? M g x cay m an "
" VIETNAMESE TRANS [#Golden_Child] #Donghyun d th   r nh.  l Donghyunie swag  !! "
"VIETNAMESE TRANS#Golden_Child] #Donghyun Donghyun d th   r nh.  l Donghyunie swag  !!  "
"PSA: Anthony Tran is Vietnamese and makes shitty mushy rice"
" :  for following me  I pray you will follow Christ!  am a Vietnam Veteran and I love Vietnamese people"
"Leomach'h Mach my sirname is actually a misspell that became cannon of the 3-part Vietname "
" : C y c  tra h ch  thi h hai  Kim  Tri Ti "
" for following me  I pray you will follow Christ!  am a Vietnam Veteran and I love Viet "
" War das in Tschechien auch ein Vietnamese?"
"Yet another addition to the Irish Vietnamese community. Little Elsa #NewBornBaby "
"You can also poach an excessive amount of sodium comes in your ramen noodles is Vietnamese noodle products.[2]"
"on harmony day, since we get to wear cultural dress, a year 7 was wearing a Vietnamese outfit and then another year "
" My Mum's Welsh and my Dad (like many South Australians) is primarily of English ancestry with a German a "
"BBC News Ti Vi -  theo c ri  c  ru kh m "
"Machine. Was this the reason for all the special treatment by the Vietnamese while the other POWs were continued to "
" Cambodia is Buddhist I traveled &amp; taught English every Khmer I met had family murdered by Khmer "
"Two idiot Geordie blokes can't understand the concept of Vietnamese currency being totally different to theirs... "
" Starters.. avocado &amp; sunblush tomato &amp; black olive tapenade bruschetta, refried bean tacos with cheese "
" Then it must be as good as next door then as it all in Vietnamese "
"Vietnamese Theatre: A Traditional Water Puppet Show in Hanoi "
"  Tim forgets Whitlam and his racism towards the South Vietnamese. Whitlam espoused Howard  will determine who..."
" :  All i know Mr A is one of the tycoons in Singapore tho who helped him wit a private jet when he got stuck in indonesia"
" All i know Mr A is one of the tycoons in Singapore tho who helped him wit a private jet when he got stuck "
"Vietnamese K-pop fans are killing it with their song dance covers."
"My bf dad said that my Vietnamese is better than professional translators/interpreters. :) &lt;3"
" Im vietnamese hth  already know about this"
"#Seabees brave North Vietnamese Army artillery fire to keep #KheSanh runway open! Read ASPHALT &amp; BLOOD "
"Vietnamese kids randomly playing the Eritrean anthem ...  "
" : Ch trai th 3... hihi #snapseed #like4like #follow4follow #followme #window #silverhair #march #jeanjacket #marchboy"
" :  Have you seen Hoang Nguyen NGO? warrant has been issued for allegedly importing a commercial quantity of a border"
" Please do in Vietnam too TT Vietnamese ARMY are waiting for you"
"Vietnamese white coffee and tiramisu  Sapa "
"When an old Vietnamese woman has more #ETH than you  #TheOA #ethereum  "
"  You became one of us, just like the Italians, Greeks, Vietnamese etc, who enriched ou "
" : Current leaderboard for East Asia. Top 4 consist of KR teams   WGS &amp; . vietnamese team Tr"
"   How many Vietnamese died, bud?"
"Meet Sexy Guys "
"It the Vietnamese Sub Sandwich  the Vietnamese Sub Sandwich the Vietnamese Sub Sandwich #SD "
"Deprived of citizenship, the Vietnamese of Cambodia live on the edge of society "
" Hi, could you please give me the permission to re-up your fanart on facebook fanpage in order to share i "
"Another project for Lisa's B-Day by Vietnamese Blinks in Ho Chi Minh City          "
"Since ww2 soho trochadero has been the meat market, from italians to maltese arabs romanians, russians all the vari "
"wait Chungha have a vietnamese friend so she would like to visit Vietnam one day COME THIS SUMMER PLS LMAO"
"T b d m  ng tr chuy l  #vietnamese #vietnamesefood #food #bundocmung #fresh #noodles "
"That feeling when you are Vietnamese and you watch The OA and understand the English more than Vietnamese part..."
"If y have seen the movie , the word  on the daughter green shirt means rabbit in Vietnamese"
"So I am sending this message to ask for your permission to translate the story to Vietnamese so many more V-once ca "
" Noon/her 1d love all colors but maybe yellow"
" Im Vietnamese but I know more about your country lmao"
"  Networks do not have agency! Also I'd like to hear you say this to all the prolife Catholi "
"Vietnamese PIZZA  are Vegetables  "
" Vietnamese traffic law doesn say anything about  road. Legaly there is nothing wrong with this video."
""
"I keep seeing all these Filipino tweets and I have no idea what they all mean IM VIETNAMESE BRO"
"He also cooperatedwith the North Vietnamese when a POW, and KNOWINGLY IGNORED OTHER POW's STILL ALIVE WHOM HE COU "
"   Same difference, Vietnamese pheasant and Edward's are the same."
" : Who said  plug is Vietnamese because the mf plug is Vietnamese "
"Lunchtime pick is Petite Verdot - fruity and freight train of sandpaper and gravel Cinnamon amaranth front palate. "
"  It a Vietnamese noodle soup  and it delicious."
"  cultural depth ? TUH. we have blacks, mexicans, koreans, japanese, filipinos, samoans, tongan "
"Are there Asian Markets that supply Vietnamese Passionfruit juice concentrate? Coworker got this stuff from his tim "
" I mean if you Vietnamese, you will definitely think of this  "
"   Baka Vietnamese hahaha"
" TBH, kung wala tayong kasamang Vietnamese mas mafall ata yung problem with CHINA and PH kesa sa ASEAN "
"#Vietnamese #Vietnam #hanoi#sarahbui#buihuong#homebreaker "
" : Vietnamese coffee &gt;"
"Discuss with Indian, Japanese, and Vietnamese experts and determine the service content and strategy that will begi "
" this whole thread reminded me of the time i was in primary school and this kid thought i was twins w my b "
"I lift my glass &amp; salute many Asians who've been instrumental in this countries history.  These Korean, Vietnamese "
"I use Cornmeal of Man, which of course, makes me look so farty and Vietnamese."
"Vietnamese cuisine is the best "
"nobody asked but I'm gonna teach yall how to pronounce Vietnamese famous dishes"
"Deprived of citizenship, the Vietnamese of Cambodia live on the edge of society "
" : #OTD in #NationalGuard history: 17 members of 116th Engineer Btn. (ID) defend compound from Vietnamese attack, 1969 "
"He killed children and called the Vietnamese people by a racist slur up until the day he died.  Harris thin "
"Check it out my new video Virgin Soul - AndyHouse | Vietnamese Horror Story#AndyHouse #VietnameseScaryStories "
"As in Bananas, apples and oranges or as in Vietnamese, French, Thai etc? "
"Larry Burrows-Time &amp; Life Pictures/Getty Images In Airborne strike last week Vietnamese scramble for American H-21 "
"Nail salon owners beef with each other sometimes  and we mostly Vietnamese so... there that "
"  Reading this post made me realize I know more about other Asian cultures and classical his "
"And it was very hard for me to learn French Hebrew Egyptian Vietnamese Thai Chinese and Haitian I studied at a very "
" : Trai Vi v l ngon vl  trai Vi #gay #show #masturbate #dick #cock #big #handsome #livestream #blued #vietn"
"I gone to that place several times over the years.  They have a location in Lewisville too . Their Sushi "
"#Seabees brave North Vietnamese Army artillery fire to keep #KheSanh runway open! Read ASPHALT &amp; BLOOD "
"  China harassing PH fisherman?  about Vietnamese, Taiwanese?  is international "
"My kids love boba so much, that it always a treat to bring and show them a new place! in Chino Hills "
" Mass shootings with these weapons are cool with you as long as they happen outside the US. Its not lik "
"Yoooo the Vietnamese word for rabbit was on the girl shirt in US "
"Vietnamese Cat Runs For Father of the Year Award With This Lesson On Parenthood And Everyone Loves Him "
" Yeah well I had someone request to translate my stories on FF into Vietnamese, but since I like Cat (Fre "
"Original photo &amp; negative South Vietnamese Special Forces Soldiers in boat, seller link in bio #vietnamwar "
" He secretly colluded with the South Vietnamese, to not come to peace talks in the North, which caused another "
""
"Check out Original photo &amp; negative South Vietnamese Special Forces Soldiers in boat  "
"OkraySerye: Sila Ate Pinag uusapan nila ako. Baka Daw Vietnamese or Taiwanese. Nasa Likod ko lang kasi sila. Hahaha "
"  You mean like the catholics took over? Then the Chinese? Then the Greeks, the Italian "
"  highlights too what a physical specimen our President is. I cant imagine he has time to work "
"   highlights too what a physical specimen our President is. I cant imagine he has "
" :   Us (our family) wanted to take in Vietnamese refugees., no, Aboriginal ppl are"
" ohh? (x3) yALL VIETNAMESE?"
"Couldn find Eng sub for #nangbarb lakorn BUT i found it Viet dubbed!  Now to brush up on my Vietnamese..."
"Mmm Coffee...But I might have to ask for extra strong after drinking Vietnamese coffee for so long :)  at Hudsons "
"   When it comes to food, let me tell you about the Vietnamese and Filipino w "
" : 1st panel of Vietnamese diasporic writers  with Mimi Kh, , Amy Quan Barry, Abbigail Rosewood."
"If he actually had gone to Vietnam he would have freely led the Vietnamese to our troops to ambush! The flippin cow "
"  Us (our family) wanted to take in Vietnamese refugees., no, Aboriginal ppl a "
"Wait..  is  in Vietnamese... did they do this on purpose??  #usthemovie "
"  I was at school in the 90s in an area that had a high amount of Vietnamese refugees. I "
" "
"Vietnamese cuisine://t.co/dRiZjntNCv"
" : One day Vietnamese will be able to create such hashtag #. Democratic movements are there. They just need"
"Reparations that's a good one. How about the Vietnamese that war was wrong. Don't just include Blacks. How about th "
" Australia has always been inherently racist. You had a brief episode of having a great leader who work "
"Big Read: US tech giants face stricter censorship under new Vietnamese cyber security law  "
"Five Vietnamese killed in Thai deadly bus accident: At the accident scene (Source "
"Long time no tweet. LOL :)) is my country.#saigon#Vietnam #vietnamese#photography #Sony#sonyxperia #sky#blues "
"sdojfbuewbfjbef i wish american/vietnamese games were as fun to play as these korean word games"
"There were people who had belonged to both. No doubt of that But everything at that time was connected. And Kerry w "
" A friend of mine who is a native speaker clarified to me - it a mixed of the B (Northern) Vietnames "
"if a kid comes into my life, I feeding them lots of vietnamese food"
"Deprived of citizenship, the Vietnamese of Cambodia live on the edge of society "
"Family is a big deal in Vietnamese culture. So my mom has trouble understanding that sometimes you can't just deal "
"SEE and food available for hikers. Most of the women selling in the market only speak Vietnamese."
"  LBJ escalated illegal invasion of Vietnam that was his war on poverty draft poor white, bla "
"I love pho and Vietnamese food in general but I'm also ready to just get to Korea so I can eat some dakgalbi "
"Nothing beats a Vietnamese Sandwich while enjoying the great Spring #Toronto weather! Don forget to follow "
"MAKE SOME HA-NOISE, for  delicious modern Vietnamese food and cheeky BOTTOMLESS BOOZE Sunday!   M "
"i told my dad about the time i left a house party to go get vietnamese food and came back to the party an hour late "
"omg i love vietnamese people I WILL BE BACCKK"
" thank you... idk if you understand vietnamese but m ko bi m c n ti t th hay kh"
"THE OVERVIEW OF VIETNAMESE HANDICRAFT "
"  Bon (4 in Vietnamese) #shotsnogoals #needAlanStanley"
" : Vietnamese blogger Truong Duy Nhat, who disappeared in Thailand, imprisoned in #Vietnam:://t.co/07I4KbRDCv"
"One day Vietnamese will be able to create such hashtag #. Democratic movements are there. They jus "
"-makes jamie sit down with me- weekend is all about us  think his parents are vietnamese"
"Hala. Ang cute niya nga magsalita ng vietnamese hayup!!"
"dumb bitch energy (me i the dumb bitch) is thinking in vietnamese first and then translating it into english and "
" : This ancient town on the Vietnamese coast has charm, history and beauty to spare. It is also budget-friendly, and for foodies,"
"C ai nh anh em nh n h : Justbangtanvn - BTS Vietnamese Fanpage  "
"Vietnamese Foodies offers one of the best budget meals anywhere in town "
"I was watching Diners, Drive In and Dives and he in the kitchen of a Vietnamese Rest., and they blurred somethi "
"Vietnamese coffee &gt;"
"Vietnamese Cat Runs For Father of the Year Award With This Lesson On Parenthood And Everyone Loves Him "
" : #Banhmi feels from Lan Hue in Seattle International District on Jackson. You get 6 for $20 and fresh bread baked in h"
" This Swedish girl named Maria and this Vietnamese girl named Thuy."
"The Best Vietnamese Sandwich Place in NY Check it "
"All my vietnamese friends booing as i add more vinegar, sugar, and lime to their already perfectly delicious pho."
"50 tri c tri Th Lan b phi l  sau  ch "
"Vietnamese don fuck around"
"   Republicans tried the same thing with John Kerry, even traveling to Vietnam to fi "
"We in 2019 &amp; I still out here listening to my favorite song by v-pop group 365daband my love...oh my l "
" : Proud to announce the first-ever Vietnamese Player Tee in  history. Everyone belongs at . Join us Sunday to celebrat"
" : #Vietnam protests to #China over #SouthChinaSea boat sinking - Vietnam lodged an official protest with China following"
"I'm the vietnamese guy in a white crowd #orangecounty"
"tonight started with Vietnamese food and ended with someone puking into a hat in my back seat"
" : Boiga cyanea, 2017 - by T Ph , Vietnamese "
"    is not worth the time of day! He can burn in hell for all I care. I ha "
"Hell yeah! I love being called killua! It close to my Japanese and Vietnamese name. "
"#Seabees brave North Vietnamese Army artillery fire to keep #KheSanh runway open! Read ASPHALT &amp; BLOOD "
"  YEP! My college friend (a Vietnamese refugee) came home &amp; caught her dad trying to steal he "
"  5ting"
" :  L TWEET N  khi th tweet xin h t app v vote ngay , CH C 3 NG  KHO C  M.N "
" :  "
"   Then we went for a drive and got gas and Vietnamese coffee. were talking in f "
"LOL: Monks ordered to stop scamming faithful with 'bad karma eviction' ceremonies "
"#VENEZUELA Vietnam U.S. troops called the Vietnamese Slant, Dink, Zipperhead, Zips &amp; Gook. Iraq it was Alib "
"   used in this same broadcast. Each man makes similar statements about their treatm "
"   North Vietnamese radio during the war, both of which use a recording of McCain's "
"     How do I try Vietnamese coffee?  I want to try it "
"Who said  plug is Vietnamese because the mf plug is Vietnamese "
"uber driver: *says place i am going* what is this: a tea shop driver: is it chinese?: no vietnamese  "
"do i have vietnamese moots what is the yogurt called when its in drink form???"
" Would you mind if i reposted your fa about supv? I will trans it into vietnamese and english. I really l "
"21.) English, and barely Vietnamese"
" You prefer that over Vietnamese ice coffee. I wrote Starbucks to put it on the menu..."
"why did a stetchy vietnamese porn account follow me omg. t sao!!"
"Deals with France, Italy, buying up the Nile, funding the Nile Damn, buying quantities of agricultural land in Aust "
" Gee! Wow! There's a big deal for ya. Always trying to improve? It'll talk a whole lot more than that to ove "
"Th ra l v :))#quatang #quatangtraitim #vietnam #Vietnamese "
"1000% this is what  meant when they said  to god my plug was Vietnamese  "
" Deals with France, Italy, buying up the Nile, funding the Nile Damn, buying large quantities of agri "
"New #recipe! famous Vietnamese braised pork dish - thit kho nuoc dua. So delicious!://t.co/D3Cfv3DRNf "
" : ARMYPEDIA : BTS 'BTS TALK SHOW'("
" :  ?        ?    "
" : M gmail m c b t vote Soompi   l  k v ibighit v BANGTANTV nh  s  9M like r "
" : TH HI NHI V N  ph n l c th vote Soomi r, c stream n  :"
"Vietnamese  "
"+casa quiapo was the model for up og fine arts building. here, vietnamese n aeta art is displayed there"
"Monks ordered to stop scamming faithful with 'bad karma eviction' ceremonies "
"   about 6 million Vietnamese, Cambodians and Laotians would say otherwise"
" vietnamese coffee and banh mi is french colonialism what is local??"
"   Humphry Slocombe in the ferry building. My favorite flavor is Vietnamese coffee."
"Bcnex - This ultimate Blockchain Trading Platform is a cryptocurrency trading platform developed by a group of Viet "
"Interesting that two weeks after reports of China sinking a Vietnamese fishing boat in the Paracels (again) that it "
"My first dish of Vietnamese food in Michigan and it was great. Here I had a dish of fried rice with beef tenderloin "
"         "
"Vietnamese hotpot and complementary colors "
".: another anchoibep pop-up locked in :. I had a mushroom and tofu B X which is like a vietnamese savory panca "
"To restore and renew hope to Vietnamese individuals and families suffering from drug addictions and other destructi "
"Vietnamese Cat Runs For Father of the Year Award With This Lesson On Parenthood And Everyone Loves Him "
" i love indian and thai but vietnamese and korean are not my thing. and nothing compares to shish t "
"  Not that absurd when you see Sturgeon endorsing and retweeting posts from the worst "
"Filled with exhilaration at being in a room with not one, but a dozen Vietnamese authors and artists. In one room! "
" : Vietnam FM:  Chinese vessel committed an act that violated Vietnam's sovereignty over the Hoang Sa [Paracels] archipelago"
"Vietnamese people are damn loud"
"Nh v   xem: "
" theres a massive vietnamese population here so its good shit here"
"I been watching these asmr videos of these Vietnamese spas where they clean out peoples ears and now I just want so "
"  ...I found these explanations on this other article about what the costumes in the movie "
" we have sm vietnamese places"
"It funny to mention that only the Vietnamese audience will understand what it says on the girl shirt! #UsMovie"
" :  Or he discovered his  conscience and voluntarily snuck back across the border to turn himself in for "
" Or he discovered his  conscience and voluntarily snuck back across the border to turn himself in "
" i rely on kroger and the many vietnamese restaurants to fulfill my cravings"
"  During the Korean and Vietnamese wars, locals were dying of starvation. They were again for "
" : Have you ever heard of a sunchoke? Khong Ten serves this unique dish at their New Vietnamese restaurant. You won't f"
"Andre Horta gets his first start for 2019. Lee Nguyen will have to wait till next week. But he is at the unveiling "
"8. nationality - american - vietnamese . uhmmm dancing and cooking??? (i can cook very well tho LMAO)"
"   I love the nightmarket there though the one in san jose when its lun "
"   Defend our freedom? What, the Vietnamese were attacking the US, were they?"
"Most of the time people think I'm Vietnamese and tonight I was told that I look like Ms. Vietnam  can't see it but okay haha"
"New impetus for Vietnam Argentina cooperation: (VEN) - Vietnamese Ambassador to Argentina "
" 13, Vietnamese, female"
"   cuz every vietnamese curse word above and below would be uttered"
"Vietnamese monks ordered to stop scamming faithful with 'bad karma eviction' ceremonies - ABC News (Australian Broa "
" are there any Vietnamese fans to order together?"
"[NEWS] Seungri, Burning Sun Incident first press interview in 120 days Translation - CTYSRV &amp; NIME "
"Our last and very delicious stop in Houston!  Little V Vietnamese Bistro "
"kevin moon fucking vietnamese ass bitch.. we know you are viet"
"#Seabees brave North Vietnamese Army artillery fire to keep #KheSanh runway open! Read ASPHALT &amp; BLOOD "
" :  Oh gawd Senator you're so swell! Who writes this anodyne dreck for you? visiting Little Saigon whil"
"not to sound privileged or anything but I rarely been to the laundromat since I was really little and this Vietn "
" : YOU MUST BE JOKING. Try this, for starters: the migrants and #kidsincages them with their parents #F"
" Oh gawd Senator you're so swell! Who writes this anodyne dreck for you? visiting Little Saigon "
" Pho is an amazing Vietnamese soup with beef or chicken , basil,  bean sprouts, lemon or lime, jalape "
"     Yes I'm a mature Anglo Saxon &amp; remember the 60s &amp; 70s influx "
"Vietnamese blogger Truong Duy Nhat, who disappeared in Thailand, imprisoned in "
" hahahaha vietnamese flashback"
"The second day welcome  cooking class with Mary 's family  for so so specaily and tradistional vietnamese dishes fo "
"Throwback the great time  with joyfulkitchen , cstrauss06 and lyndsaycharron entunely  with local market and vietna "
"My middle name, I'm not even exaggerating, is spelt Dang and pronounced like or similar to young, it's vietname "
"LAFC &amp; LEE NGUYEN TO LAUNCH VIETNAMESE PLAYER TEE IN GARDEN "
"   There was a2allegory for nazis, yes but doesn't negate the fact that "
"TH M C L NG DTh th anh ngh ta n d l khi l em  chia hai, anh  bi anh kh "
"This is why the world is at war reaping activists hand steals by might from the right jew "
" : "
" : There no place like Little Saigon, Orange County://t.co/bWtU0JwLxp"
"Celebrating Multicultural Harmony Day with our  Vietnamese Seniors Cultural Association. "
"(spoiler?) The use of Vietnamese in #UsMovie had me shook. It was so rich in detail and symbolism, can wait to see it again and again."
""
"Today's Lunch! #LocalEats Lemongrass Chicken from Mint Modern Vietnamese Bistro .#HealthyEats #NolaEats "
"Same person imitated a Vietnamese person with a Chinese  so kflsmfknfnkf big Hmm"
"Y I found out I Japanese my mom has been a quarter Japanese, Korean my grandpa side and Vietnamese my grandma "
"It really brings happy tears to my eyes that my Vietnamese and Irish niece wants her Vietnamese Irish Mexican Tsala "
"you may have more money than me. you may have more uh. actually all y'all really could have on me is having more mo "
"   Odd star wars was always political, with the Rebels vs the empire be "
"I am sitting in Vietnamese......."
" :  listening is the kind of listening that can help relieve the suffering of another person...You listen with only"
"Big Read: US tech giants face stricter censorship under new Vietnamese cyber security law "
" Vietnamese Pork Roll?"
" slaughter by Chinese navy "
"Deprived of citizenship, the Vietnamese of Cambodia live on the edge of society "
"There no place like Little Saigon, Orange County://t.co/bWtU0JwLxp"
"bruh my dad and i were so cute today, we mfkin shared iced vietnamese coffee and we took turns taking sips, i cry?"
"i having dreams of me at work messing everything up and all the nail techs getting mad at me and yelling at me in "
"Vietnamese police team climbing wall using a long bamboo pole "
" : In celebration of MINA's 22nd Birthday on 03/24, on behalf of Vietnamese  fans, MYMINAvn has set up a Bus Station Billboa"
"Warren and I are having dinner together... Vietnamese tonight.  "
" ....and it was awesome!  You do 16 year old Vietnamese prostitute remarkably well...."
" It's interesting, but when Chinese, Japanese, and even Vietnamese got reparations from the US Government, n "
"Spent an amazing evening listening to 9 talented Vietnamese-American writers speak. Representation matters!  "
"Vietnamese Green Mango Salad Recipe  "
"  Tell your mom I said nh r ngon m. And she is right Monica, we should all hang "
"   He hates bcoz her wife a Vietnamese is in conflict with China too... "
" : Sudden compulsive ranking of world cuisines: . South Indian. Ethiopian. Japanese. Korean. Italian. Oaxacan"
"so I not had sweets/sugar in a long time, but I said I treat myself and get a grande sweet cream Nitro cold br "
" Tahitian: 'Ia ora na French: Bonjour Vietnamese: ch"
" !!!!! CONGRATULATIONS LORE!! are you guys engaged right now then? or just gonna go straight to marriag "
"Vietnamese blogger Truong Duy Nhat, who went missing last January in Bangkok, was confirmed by his family to be in "
"Kerja Kosong di Country Garden Pacificview Sdn Bhd.. (Senior) International Channel Specialist. (Senior) Marke "
" "
"Specialty Robusta Coffee from Vietnam, slow drip onto sweet condense milk.  Because of limitations on the availabil "
"#pagoda #buddha #vietnam #vietnamese #vungtau #phuochai "
"Tr m m, gi  u#pagoda #buddha #vietnam #vietnamese #vungtau #phuochai "
"Thought I was too tired to be hungry so I stopped st the Vietnamese joint to double check and boy was I wrong"
" city's signs were in English, Spanish, and Vietnamese, but we were called the most racist area in America, "
" "
"florist's account who beautiful flower stands for crescendo, coalition, HK fanclub, NZ fan gro "
" Any chance of getting compensation for a church that went to US law enforcement? The RBA Bribes Case "
"After Vietnam protests to China over the sinking of one of its SCS fishing boats, China says:  hope the Vietname "
" : Watching a documentary about Americans who have the boohoos about how rough the Vietnamese made their tours of Vietnam"
"Also rabbits play such an important role in the movie. Notice Zara always has a rabbit on her shirt. Th means rabb "
" One of my all time favorite life experiences was talking a bartender in Hanoi through making me a gin gi "
", my attempt at Ike Vietnamese wings. I didn reduce the sauce enough but still pretty good. Would tote "
"US rational on #VietnamWar:% to avoid humiliation % to contain China% to help the Vietnamese has c "
" I can describe Che in English either..like..Vietnamese dessert..is literally the only thing I can translate it as..."
" Why does NVC keep transposing the First and Middle names in Vietnamese IR-2 cases? It causes the PRC to be issued incorrectly."
" : he tried to describe apple pie as the vietnamese snack that he liked.... when he realized he's wrong he slowly retreated ba"
"Still waiting for a Vietnamese family to adopt me so I can eat this deliciousness ALL. THE. TIME  down, it "
"Went to get my eyebrows done and the lady asked where I was from and she was like oh you look Vietnamese....umm okay"
"   The Vietnamese considered it war, calling it the American War. Just saying."
"#pho #bahnmi #vietnamese #food #hungrygirl #carter #jenescarter #jenes #fuckinggood  Pho King Good "
"#pagoda #buddha #vietnam #vietnamese #vungtau #phuochai "
"Thi n Vi k c t Trung Qu Tr, RFA-03-13://t.co/8eFtC11pgq://t.co/lro6oskn5T "
"#Seabees brave North Vietnamese Army artillery fire to keep #KheSanh runway open! Read ASPHALT &amp; BLOOD "
"#pagoda #buddha #vietnam #vietnamese #vungtau #phuochai "
" Not exactly. It's called rau c in Vietnamese. It kinda like jello, but it's a bit different."
"Mueller is a -long Republican Marine enlistee who served with distinction in Vietnam Bronze Star, Pu "
"T gi  th  n c th h? Khang, RFA-03-22://t.co/FmpBFZBRiG "
"Tr m m, gi  u#pagoda #buddha #vietnam #vietnamese #vungtau #phuochai "
"Pho Instructional #pho #bahnmi #vietnamese #food #hungrygirl #carter #jenescarter #jenes #fuckinggood  Pho King Go "
"On hot days like this, some noodle bowls or fresh rice paper rolls would be perfect!  Kitchen has an great v "
"Tr em nhi s l  B Ninh: An to th ph cho h sinh  quan t  m? , RFA-03-22 "
"    Nope, it Somali-Canadian, Vietnamese-Canadian, Iraqi-Canadian..."
" is the 1st &amp; only Afro-Vietnamese have seen ( In person or not) + She's a photographer &amp; crochet queen.. Phenomenon."
" vietnamese"
" Im Vietnamese too sis"
"Have these in the shop? "
"Bi  d c th n th   ta v.. v ! Ph Vi-03-23* B vi kh th hi qua "
"Bi  d c th n th   ta v.. v ! Ph Vi-03-23* B vi kh th hi qua "
"Hoa K cam k gi Vi Nam n cao n l ph v bi-03-23://t.co/cFw2dFTJcN "
"After spending 10 minutes trying to figure out my safest bets on this Vietnamese menu, they won answer the phone "
"N 2019 Vi Nam s c 10  12 c b v  th nhi -03-23://t.co/0HCdAkQ9YY "
"aaaaa I love vietnamese desserts. che ba mau is so good. "
"Did you know there are more than 3,000 #startups in #Vietnam? These startups are innovating new technologies and di "
"Yessss love my Vietnamese people  Mai's Restaurant "
" my grandparent I was closest to inspired me to re-learn vietnamese. she passed away before I made m "
" my real name is the most stereotypical vietnamese name ever i mean my last name is phan-nguyen yet people still ask if i'm asian-"
"I got a vietnamese iced coffee today and it's delicious. i usually get these less sweet, since they can be too much "
"  They like Vietnamese cuisine. A lot. "
"  That disrespected so many of my ancestors as a Vietnamese European &amp; Polynesian Ind "
"surprising no one, Vietnamese for Fair Immigration is a FAIR front group created by a white guy "
" : PACKED HOUSE at the #cupoflife kickoff!!  LEE SANDWICHES #SanJose #Vietnamese Cultural Center media event for Cup of"
"Banh mi bo kho (Vietnamese beef stew with no noodles served with a crusty fresh french roll) has to be my choice ov "
"Yelpers are raving about our Vietnamese spice spam paneer with eel preserves!"
" : Big Cities: Pride parades (gay), big concerts from pop bands (gay), 50 Vietnamese restaurants (not necessary), flash mobs ("
"my aunt invited me over to her house for homemade banh xeo and she made over FIFTY (50!!) this is the vietnamese lo "
"    No  #GetoffmyBLK !! #HYON The Vietnamese &amp; Persians are not our i "
"Nh Tr mu b m bay chi  cho  Loan b ch Trung Qu "
"Vietnamese Shrimp in Coconut Caramel Sauce  "
"Vietnamese Dumplings  and Sausages #TakeABreak #VietnamTrip #VietnamTrip2019 #vacation #travel "
"Vietnamese Hor Fun  #TakeABreak #VietnamTrip #VietnamTrip2019 #vacation #travel #alberttraveldiary "
"Medikey Vietnamese language ver UPLOAD.://t.co/jaNbysRNxa "
"       "
"  OK this is just from wiki, but the hamlets were intended to cover the entire south V "
" : watching the ugly delicious episode about houston and getting so emotional!!!! vietnamese people made this city so del"
"Told my cousin about my sleep paralysis demon and she says her and her sister have similar encounters... Is my fami "
"#Governing #nq   VIETNAMESE NOODLES USA|The conclusion of a two-part documentary series examining the lives of Vi "
"#Governing #nq   VIETNAMESE NOODLES USA|The conclusion of a two-part documentary series examining the lives of Vi "
"#Governing #nq   VIETNAMESE NOODLES USA|The conclusion of a two-part documentary series examining the lives of Vi "
"#Governing #nq   VIETNAMESE NOODLES USA|The conclusion of a two-part documentary series examining the lives of Vi "
"  When John McCain, years later, met with the Vietnamese who rescued him from the water afte "
"Deprived of citizenship, the Vietnamese of Cambodia live on the edge of society  "
" : The Lai Dai Han demand an apology from South Korea and they must atone for their war crimes against Vietnamese women. #JL"
"The good Lord has opened in Newtown and this joint caters for eating in. Hooray!  Here to the first of many vis "
"pdv j ai marre des films/s sur netflix qui mettent des gens asiatiques qui ne parlent AUCUNEMENT la langue "
"VIETNAMESE SUMMER ROLLS INGREDIENTS you never had the opportunity to try these delicious Vietnamese Summ... "
"People are lining up around the block for Vietnamese cardamom red wine soy bean chow mein! #FoodBaby"
" : Deprived of citizenship, the Vietnamese of Cambodia live on the edge of society Via  #cambodia "
"Vietnamese -aligned hackers are targeting firms, FireEye says "
"A Vietnamese Coffee and a Tropical Itch. #tiki #tikidrinksofinstagram #tikidrinks #rum stowawaytiki  Stowaway Tiki "
"  John McCain was a Traitor! When he was captured by the #Vietnamese in 1970, he received sp "
"Florida #Grapefruit and Jicama #Vietnamese Salad #recipe #salad "
"dinner served...vietnamese spring rolls and pork tsoa mi fun.. least that is what recipe called them "
"Baked buffalo wings using  base wing recipe from Vietnamese Food Every Day. Never frying a chicken wing "
"American Kids Try Vietnamese Food | Kids Try | HiHo Kids "
"Because Vietnamese food is life   eating dinner at Les Givral's Sandwich &amp; Cafe "
"watching the ugly delicious episode about houston and getting so emotional!!!! vietnamese people made this city so delicious and great"
"I picked up an extra pair of chopsticks at the Vietnamese restaurant just so I can use them at the movies to eat po "
"I would have thought Filipinos would be number 3 after China and South Korea, but looks like the Vietnamese have ta "
"Vietnamese food  "
" Vietnamese mom that occasionally cuts my hair: My daughter dating a Filipino boy. He very good, way be "
"I'm at a Vietnamese restaurant waiting for my date and she has been circling the parking lot and the other diners a "
" vietnamese "
"   Or Vietnamese"
" Hi, I'm one of the admin of The8 Vietnamese fanpage, I saw your art and I'm more than in love with it  "
" Have you seen Hoang Nguyen NGO? warrant has been issued for allegedly importing a commercial quantity of a bor "
"Life with my Vietnamese Family "
