" : Artists like  who, whether a radio station plays them or not, they'll hv millions of fans. But you hv to discove"
" : Happy Asian/Asian Pacific American Heritage Month, Sun Devils! To dispel stereotypes, here's what  students and faculty would"
" He made the point that South Asians in American media are essentially represented by 5 people; 5 people "
"So if  is listening to Asian American fans, are we going to see Lara Jean wear hanbok just like on the firs "
" : Having been confused with another Asian American reader while reading at AWP and witnessing Javier Zamora being confused fo"
" : For the past week, I've had convos w several North Atlantic #anthropologists abt how their casual depictions of Southeast/Sout"
"BS! what a blatant platitude. wish I had done it better: de Blasio reflects on the rollout of his specialized h "
" Literally everything. Classic, jazz, 70-80-90's, country, Ed Sheeran to Lana del rey, darkwave, met "
" : The #2020Census can determine how we can address the different health disparities in our community. Check out our community hea"
" : I writing a piece for TIME on Asian Pacific Heritage Month. It will be about cherry blossoms, my love for MISS SAIGON,"
" :  Orlando - NALEO Educational Fund Census Day of Action Press Conference#HagaseContar#Make2020Count#2020Census  "
" : .: Asian-American Idol "
" : Scoring on debut, partying with American Idol singers and signing autographs. Ex-NPL star peak Asian adventure "
" The murder of anyone is no more important than the murder of another., or less important. That re "
"     Sounds like many Latin American, African "
" : 132%??!!  Wow, thank you everyone!!! This is amazing!  We have less than 24 hours to go but if you still want to bac"
"I watching  on STAN and Whistle by BP just blows up. It actually cool to hear a non-English/ Kpop "
" : Being raised Asian American, building presence in the Chinese communities has cultural significance to me, and I love connecti"
" Without gov't healthcare, American automakers can't compete with German and Asian automakers."
" :  Please tell your dad that he inspires me endlessly as an Asian American teenager who wants to enter into the"
" : I am a plus sized, Muslim, South Asian American girl and I am the hero of my own story."
" :  Trump on the night of the 2020 election: How could I have lost? Asian-American unemployment is so low!"
" : TOMORROW as part of  's Transnational Asian/America speakers series, Brenda Shuaghnessy and Ed Bok Lee will "
" : The boring, whitewashed shit went on for a while, but then something happened: the black and brown and Asian and Appal"
"Scoring on debut, partying with American Idol singers and signing autographs. Ex-NPL star peak Asian adventure "
" : Artists like  who, whether a radio station plays them or not, they'll hv millions of fans. But you hv to discove"
" : The boring, whitewashed shit went on for a while, but then something happened: the black and brown and Asian and Appal"
" : Being raised Asian American, building presence in the Chinese communities has cultural significance to me, and I love connecti"
" : Having been confused with another Asian American reader while reading at AWP and witnessing Javier Zamora being confused fo"
" : I am a plus sized, Muslim, South Asian American girl and I am the hero of my own story."
" : it's an honor just to be asian it is. Thank you  from the bottom of this Korean American's heart and"
" : April is National #MinorityHealthMonth. The Lupus Research Alliance recognizes that although lupus can affect anyone  i"
" :         "
"  Oh celebrated being an 'Asian-Canadian-American' during her SNL opening monologue://t.co/DJpyOMdyYr"
" : #Minnesota's #media professionals told us Asian Americans &amp; American Indians are often MISSING in local coverage, African"
" : Looking forward to moderating the screening &amp; legal discussion of And Then They Came for Us on 4/9  5:30p "
"omg today i went to a k-bbq place n everything was going DANDY until my friend nudged me and asked me if bts was pl "
" : Our fathers may never know us the way we wish they would. And if we learned that ignorance is bliss, it because we le"
"Last Saturday that Defective Taser that malfunctioned on me (1 million volts) did something to me. If I didn't find "
"#civicaction #philly The Asian American Vote Philadelphia #act "
"   Ms. I was not educated here in the US but I took time reading actual history, "
" Yeah race is an issue in Europe still, it shifted from Africans and Indians to anybody who looks "
"    When they passed regulations about children sitting in the "
"  Yaaasss, Asian-American Magick is where it at! Thanks for doing this video, I can wait to watch soon!"
" : Happy Asian/Asian Pacific American Heritage Month, Sun Devils! To dispel stereotypes, here's what  students and faculty would"
" : Artists like  who, whether a radio station plays them or not, they'll hv millions of fans. But you hv to discove"
" : I wholeheartedly endorse  for City Treasurer, who would become the first Asian American elected to citywide o"
" :  Trump on the night of the 2020 election: How could I have lost? Asian-American unemployment is so low!"
" : Job Opening: Asian American Cultural Center Director at Virginia Tech, review of applications to begin 4/8! Please  h"
" : Looks like  is listening to Asian American fans "
"As Asian-Americans, how do we simultaneously combat racism, take responsibility for our own role in perpetuating it "
" : I am a plus sized, Muslim, South Asian American girl and I am the hero of my own story."
" : Kalau kalian pengen tau kenapa agnezmo susah untuk rilis lagu, coba baca disini://t.co/Lk926mMuVq"
" : aight wheres this thot from..... he looks central american  but mostly he looks west asian krbekendkdb "
"Being raised Asian American, building presence in the Chinese communities has cultural significance to me, and I lo "
"Congratulations to the Asian American Cultural Center and the Center for Social Justice and LGBT Communities for to "
" We love to too! Would you asian men from Asian or American Asian men ? And that whole thing about size is BS "
"Sweet maple opens in SFO plates with Asian touch dish: bacon notable dish:'' "
" : After touring the South Asian giant lately, American travel blogger Drew Binsky narrates  is everything free in Pa"
" Nothing to see here. Check out the stats on asian-American unemployment!"
"        "
" I always ask the ghost if it an Asian or a Western spirit. If it a little American kid from th "
"The boring, whitewashed shit went on for a while, but then something happened: the black and brown and Asian and Ap "
" : 132%??!!  Wow, thank you everyone!!! This is amazing!  We have less than 24 hours to go but if you still want to bac"
"Check out the SIU activities in April to celebrate Asian American and Pacific Islander Heritage Month: "
"The hyphen in Asian American is officially a thing of the past. #AAPI  "
""
" : Having been confused with another Asian American reader while reading at AWP and witnessing Javier Zamora being confused fo"
"FWIW, Asian parents are welcome to parent however they like. are also welcome to open a twitter account in wh "
" Trump on the night of the 2020 election: How could I have lost? Asian-American unemployment is so low!"
"Anong mas gusto mo? American size o Asian size  Gusto ko ang nota nya... AYYY CHAROT HAHAHAHAHAHA "
" : April is National #MinorityHealthMonth. The Lupus Research Alliance recognizes that although lupus can affect anyone  i"
" : I writing a piece for TIME on Asian Pacific Heritage Month. It will be about cherry blossoms, my love for MISS SAIGON,"
"  I just think that the smackdown women are not really represented and it really sad to see amaz "
" : Artists like  who, whether a radio station plays them or not, they'll hv millions of fans. But you hv to discove"
" : Having been confused with another Asian American reader while reading at AWP and witnessing Javier Zamora being confused fo"
"     If Jews aren't white then why don't Jews get t "
" :   Don understand why people are surprised. Not a lot of Americans know their geography."
"  Yeah but how is Asian-American unemployment?"
" :  Orlando - NALEO Educational Fund Census Day of Action Press Conference#HagaseContar#Make2020Count#2020Census  "
"African-American, Asian-American, Hispanic-American workers -- I shouldn't even have to put a quick evening and the "
" : Hurting American citizens in Order to Hurt citizens-in-waiting people r on list for a green card, they are going thro"
" Kayaknya bukan agnez sama CL aja Dah, soalnya agnez sama CL bukan satunya artis yg pengen Gogon udah d "
" : Today was the Coalition of Asian American Leaders Day and I was able to meet with a leader from our district. We spoke"
"How  Mack is Normalizing Asian American Identity for the Youngest Generation via /r/asianamerican "
"Asian American #represent  "
"The liberals in CA are using the #collegeadmissionscandal to attack Asian-American students. Disgusting "
" :  Ban all you want. Their chicken sandwich is the best bar none and their service here is amazing. NEVER a"
"  Getting rid of the SAT and ACT is an attack on California Asian-American students"
"Hi friendly people: Lil' Bratz - Cloe, Jade, Sasha and Yasmin original Bratz clique includes a Cau "
" : I wholeheartedly endorse  for City Treasurer, who would become the first Asian American elected to citywide o"
"what constitutes  american was never INTENDED to be bunched together. also bc shitty imperialist politics n "
"i think about placelessness a lot now that im at a white school. read smth by karen shimekawa re: abjection from so "
" : Job Opening: Asian American Cultural Center Director at Virginia Tech, review of applications to begin 4/8! Please  h"
" : Commr Ricker started off her #MondayMorning with  for #AsianMNAtTheCapitol. Thanks to the Coalition of Asian American"
"  How about you stop calling everyone terrible names and be the first to put politics aside and wo "
"Watching a movie entitled  starring unknown American and Asian-American actors had me guffawing! "
" Ban all you want. Their chicken sandwich is the best bar none and their service here is amazing. NEV "
" Are you focusing on American films? I ask because, for example, Studio Ghibli has more nuanced/posi "
"as american as i am, i don't think i can ever adhere to the move as far away from your family as you can standard "
" : I am a plus sized, Muslim, South Asian American girl and I am the hero of my own story."
" I'm literally looking them up now, I'm such a nerd. . I wonder if people know how many southe "
"Thank you to everyone that came out to support the Taste of Ginger last week. The event was a huge success and it w "
" : One week from tonight! Join our VIETGONE community partners Asian American Theatre Artists of Boston for a staged reading"
"just finished my asian-american studies essays  now i have to cram for my psych midterm tmr://t.co/5rRME2teSl"
"ive seen support groups for chinese adoptees born in china but never for chinese american adoptees or south/se asia "
" : Patsy Mink paved the way as the first Asian American woman and first non-white woman elected to Congress. We are all be"
"The moment when you go into an Asian based mall to get served American Chinese by a store that only provides forks."
" : Lagos twitter:  twitter: twitter:  twitter::  twitter: smash or pass?"
" : At #ACES2019 last week,  announced  will no longer hyphenate Asian American and other dual heritage t"
" : Love to these poets. We were vulnerable together. I felt most vulnerable when I tried to put into words what my experi"
"Looking forward to moderating the screening &amp; legal discussion of And Then They Came for Us on 4/9  5:30p "
" : Join us TOMORROW at the Opening Ceremony for Asian Pacific American Heritage Month! Free food &amp; promo items will be provided "
"Lagos twitter:  twitter: twitter:  twitter::  twitter: smash or pass?"
" : Artists like  who, whether a radio station plays them or not, they'll hv millions of fans. But you hv to discove"
" : I am a plus sized, Muslim, South Asian American girl and I am the hero of my own story."
" : A marvellous review of #Asianfail by  in the Journal of Asian American Studies #JAAS Feb 2019 issue.://t.co/0"
" : Plan A Magazine is proud to feature comedian Joe Wong (), Chinese-American, in his own words. Interviewed by th"
"The  advises communicators to use the terms #racist or #racism instead of euphemisms like  cha "
"i think asian american strilondes with bleach blonde hair can be the truth. i believe they exist"
"i hc a lot of homestuck characters as asian american YES it is self indulgent NO that will not stop me... im partic "
"i see your pasty white dave strider and i raise you.... asian american dave"
" : If you are a grad student or contingent faculty in Asian American Studies, please look at this and fill it out: "
" : Wanna thank  for including me on yesterday Super Asian American panel with , , "
" : Changes in  announced at #ACES2019 include many on race: Call an act racist, not a person; no hyphens in African"
"    us asians lack representation here &amp; I tired of people s "
"If you are a grad student or contingent faculty in Asian American Studies, please look at this and fill it out: "
" : Sandra Oh marked her one-year anniversary of becoming an American citizen by hosting Saturday Night Live. "
"A little look into the life of Toto Koopman to start Asian American Heritage Observance Month here at UConn! "
"Don miss Genki Spark right now in the Martin. BONUS: free food! Event hosted by the Asian American Society! "
" : Our fathers may never know us the way we wish they would. And if we learned that ignorance is bliss, it because we le"
" : Looks like  is listening to Asian American fans "
"Asian American/Ethnic Studies Programs have always struggled for recognition &amp; support since the .  The withdr "
" : Artists like  who, whether a radio station plays them or not, they'll hv millions of fans. But you hv to discove"
" Look who is talking about constitution. The person who just reads and sends tweets herself, AOC is judging oth "
"Artists like  who, whether a radio station plays them or not, they'll hv millions of fans. But you hv to d "
" : Today's Census Day, marking one year out until #2020Census is in full swing. SEARAC is dedicated to ensuring that Southeast Asi"
" : Day 31: Clara Chan Lee and Emma Tom Leung. In 1911, they were the Asian American women to register to vote in the US... a"
" : Having been confused with another Asian American reader while reading at AWP and witnessing Javier Zamora being confused fo"
" : Our fathers may never know us the way we wish they would. And if we learned that ignorance is bliss, it because we le"
" :  Tenyata udah beberapa dekade rasisme terhadap asia dan udh bbrapa artis asia dr jaman dulu yg ingin tembus san"
"In which case, I look forward to the recommendations of the new all Native, African, Caribbean, Pacific Islander, A "
" : Perhaps the abundance of writing by pretty, thin, class and education privileged East Asian American about the microaggre"
" : Looks like  is listening to Asian American fans "
" : Asian American Liberalism will see the Josh Luna comic about class war waged upon the working class diaspora and inste"
" : Happy Asian/Asian Pacific American Heritage Month, Sun Devils! To dispel stereotypes, here's what  students and faculty would"
" Couple of years ago at a conference I was talking with an editor at a booth &amp; a nice Asian American m "
" : Need suggestions of short fiction (any genre) w/ good to excellent descriptions of ppl from marginalized backgrounds. Specif"
"Real Talk Tea with Women Scholars of PPCC 10 American achievement prophecy and the effect of stereotype "
"Latinos and Asian-Americans are more likely to grow up with immigrant  parents raised outside the American party s "
" : East Asian Twitter: please suggest your reign names for American presidents."
" : Nationally, 40% of food stamps recipients are white, 25% are black, 10% Hispanic, 2% Asian, 1% Native American #SNAP http:"
" : UPB is hosting National Poetry Month: Highlighting Queer People of Color! Our first artist is performing on April 9th from 7-9p"
" : When I hear something like the above, I can certainly relate. There were so few books featuring Asian or Asian-American c"
" : I am a plus sized, Muslim, South Asian American girl and I am the hero of my own story."
"5 Arizona restaurants openings "
" : Sandra Oh marked her one-year anniversary of becoming an American citizen by hosting Saturday Night Live. "
" Asian American superstar Scarlett Johansson in her biopic"
"Eloquently stated.  an Asian-American Family, the Cost of Education "
"Looks like  is listening to Asian American fans "
" : This article about Asian American dads... tbh a lot of Asian dads from that generation are like that. Especially with a d"
"Not to be an idiot but I never heard of Asian American unemployment ever said before so I have no input on that"
"As an Asian American, I'm sure there will be many opportunities for me to find work with this! "
"*2100, the American Asian fascists have built a wall on the Mexico border, institute no-knock raids to test immigra "
"Pretty Asian-american Girls on Tumblr be like:  pink strawberries and ?((._.             "
" : Last night I saw Searching with John Cho as the first Asian-American to lead a thriller and tonight I am seeing Us with Bl"
"American Anglo's Saxon have always pushed Asian culture as being schoolyard prepared more then others  I beg to di "
"   famima tried to be an asian 7-11 and even they had to switch over to boring american st "
"The YMCA of Frederick teamed up with the Asian American Center of Frederick to give our community a  butt dem "
"Being Asian Pacific Islander Desi American at Work Panel hosted by A.S.I.A &amp; UFMC, April 4th | 6:00pm - "
"Japanese-American activists fold paper cranes to show solidarity at Texas detention facility "
". said he thought it was important to look nice to be a good example of the Asian American and LGBT c "
" : 2. AP received assistance from major journalism organizations such as the National Association of Black Journalists, the A"
" is a deep sense of outrage that mass incarcerations are happening again in the United States and we intend t "
"Thank you Houston Asian American Film Festival!  #mls #documentary #vietnamese #asianamerican #filmfestival "
"This article about Asian American dads... tbh a lot of Asian dads from that generation are like that. Especially wi "
" : We excited to announce that  will join the English department this fall. Her work is situated at the in"
"    Our latest  #conference presentation was on this "
"2. AP received assistance from major journalism organizations such as the National Association of Black Journalist "
"5 Arizona restaurants openings "
" : For the past week, I've had convos w several North Atlantic #anthropologists abt how their casual depictions of Southeast/Sout"
"  What has Donald Trump got to do with this % fact lowest black Asian latino unemployment "
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
"  I still adhere to myself as an asian american because I must, because that how socie "
"Looking for cheap eats in  ? Check out our latest food blog post! "
"Our fathers may never know us the way we wish they would. And if we learned that ignorance is bliss, it because "
"One #Asian American eliminated, another advances in television competition. #AAPI "
" : Did you know? In 1985, Ellison Onizuka became the first Asian-American and first Hawaiian astronaut in space. "
"East Asian nations don want the American oldies breathing down their necks.  nations don want the Amer "
"   Okay 12%. I will take that. What about our native, Asian and Latino popu "
" : Need suggestions of short fiction (any genre) w/ good to excellent descriptions of ppl from marginalized backgrounds. Spec"
" : April is National #MinorityHealthMonth. The Lupus Research Alliance recognizes that although lupus can affect anyone  i"
" : Today was the Coalition of Asian American Leaders Day and I was able to meet with a leader from our district. We spoke"
"I gave a presentation on the Deuteronomistic History in my Asian American Theologies class which was cool if you're "
" : Changes in  announced at #ACES2019 include many on race: Call an act racist, not a person; no hyphens in African"
"Today was the Coalition of Asian American Leaders Day and I was able to meet with a leader from our district. We sp "
"This week, we will be introducing some Asian/Asian American musicians! First is Sen Morimoto! He is a Kyoto-born, b "
" : Happy Asian/Asian Pacific American Heritage Month, Sun Devils! To dispel stereotypes, here's what  students and faculty would"
" :  Orlando - NALEO Educational Fund Census Day of Action Press Conference#HagaseContar#Make2020Count#2020Census  "
" : I writing a piece for TIME on Asian Pacific Heritage Month. It will be about cherry blossoms, my love for MISS SAIGON,"
"One week from tonight! Join our VIETGONE community partners Asian American Theatre Artists of Boston for a staged r "
" : East Asian Twitter: please suggest your reign names for American presidents."
" I truly hope most of the comments here force you to think hard the next time you feel the reflexive need to cr "
"The Asian Women Giving Circle is the 1st &amp; largest #GivingCircle by &amp; for Asian American women. They in #NYC &amp; m "
" : TOMORROW as part of  's Transnational Asian/America speakers series, Brenda Shuaghnessy and Ed Bok Lee will "
"Members of The Hartford's APPN employee group visited UConn's Asian American Cultural Center to discuss how to prep "
"Join us for our Asian American Pacific Heritage Month celebration! Enjoy authentic Nepalese cuisine, cash bar, and "
"TOMORROW as part of  's Transnational Asian/America speakers series, Brenda Shuaghnessy and Ed Bok Lee wil "
" "
" : Sandra Oh marked her one-year anniversary of becoming an American citizen by hosting Saturday Night Live. "
" : LOS ANGELES: EMPOWER 2019, A CUTTING-EDGE ASIAN-AMERICAN  | Asia Media "
" In Australia we call you Asian. You aren a PoC or special. You are in fact the norm. Come here if you f "
" : The Asian American Bar Association of the Greater Bay Area presented the first ever  Impact Award at its annua"
" you might appreciate this typical and self-conscious attempt at Asian American self-deprecation. "
"     That assuming, look around most of the people "
"Hold up, Tilda's Asian again? (#TheDeadDontDie) lol. The setting looks  like the po-dunk town I grew up in, as an A "
"normally don't want to boost anything from the la schools, but i have to shout out to my Asian-American Sister "
" : Asian American, Native Hawaiian, and Pacific Islander communities are some of the fastest-growing in the country. The mor"
"Asian April Fools -&gt;OVER April Fools -&gt;OVER April Fools -&gt;IN PROGRESS internet -&gt;STILL A THREAT"
" Actually I am what I call an Elbino Native American/Asian, thanks."
" I just hoping the cunt sells it now. NOW. To an Asian/Arab/American businessman or something idk. I desperate"
"My body type is: fat for an Asian. Skinny for an American. Send pizza. "
"I judged yesterday at the SAAWA (South Asian American Women's Alliance) science fair held at the Merrick golf cours "
"Thanks to our friends at #AWP19 it was great to catch up!  We enjoyed meeting everyone at the #AsianAmerican caucus "
" : Need suggestions of short fiction (any genre) w/ good to excellent descriptions of ppl from marginalized backgrounds. Spec"
" : Without a fair and accurate count, the Asian American community would not be able to advocate for itself. That's why we must"
" : Having been confused with another Asian American reader while reading at AWP and witnessing Javier Zamora being confused fo"
"Thanks in part to the efforts of Rep.  and her Elevate-PAC, there's an early spike in #GOPWomen eyein "
"An undercount will mean that congressional districts will be allocated and drawn without an accurate understanding "
" : Asian American Liberalism will see the Josh Luna comic about class war waged upon the working class diaspora and inste"
" : I am a plus sized, Muslim, South Asian American girl and I am the hero of my own story."
"African men, men, men, men, men, men, men, men, "
" : Kelly Uchima was recently on 's campus with a message of self love, recovery, and body acceptance in the Asia"
"SPX has a 66% Hispanic/Latinx, 25% white, 5% Native American, 4% Asian, and 1% African American; which is roughly t "
"Find out what this has to do with celebrating Asian American Heritage month early. #b3641 "
" Orlando - NALEO Educational Fund Census Day of Action Press Conference#HagaseContar#Make2020Count#2020Census "
"I'm an Asian in America. Not Asian American."
"We are celebrating Asian Pacific-Islander Desi American Heritage Month early! Join us during our April events! "
" : Perhaps the abundance of writing by pretty, thin, class and education privileged East Asian American about the microaggre"
"Happy Asian Pacific American Heritage Month! The theme for this month is  Faces, Our Voices. We chose this the "
" And to add..how does Asian-American education statistics speak on that of black americans? Not only is t "
"Sandra Oh marked her one-year anniversary of becoming an American citizen by hosting Saturday Night Live. "
" Yes, drugs are coming into this country through legal points of entry, hidden in shipping containers. Many cou "
" :   I've been told the same thing, and that it's because the county draws a lot from the suburbs and e"
" : The panel, called  American Perspectives on  Saigon: Stereotypes, History and Community, was called to discuss lo"
"Love to these poets. We were vulnerable together. I felt most vulnerable when I tried to put into words what my exp "
"Help  prove to public radio distributors, potential sponsors, and funders that there a real need "
"FYI: Their experiences in white supremacism are not overreactions. Jokes about Asian American (women) are not funny "
"For the past week, I've had convos w several North Atlantic #anthropologists abt how their casual depictions of Sou "
" as a Nubian, as a Zulu, as an American Indian. As a south east asian, As a (white) brunette male. As a ( "
"This is the asian american representation in children television programming I needed growing up as opposed to th "
"I binge watched this entire series last summer. Yes, there are problems with deriving too much a sense of progress "
"And I a very reserved person. So I can get in my mind that somebody would care if I a women or man, Asian or "
" : The Lee/Kwak family of #Baltimore has generously offered a $500 matching donation for TODAY ONLY! Today, every dollar"
"Asian American Liberalism will see the Josh Luna comic about class war waged upon the working class diaspora and in "
"Tuesday Night Cafe Season 21 is opening tomorrow (Tuesday ) at 7pm!  This is the longest running Asian American op "
"  I've been told the same thing, and that it's because the county draws a lot from the subu "
"Director of Asian American Studies at Syracuse University  says,  kind of event will bring visibilit "
" : We excited to announce that  will join the English department this fall. Her work is situated at the in"
" : When I hear something like the above, I can certainly relate. There were so few books featuring Asian or Asian-American c"
" : Check out 's new digital exhibition, A Day in the Queer Life of Asian Pacific America, which features s"
"It Asian American Pacific Islander Heritage Month ! Here, this educational month is beginning a month e "
"We excited to announce that  will join the English department this fall. Her work is situated at th "
" : #WFG EVC Ting Chiu being honored by Who Who in Asian American Community! "
" For everything in America, we don need the smartest African American, smartest Asian, smartest woman, s "
" : Happy Asian/Asian Pacific American Heritage Month, Sun Devils! To dispel stereotypes, here's what  students and faculty would"
" : I writing a piece for TIME on Asian Pacific Heritage Month. It will be about cherry blossoms, my love for MISS SAIGON,"
"Happy Asian/Asian Pacific American Heritage Month, Sun Devils! To dispel stereotypes, here's what  students and "
" They got a taste of it last month when they attempted a filibuster and then voted en masse against A "
" : Having been confused with another Asian American reader while reading at AWP and witnessing Javier Zamora being confused fo"
"    You really think an Asian guy would date or be besties with "
"finding out abt va**ar fuck shit and ppl trying to stop Asian American studies movement ... like I worked my ass of "
"Asian American people lost by far the most in the 2008 foreclosure crisis, and this is rarely discussed. #FHConf2019"
" : After touring the South Asian giant lately, American travel blogger Drew Binsky narrates  is everything free in Pa"
" : Job Opening: Asian American Cultural Center Director at Virginia Tech, review of applications to begin 4/8! Please  h"
" : Perhaps the abundance of writing by pretty, thin, class and education privileged East Asian American about the microaggre"
" : I would say Halloween was a huge high point for me... To be able to see this character, Lara Jean, take her place in the"
" : Happy #TransDayOfVisibility #TDOV 'm Noel, I'm an Asian American trans artist who has a love of writing and making colorful"
"UPB is hosting National Poetry Month: Highlighting Queer People of Color! Our first artist is performing on April 9 "
" : I am a plus sized, Muslim, South Asian American girl and I am the hero of my own story."
" : Need suggestions of short fiction (any genre) w/ good to excellent descriptions of ppl from marginalized backgrounds. Spec"
" : Resources for Asian/Pacific Islanders:://t.co/uryxrf5p1S://t.co/QIAHN5VoIl: "
"I would say Halloween was a huge high point for me... To be able to see this character, Lara Jean, take her place "
"  See this is actually funny (Asian American here)"
"I was in violation of AP stylebook it seems like but if you have been writing Asian-American please do not do that "
" : A5: Middle Eastern and North African Americans, American Indians, Alaska Natives, Black communities, Asian Americans and N"
" Growing up in an Asian-American family it was like a second home to me. My grandmother still goes out "
" : Asian American Night - Mark your calendars! Asian American Night is coming up on April 26th! "
"A5: Middle Eastern and North African Americans, American Indians, Alaska Natives, Black communities, Asian American "
" : #DYK that the first woman of color in US Congress was of Japanese descent? Learn more about the Asian-American women who"
"Happy Asian-Pacific American Heritage Month to all of our students! Join us while we honor the rich legacy, traditi "
"When Asian American Men Seek Therapy: The Invisible Struggle | Psychology Today "
" sis do i see a tee on you in the avi? you have to take it off now, wouldn you? considering how it "
"Congratulations to rising young Asian-American filmmaker, alum Justin Chon's Ms. Purple, which debuted in January a "
"The  has updated its stylebook. Here are a few key things to note:- Drop the hyphen in such terms as African Am "
"-it shaped me so well. As an Asian American, it been one of the biggest things that helped me accept myself m "
"As host of  on March 30, Sandra Oh announces that it's her 1-year anniversary of becoming a US citizen, maki "
" : Tonight, #UWMadison kicks off Asian Pacific Islander Desi American Heritage Month on campus with the APIDA Night Festival. F"
"A6. Including a citizenship question puts the #2020Census at grave risk of a significant undercount among hard-to-r "
"The hyphen is officially disappearing from Asian American. #AAPI  "
" : Without a fair and accurate count, the Asian American community would not be able to advocate for itself. That's why we must"
", Race, and American Belonging: Through the Lens of Japanese American Buddhists during the Internment 1942 "
" :  I've secured 7 digit donations from African American donors, from Asian donors, from Mexican donors. So don't te"
"   Dude, your party is currently debating whether being racist to white people on "
"Asian American groups in the PAVE Coalition and members of the  #ILCountMeIn2020 coalition are ready fo "
"#DYK that the first woman of color in US Congress was of Japanese descent? Learn more about the Asian-American wome "
" : Commr Ricker started off her #MondayMorning with  for #AsianMNAtTheCapitol. Thanks to the Coalition of Asian American"
"Who is allowed the American Dream? | "
" , okay. There corn dogs. Hamburgers. Chicken and waffles. Turkey legs. Asian fusion...or we co "
" : . , . ameri"
" : Done!  My (for purchase at the event) piece for THE NEON LOTUS gallery show in LA opening Friday, April 9th. It a dope as"
"aight wheres this thot from..... he looks central american  but mostly he looks west asian krbekendkdb "
"OPINION: Concerns of racial profiling in science reflect societal Asian American concerns. "
" : Honored to share a #Wondercon2019 panel this afternoon with bona fide Asian American superheroes   "
" : Wanna thank  for including me on yesterday Super Asian American panel with , , "
"Hello! Here's a video that I helped make with the Pan Asian American Council on what it means being a mixed race As "
"I am a plus sized, Muslim, South Asian American girl and I am the hero of my own story."
"  how it is mean if I say you look North American or South American? you look African "
"CENSUS FACT: Asian American, Native Hawaiian, and Pacific Islanders are some of the fastest-growing communities in "
"I'm a 44 year old, college-educated, Asian man from OH.'m a moderate Republican who opposes the Clean Air Act, o "
" : Why diversity matters in comics: so you can see Asian American superheroes fighting over the restaurant check. Thanks, "
" : 132%??!!  Wow, thank you everyone!!! This is amazing!  We have less than 24 hours to go but if you still want to bac"
""
" : Today,  starts its new initiative #AMinuteWith, highlighting Asian American women filmmakers. And our"
" : happy asian pacific american heritage month!! shout out to all the AMAZING people who are a part of this community- enjo"
"  US has currently $24B in minority scholarships available. African American, Native "
" : I'm happy that  was adamant about bringing Warrior, a show originally pitched by Bruce Lee, to life. Warrior"
" :  So true. The Asian American's role is to provide moral relief to the guilty American racial conscience. If"
" : Whoa,  has a forthcoming book! #slantedbook #trademark #free #expression #racism: How an Asian Ameri"
" : i literally crying bc i so excited about my asian american culture and identity class"
" : since it asian pacific american heritage month my uni brought people to show us all of the dances from the different cu"
"Check out 's state specific fact sheets to keep your local communities informed abt the importance of the "
"I am hosting an Asian American  poetry salon and keep thinking about anybody I can invite from my college and I rea "
" : At #ACES2019 last week,  announced  will no longer hyphenate Asian American and other dual heritage t"
" : Today,  starts its new initiative #AMinuteWith, highlighting Asian American women filmmakers. And our"
" : Sign up for our April community call on April 25, when we'll be discussing all things #2020Census and how you can help ensure S"
" : Plan A Magazine is proud to feature comedian Joe Wong (), Chinese-American, in his own words. Interviewed by th"
"Today,  starts its new initiative #AMinuteWith, highlighting Asian American women filmmakers. And o "
"Job Opening: Asian American Cultural Center Director at Virginia Tech, review of applications to begin 4/8! Please "
"Resources for Asian/Pacific Islanders:://t.co/uryxrf5p1S://t.co/QIAHN5VoIl: "
" : Asian American, Native Hawaiian, and Pacific Islander communities are some of the fastest-growing in the country. The mor"
"Without a fair and accurate count, the Asian American community would not be able to advocate for itself. That's wh "
" : Today's Census Day, marking one year out until #2020Census is in full swing. SEARAC is dedicated to ensuring that Southeast Asi"
"So Im getting criticized over me saying that i love asian woman because how they get down first of all i did say th "
"Your 23andNotReallyMe Results:  Finnish: 0.2% Native American: 62.5% North African: 87.0% Broadly East Asian: 8 "
" :  are you from? your asian. Where are you fromm.. Bio: Born in San Francisco, Raised in Westla"
"Sign up for our April community call on April 25, when we'll be discussing all things #2020Census and how you can h "
" I've secured 7 digit donations from African American donors, from Asian donors, from Mexican donors. S "
"i been searching so long n hard for a space to just word vomit all the thoughts i had about the asian america "
"i literally crying bc i so excited about my asian american culture and identity class"
" : The #2020Census can determine how we can address the different health disparities in our community. Check out our community hea"
"Asian American, Native Hawaiian, and Pacific Islander communities are some of the fastest-growing in the country. T "
" :  Found this relatable to freshwater turtle research published by some American/European male scientists. Eg."
"The #2020Census can determine how we can address the different health disparities in our community. Check out our c "
" : Perhaps the abundance of writing by pretty, thin, class and education privileged East Asian American about the microaggre"
"#Census2020 is one year from today. Asian American, Native Hawaiian, and Pacific Islander communities are some of t "
"   According to the 2010 census, 87.98% White, 5.58% African American, 0.31 "
"#Census2020 is one year from today. Asian American, Native Hawaiian, and Pacific Islander communities are some of t "
"the amount of y-e-l-l-o-w in my asian american literature class  am living"
" I referred to someone from India once as Asian - and the other American told me, no, they are from Ind "
" So true. The Asian American's role is to provide moral relief to the guilty American racial conscien "
"happy asian pacific american heritage month!! shout out to all the AMAZING people who are a part of this community- "
" Same with Jade being African-American. She was Asian in every other iteration."
" : I writing a piece for TIME on Asian Pacific Heritage Month. It will be about cherry blossoms, my love for MISS SAIGON,"
" : In Jackie Dallas' short film PROUD, an Asian-American woman finally learns to embrace her ethnic heritage while growing up i"
" : Asian American Day  the Capital. Asian Americans make up 4.6% of the MN population &amp; are the fastest growing ethnic grou"
"Today's Census Day, marking one year out until #2020Census is in full swing. SEARAC is dedicated to ensuring that S "
"After Overture cancels 'Miss Saigon' panel, Asian American scholars host 'teach-in' on street "
"  Liberalism has been coopted and absorbed by the very characteristics it claims to fight "
"Asian-American #Actors Are Fighting for Visibility. They Will Not Be Ignored. #Diversity #Whitewashing"
"In the American Ballet Theatre, there are white, Asian, and Latinx,and Black dancers. Guess who the only two you no "
"    I am yet to hear of European, American or Asian migrants attacked "
"Coming up at 4:25 on NCC News: New York State is implementing a plastic bag ban starting March 2020, and some local "
" : NAPABA's 2019 Lobby Day is May 20-21, 2019 in Washington, DC.  Day is an opportunity for NAPABA members from across"
"and someone mentioned how it was personally inspiring to see an Asian American woman in marine science #RepresentationMatters "
"sHe iS jUsT aMeRiCaN iT DoEsNt mAtTeR tHaT sHe lOoKs ObViOusLy aSiaN. Dude get over it. She's part Asian. Nobody's "
"I'm happy that  was adamant about bringing Warrior, a show originally pitched by Bruce Lee, to life. Warr "
"I'm going to see if  has this for borrowing. #RepresentationMatters #Diversity Debuts First Asian-Americ "
" : Commr Ricker started off her #MondayMorning with  for #AsianMNAtTheCapitol. Thanks to the Coalition of Asian American"
"Asian American Day  the Capital. Asian Americans make up 4.6% of the MN population &amp; are the fastest growing ethni "
"As an Asian growing up in a Western world, and a millennial confronting the dooms of plastic pollution, this articl "
" : You can't test out of racism. You can't test out of discrimination. That's not how the real world works.  talk"
"  The one on the left I think Middle Eastern would like, the top right one Asian people would p "
"Whoa,  has a forthcoming book! #slantedbook #trademark #free #expression #racism: How an Asian "
" : Affirmative action has been an extremely hot topic in the community. This Asian American Brooklyn Tech alum shares why Asian A"
"This week is about to be Asian Pacific Islander/American filled! Attending the APAHE ("
" Oh, and the book basically has two modes: 1) How Japanese &amp; Asian men in general r all shitty asshol "
" : Clarkson has his best game in his rookie season on March 24 2015 when he had 30 points and 7 assists in a loss to the Thunder"
" : Having been confused with another Asian American reader while reading at AWP and witnessing Javier Zamora being confused fo"
" : Kalau kalian pengen tau kenapa agnezmo susah untuk rilis lagu, coba baca disini://t.co/Lk926mMuVq"
" : I wholeheartedly endorse  for City Treasurer, who would become the first Asian American elected to citywide o"
"  Its nit really i love asian cause their different from just your regular American woman "
"April is Asian Pacific Islander Desi American Heritage Month!  and the CSU Pacific Club launched this new "
" : Some of you haven't realized this asian-american woman who is very goofy and really has a big daddy energy named Grace Par"
"I don't think Pence shouldn't be allowed on campus, but I do think students should voice their opinions abt him/wha "
" : De Blasio seeks to discriminate while pretending not to. He want to scrap the standardized test and grant automatic admiss"
"Practicing Ambivalence: Taiko, White Women, and Asian American Performance talk by Angela Ahlgren of . "
" : #SomaliAirlines was one of the leading airlines in #Africa, offering regular flights to several African, Asian, European and A"
"Plan A Magazine is proud to feature comedian Joe Wong (), Chinese-American, in his own words. Intervi "
" : April is Asian American and Pacific Islander Heritage Month! Check out these websites for more info and to see a schedu"
" : Being Asian American means having none of the privileges but all the scapegoating by politicians and the media. We t"
" Me:  Well, general field is American History, but I have specialty fields in American Military, 20th "
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
" : 25.4% of Harvard's latest class of admitted undergraduates is Asian American, up from last year "
" : Finally, the perspective of alumn and particularly Asian American alumni, who unsurprisingly share more nuanced, personal tho"
" : Members of an Asian-American GOP political group that Yang belonged to even began to worry that their group could be used"
" : Perhaps the abundance of writing by pretty, thin, class and education privileged East Asian American about the microaggre"
"Tonight, #UWMadison kicks off Asian Pacific Islander Desi American Heritage Month on campus with the APIDA Night Fe "
"22nd Annual Asian American Arts Festival Cultivates Space for Community Healing and Celebration   "
" : Andrew Yang sat down with HuffPost to discuss his heritage and the struggle to find his identity.  think that what gave"
" : Wanna thank  for including me on yesterday Super Asian American panel with , , "
"April is Asian American and Pacific Islander Heritage Month! Check out these websites for more info and to see a sc "
"Oh, got it! There been opaque blood pudding retaliation from old Jane Hong at Herrick Alta Bates for VIOLENT MEMS "
"Perhaps the abundance of writing by pretty, thin, class and education privileged East Asian American about the micr "
" : Just finished my final project for my Asian American Studies class; the criteria was 4 panels + 10 pages on themes covere"
"NAPABA's 2019 Lobby Day is May 20-21, 2019 in Washington, DC.  Day is an opportunity for NAPABA members from "
" : 132%??!!  Wow, thank you everyone!!! This is amazing!  We have less than 24 hours to go but if you still want to bac"
"25% Asian, 25% South American, 25% European, 25% Nordic; 100% owned "
" You are the best example of how terrible American kids are in math, especially non Asian kids of color!"
" : Having been confused with another Asian American reader while reading at AWP and witnessing Javier Zamora being confused fo"
" Np. I shit u not, there's a scene in the book where a group of Asian ppl r so 'timid, weak &amp; shy' th "
" : periodic reminder that virtually every brand that sells American women  positivity sells a range of chemical laden"
" I agree Daktari. But isn't there a better way to make use of this habit? Betting is in Europe. Asian "
" THE BOTTOM LINE IS THAT EITHER OF THE #WHITE #AMERICAN GROUP MUST TAKE THE #LEAD &amp; WORK WITH #ASIAN "
"  Most people who meet me for the first time, I think, either expect an American accent or an Asi "
"$10,290,018,513 Billion in American Aide in 5 Central American, 2 Middle East/Central Asian Countries"
"For ASU event info and updates go to "
" : ALSO: No more hyphen in African American, Asian American.  hyphens serve to divide even when they are meant to conne"
"Really excited to find out about  - so many fantastic articles, critiques and insights- like this one: "
"Correct me if I wrong - not a single Asian-American or Asian person on this list? "
"since it asian pacific american heritage month my uni brought people to show us all of the dances from the differ "
" : No hyphen in African American, Asian American and other dual heritage terms. #ACES2019 #ACESAPStyle"
" : De Blasio seeks to discriminate while pretending not to. He want to scrap the standardized test and grant automatic admiss"
" : IN the STUDIO// Tracings// This week we rehearsed at the beautiful  for our special performance of Tracings at T"
" : I have a feeling there'll be Asian dates (rest of July) and American dates (August) for LM5 tour but that's just me"
"De Blasio seeks to discriminate while pretending not to. He want to scrap the standardized test and grant automatic "
" : New in our  Asian American will no longer take a hyphen"
" : I wholeheartedly endorse  for City Treasurer, who would become the first Asian American elected to citywide o"
"New in our  Asian American will no longer take a hyphen"
"The other day I had one of my Asian friends offer me an internship at her company as an actor to do a commercial fo "
"Visit, Learn, Engage! ://t.co/xRcU4HKuw5 "
"Going to a dumb, sad, LIBERAL COLLEGE, but I go in a REAL AMERICAN car made IN AMERICA. Snowflakes hate it, they on "
" : Excited to attend the Indiana Asian American conference here at ! Conference is sponsored by  and"
" FYI: For the legal forms we have to fill out, the options for RACE are: American Indian or Alaska Nati "
"UPDATE: LumiScript has redirected its focus from Asian American media to different social topics and interest piece "
" : I writing a piece for TIME on Asian Pacific Heritage Month. It will be about cherry blossoms, my love for MISS SAIGON,"
" Twister also had an uncredited? South Asian-American woman with short hair and glasses who ran int "
"Asian Pacific Islander Desi American &amp; Raza Grad Celebrations are full &amp; we took the links down.  left in B "
" : I don't care if you are gay, bisexual, trans, asexual, non-binary, Muslim, Jewish, Black, White, Asian, straight, a man, a w"
"So I got mistaken as a Native American??? I don think I look remotely like that?? I Asian gosh dangit!!"
" : I can understand the need for the all (white) American story for a sense of belonging. Let's move forward and talk about"
" : Join us TOMORROW at the Opening Ceremony for Asian Pacific American Heritage Month! Free food &amp; promo items will be provided "
"... the world would like to know whether this Asian American male abstract hate criminal just tried to convince Ame "
"Commr Ricker started off her #MondayMorning with  for #AsianMNAtTheCapitol. Thanks to the Coalition of Asian "
"Asian Americans are nationally infamous to American medicine for bullying and intimidating Jewish American physicia "
" : American commitments to Asian and European allies require more risk and sacrifice than commitments to Israel, writes "
" : This is not an  American country  is not a Jewish country is not an Asian country. is not a Mexican"
"Hello Hawks! 've entered Asian Pacific American Heritage Month here in the SDEI office!  APAH Mon "
"Maraming salamat to the organizers of the Coalition for the Revitalization of Asian American Studies at Hunter (CRA "
" : Farewell to the Controversial Hyphen in Asian "
"Latest criminal obstacle to accessing medical care. Nixon target; narrative trigger warning. Anti-Semitic Asian Ame "
" : UIC will commemorate Asian American Awareness Month this April with a series of programs that will honor our Asian cultures,"
"132%??!!  Wow, thank you everyone!!! This is amazing!  We have less than 24 hours to go but if you still want t "
" :  (That probable means a lot of your great grandparents, MAGAs.). City bears the imprint of every Irish, Ge"
"Penumbra Theatre is proud to partner with Theater Mu, the largest Asian-American theater in the Midwest, for our up "
" (That probable means a lot of your great grandparents, MAGAs.). City bears the imprint of every Irish, "
"Feature on a new film Starring Eva Noblezada, Princess Punzalan, and... "
" : Changes in  announced at #ACES2019 include many on race: Call an act racist, not a person; no hyphens in African"
"Don be a FOOL and miss out all the exciting events coming this month as part of Asian American &amp; Pacific Islander "
"  Thank you so much --this essay was a labor of love and the result of many years of me th "
"Yasss. A Round-Up of Awesome Asian American Protagonists in YA Lit "
"Join us TOMORROW at the Opening Ceremony for Asian Pacific American Heritage Month! Free food &amp; promo items will be "
"Asian American Hotel Owners Association : Boycott terror state supporter singer  aslam in AAHOA. - Sign the P "
" : I writing a piece for TIME on Asian Pacific Heritage Month. It will be about cherry blossoms, my love for MISS SAIGON,"
" : Need suggestions of short fiction (any genre) w/ good to excellent descriptions of ppl from marginalized backgrounds. Spec"
" : Having been confused with another Asian American reader while reading at AWP and witnessing Javier Zamora being confused fo"
"    The UK got 99 problems, but middle-aged Asian-American fema "
" : Changes in  announced at #ACES2019 include many on race: Call an act racist, not a person; no hyphens in African"
" : There a lot of nuance in the African diaspora:-Latinx. African-American. Afro-Asian. call myself Afro-Filipi"
"Changes in  announced at #ACES2019 include many on race: Call an act racist, not a person; no hyphens "
" : Asian American and Pacific Islander Heritage Month may be nationally celebrated in May, but  celebrates it dur"
"  Hm. Using an American social media platform on an Asian-made computing device to complain "
"Some of you haven't realized this asian-american woman who is very goofy and really has a big daddy energy named Gr "
"The American Dream is the mofia, white, Italian, Russian, Asian, workers union, black. All irruption and greed and "
" : Our district is home to a large Asian American and Pacific Islander community, and it's a community whose voices have hi"
" : April is National #MinorityHealthMonth. The Lupus Research Alliance recognizes that although lupus can affect anyone  i"
" : This is not an  American country  is not a Jewish country is not an Asian country. is not a Mexican"
" : Ladies and gentlemen, last night I got to hear Oakland City Councilwoman Sheng Thao speak! a force!  you "
"This is not an  American country  is not a Jewish country is not an Asian country. is not a "
" Why say Lowest ever black, Hispanic, Asian, and female unemployment rate? why not say all American c "
" About my little town, Port Angeles The racial makeup of the city was 88.9% White, 0.8% African Americ "
" : After touring the South Asian giant lately, American travel blogger Drew Binsky narrates  is everything free in #P"
"This U. S. Marine recognizes that it is not black,nor white, nor Asian,nor Hispanic, nor Male, nor Female, or Repub "
"Minh Le and Andie Tong's Green Lantern: Legacy is set debut DC's first Asian American Green Lantern. In the graphic "
"11. Just realized that I didn't mention Asian American rep! Only #ownvoices I saw was 's When The Mountain "
" : Just finished my final project for my Asian American Studies class; the criteria was 4 panels + 10 pages on themes covere"
" : East Asian Twitter: please suggest your reign names for American presidents."
" : Kundiman Forever is live! Build your donation to Kundiman today to build Asian American literature and community! d"
" : Need suggestions of short fiction (any genre) w/ good to excellent descriptions of ppl from marginalized backgrounds. Specif"
"Kundiman Forever is live! Build your donation to Kundiman today to build Asian American literature and community! "
" : Take a sneak peak at 's #Census2020 outreach and education campaign: #OurStoriesCount that will educate and engage the A"
"      Actually I don sit around and sta "
""
" : NEW POST - The Archival Spark: A Conversation On Re-imagining &amp; Remembering Connections To South Asian American Life, with"
"Join us on April 8th for a special event featuring author , Professor of Religion and East Asian La "
" : tomorrow join us and HAPIA for a discussion on the fetishization of asian-american/pacific islander (AAPI) folks! (kpop stan"
"IN the STUDIO// Tracings// This week we rehearsed at the beautiful  for our special performance of T "
" : Leah Hing was the first American born Chinese American woman to earn a pilot's license. During #WWII she worked as an inst"
" : Among today's  announcements: Terms like Asian American are no longer hyphenated! The hyphen dates to the 19th c"
" : I wholeheartedly endorse  for City Treasurer, who would become the first Asian American elected to citywide o"
" Maybe in the near distant future I kind of want to do op eds from an Asian American perspective"
"I can understand the need for the all (white) American story for a sense of belonging. Let's move forward and tal "
" You know half of the time, people in Asian countrys get American clothes that say things in English be "
"Having been confused with another Asian American reader while reading at AWP and witnessing Javier Zamora being con "
" :    Hi fellow Highlander, EU, South American and Asian residents we speak to in our"
"Our new meal pot debuts today! It a diverse blend of our other pots and full of Asian, Indian, and American (but "
" : US #Senator Mazie Hirono is the first female Asian-American senator, the first US senator born in #Japan and the first"
"Using the hyphen may be grammatically correct but it implies that the hyphenated person is less than a full-bloode "
" : Andrew Yang sat down with HuffPost to discuss his heritage and the struggle to find his identity.  think that what gav"
" : Kalau kalian pengen tau kenapa agnezmo susah untuk rilis lagu, coba baca disini://t.co/Lk926mMuVq"
" : When I hear something like the above, I can certainly relate. There were so few books featuring Asian or Asian-American c"
"Asian American and Pacific Islander Heritage Month may be nationally celebrated in May, but  celebrat "
" chakrabarty's the climate of history: four theses for asian american lit!"
" Tenyata udah beberapa dekade rasisme terhadap asia dan udh bbrapa artis asia dr jaman dulu yg ingin tem "
"Last day to register for tomorrow's #NationalAsianArtistsProject's NYC open call. All characters are Asian/Asian-Am "
" Please tell your dad that he inspires me endlessly as an Asian American teenager who wants to enter int "
" : What types of racial messages protect Asian American adolescents from discrimination? A new study investigated how dif"
"Quit Harping on US Aid to Israel commitment to Asian &amp; European allies requires more risk &amp; sacrifice. (1)://t.co/GNw6KpKKED"
"THURS APR 4 6p. Join as we examine how Crazy Rich Asians and its reception is reflective of the mainstream Asian-Am "
" : Happy #TransDayOfVisibility #TDOV 'm Noel, I'm an Asian American trans artist who has a love of writing and making colorful"
"For an Asian-American Family, the Cost of Education "
"Wanna thank  for including me on yesterday Super Asian American panel with , , "
"The Archival Spark: A Conversation On Re-imagining &amp; Remembering Connections To South Asian American Life "
" : I writing a piece for TIME on Asian Pacific Heritage Month. It will be about cherry blossoms, my love for MISS SAIGON,"
"Asian American Night - Mark your calendars! Asian American Night is coming up on April 26th! "
"DCMP April Newsletter - #AutismAwarenessMonth;  American and Pacific Islander Heritage Month; : eLearnin "
"Students of colour are more likely than whites to have unmet need; however, among racial/ethnic minorities, Asian A "
"The countdown is on! It's the last month to get early bird tickets to #AsiaInAmerica blowout party celebrating "
"tomorrow join us and HAPIA for a discussion on the fetishization of asian-american/pacific islander (AAPI) folks! ( "
" : I wholeheartedly endorse  for City Treasurer, who would become the first Asian American elected to citywide o"
"I wholeheartedly endorse  for City Treasurer, who would become the first Asian American elected to c "
"One needs a special level of obliviousness to use a recent example of the 737 Max plane crash by an Asian airline, "
"Tonight as part of Graduate Student Appreciation Week, the Asian American Cultural Center and the Women's Center ar "
""
"[JOIN US]: Celebrate Asian Pacific American Heritage Month 05.03 - "
"SIU CELEBRATES ASIAN AMERICAN/PACIFIC ISLANDER HERITAGE  MONTH IN APRIL kicks off Asian American/Pacific Island "
"  Can relate. I am an averagely-sized South East Asian, but am tiny compared to Europe "
" : This Tuesday, shake off your #AWP19 hangover + come to the dual book launch for amazing poets  + "
"I writing a piece for TIME on Asian Pacific Heritage Month. It will be about cherry blossoms, my love for MISS SA "
" : After touring the South Asian giant lately, American travel blogger Drew Binsky narrates  is everything free in #P"
"New Asian American theatre group in Boston! #APIDrama #ChangeTheStage #RepresentationMatters "
" : Happy #TransDayOfVisibility #TDOV 'm Noel, I'm an Asian American trans artist who has a love of writing and making colorful"
"East Asian Twitter: please suggest your reign names for American presidents."
" Black, White, Hispanic, Asian, Muslim etc., Once you become citizen, you are American.  Keep your oath. C "
" : Sandra Oh celebrates being an 'Asian-Canadian-American' in her #SNL opening monologue "
"  No to mention a gay asian-american"
"An extraordinary piece of writing by Dao Xiong as part of the Asian American Writers Workshop prison literature po "
"Excited to briefly present on some of my research on the multiracial Communist organization which the second half o "
" : Farewell to the Controversial Hyphen in Asian "
" I know you dont read direct tweets to you, you're way to busy. I just wanted to ask you if you noticed t "
"Take a sneak peak at 's #Census2020 outreach and education campaign: #OurStoriesCount that will educate and "
"I'm trying to imagine a scenario where I'm sleep deprived and describe Central American countries as Mexican. Or "
"Heading to the Capitol this morning for Asian American DAC with  hope to meet Speaker  and Sen "
"Farewell to the Controversial Hyphen in Asian "
"At #ACES2019 last week,  announced  will no longer hyphenate Asian American and other dual "
" certain states, the Asian-American vote is enough to help make that margin of victory. "
"UConn is hosting an undergrad ethnic studies colloquium at Hartford on April 20th. As an alumna of a private instit "
"  baseball the way it was played in... What do you mean here: strategically? tactically? he "
"Not just one, but  new exciting events for you to choose from this week, for APIDA Month! Exploring Mental Health "
" do you accept female trainees or from other countries that aren't asian or american like lebanon fo "
"UIC will commemorate Asian American Awareness Month this April with a series of programs that will honor our Asian "
"Because masa first smpai LA, our driver was really friendly and helpful and the driver is american.. while yesterda "
" : April is National #MinorityHealthMonth. The Lupus Research Alliance recognizes that although lupus can affect anyone  i"
" Look it up, there are THREE Dem candidates this year saying they are for reparations, it a Asian ca "
"April is National #MinorityHealthMonth. The Lupus Research Alliance recognizes that although lupus can affect anyon "
" : Being Asian American means having none of the privileges but all the scapegoating by politicians and the media. We t"
" : School Shooter, a strong incel icon. Asian-american. Disabled (has autism). Queer. Honestly and truly an inspiration for the"
" Very bantayan nyo pH military American dahil may binabalak yan Para linlangain tayo entinal Asian jews people parish"
"      If you are trying to bring politic "
""
" :    Hi fellow Highlander, EU, South American and Asian residents we speak to in our"
" :  For Asian countries &amp; the rest, Pavlovian trade conditioning by #China appears to be working but it is go"
" : Need suggestions of short fiction (any genre) w/ good to excellent descriptions of ppl from marginalized backgrounds. Spec"
"  // She'll still be Asian American. Bc her last name is Song, that means her father is Korean "
" :  I'm a South Asian/Bengali American citizen and I'm on Mussolini's granddaughter's side...not the postmodern"
" I'm a South Asian/Bengali American citizen and I'm on Mussolini's granddaughter's side...not the postm "
"  Oh celebrated being an 'Asian-Canadian-American' during her SNL opening monologue://t.co/OKXsG1ztx2"
" : Many white Americans find it shocking to hear the word  said with disdain... Asian Americans feel this tension cons"
"Black girls are perceived as knowing more about sex, and needing less protection. I think we see these perception "
"In other words I float: Black, Afro-Asian, African-American, Filipina, Afro-Filipina.  float because I can.  Al "
" : #InaccessibilityMeans worrying about being caught for piracy prior to rise of Netflix because European and Asian bootlegger"
"There a lot of nuance in the African diaspora:-Latinx. African-American. Afro-Asian. call myself Afro-Fil "
" Coba dibaca ini juga kenapa 88rising bisa tenar semoga mencerahkan kepalamu ://t.co/ZT8FgcPZSQ"
"  I think it's definitely an American culture think, because from my time spent teaching an "
"This is what outsourcing is. I invite every single person that was worth a single grain of salt in Canada to flee t "
" : Harris would be the first African-American woman and the first Asian-American woman to be a major-party nominee for pr"
" : Our district is home to a large Asian American and Pacific Islander community, and it's a community whose voices have hi"
"Harris would be the first African-American woman and the first Asian-American woman to be a major-party nominee for "
"Meanwhile  our interim chancellor and interim provost seem poised to destroy the centers and institutes "
" For Asian countries &amp; the rest, Pavlovian trade conditioning by #China appears to be working but it "
" : AP's entry for dual heritage says to drop the hyphen in such terms as African American and Asian American. "
"We are proud to announce that our very own Director of the Asian American Cultural Center has decided to put her na "
" :  are you from? your asian. Where are you fromm.. Bio: Born in San Francisco, Raised in Westla"
"Asian American Theatre Artists of Boston and API Arts Network proudly present a FREE staged reading of THIS IS NOT "
"Damon: Pick your meal. You`ve got Asian fusion... Mexican... What about some good old American comfort food"
" : . members: Japanese-American activists fold paper cranes to show solidarity at Texas detention facility http"
"Looking forwards to the final works  ://t.co/oOtqVSYWm9#fnsalways #FuelPump  #fuelpumpunit #Asian "
" : Thanks American Asian Latino Film Festival NYC! Festival #62 #astheearthturns #filmfestivals #filmdirectors #filmmusic #film"
" :   Being an Cassiopeia, no. DBSK and Suju paved the way to bring kpop out of the country to nearby As"
" : The Global Filipino United Methodists Movement will collaborate with the Asian American Language Ministry, an initiative"
"  Oh celebrated being an 'Asian-Canadian-American' during her SNL opening monologue://t.co/vg72NEJXbO"
" : Being Asian American means having none of the privileges but all the scapegoating by politicians and the media. We t"
" Coba baca inih "
"    btw we tamilians don't use a lot of coconut but ofcour "
" :    Hi fellow Highlander, EU, South American and Asian residents we speak to in our"
" : After touring the South Asian giant lately, American travel blogger Drew Binsky narrates  is everything free in Pa"
" : Need suggestions of short fiction (any genre) w/ good to excellent descriptions of ppl from marginalized backgrounds. Spec"
"Mickey vickey  singsong rhyming epithet has been used by some black people in reference a Korean #American or other #Asian #American"
" : When I hear something like the above, I can certainly relate. There were so few books featuring Asian or Asian-American c"
"   I never heard any of those people, the most I see for Asian representati "
" Hey Dank! Saw your vid on Roof Koreans. May I suggest another bad motherfucker who is also Asian? "
" asian and american dates NEXT!!!"
"In no world was I going to watch Hellboy, and I'm months behind, but I'm so confused that a white man dropped out o "
"Confession: this band wasn't started to celebrate Asian/Asian American culture, but rather to expose the political "
"I can believe we had 3 Asian American women host this season! via /r/asianamerican "
" : Sandra Oh celebrates being an 'Asian-Canadian-American' in her #SNL opening monologue "
"The Kiss Quotient Hoang's book offers an amazing Asian-American story which has a smart heroine who takes on "
" : The Lee/Kwak family of #Baltimore has generously offered a $500 matching donation for TODAY ONLY! Today, every dollar"
"The Lee/Kwak family of #Baltimore has generously offered a $500 matching donation for TODAY ONLY! Today, every doll "
" : F&amp;S Always extended our oxygen sensor line for all of the vehicles. Supply full ranges of #OxygenSensors #LambdaSensors #Wid"
" : After touring the South Asian giant lately, American travel blogger Drew Binsky narrates  is everything free in #P"
"Chinese,European,American,Asian beauties are waiting for you"
"    Well that's the difference mentality of Asian &amp; American so called "
"Chinese,European,American,Asian beauties are waiting for you"
"After touring the South Asian giant lately, American travel blogger Drew Binsky narrates  is everything free in "
" : School Shooter, a strong incel icon. Asian-american. Disabled (has autism). Queer. Honestly and truly an inspiration for the"
"why do all asian american dudes who listen to joji look like they say the n-word at parties"
" : #InaccessibilityMeans worrying about being caught for piracy prior to rise of Netflix because European and Asian bootlegger"
"  celebrated being an 'Asian-Canadian-American' during her SNL opening monologue://t.co/liZOEieob1"
" Yeah, they saying it doesn look natural on you because you wouldn grow blonde hair naturally, j "
" : In Jackie Dallas' short film PROUD, an Asian-American woman finally learns to embrace her ethnic heritage while growing up i"
"C Asian North American Korean Feminist Cona Marshall, Michigan State University Neo-Pragmatism and Religious BoundariesSaturday,1:00 PM:30"
"  Oh celebrated being an 'Asian-Canadian-American' during her SNL opening monologue://t.co/C5QB7Y7wqx"
" :  are you from? your asian. Where are you fromm.. Bio: Born in San Francisco, Raised in Westla"
"after more than 20 job interviews in startups there were only 1-2 jobs I actually would have liked to do... however "
"After touring the South Asian giant lately, American travel blogger Drew Binsky narrates  is everything free in "
"After touring the South Asian giant lately, American travel blogger Drew Binsky narrates  is everything free in "
"   Hi fellow Highlander, EU, South American and Asian residents we speak "
" : Indeed. African, American Indian, Hispanic, Asian and Aboriginal populations are known to suffer from higher rates of d"
"Ugh..another book about how white ppl/america=good &amp; asian ppl/asian countries=bad written by another asian-america "
" : I have a feeling there'll be Asian dates (rest of July) and American dates (August) for LM5 tour but that's just me"
"   For example, Asian Americans have the highest median household income even ab "
" : Our district is home to a large Asian American and Pacific Islander community, and it's a community whose voices have hi"
" That is awesome! American of Asian ancestry. Loved my time in the Army. Got the Business degree . Rog "
" :   Baca ini juga beb  ://t.co/BobjKRpJ29"
"  NZDF are training with their North American  to repel any refugees of climate cr "
" : Andrew Chatfield offers a transnational approach to South Asian studies of anti-imperialism &amp; anti-colonialism. Here he"
"According to a quick google search, the avg. cost of a traditional American wedding is about 36k. According to my g "
"she really said it was sad that asian american actors were limited to playing their own ethnicity?? and then compar "
"    That is the fundamental problem right now with American diplomacy. "
"I just found a web series that goes in on topics about Asian/ Asian-American representation + discrimination  I screaming."
" : Happy #TransDayOfVisibility #TDOV 'm Noel, I'm an Asian American trans artist who has a love of writing and making colorful"
" : Me, a China writer having lived in both America and China:  racism in China but nobody ever talks about it-Ame"
" Your Dad is the Original Asian American. He been blown up for 30 years. But I know thanks to you and "
""
"  This is horrifying but I thank you for sharing it so I can be educated &amp; learn. I'v "
"Growing up Asian-American, I firmly believe that fostering cross-cultural understanding is important to human kindn "
" Yea but I bet it harder for you since the average Asian is shorter than the average American"
" : Screaming match between right-wing zealot US senator and AG Barr scuttles nomination of Asian-American woman "
" : When a subject heritage is relevant, it important to respect the source preference. For example, someone who is Asian Am"
"It took 12 seconds for an Asian person to ask me why Asians aren represented in Boulder policing conversation. "
" : What types of racial messages protect Asian American adolescents from discrimination? A new study investigated how dif"
"What types of racial messages protect Asian American adolescents from discrimination? A new study investigated how "
" : . members: Japanese-American activists fold paper cranes to show solidarity at Texas detention facility http"
" : Who is allowed the American Dream? wrote about the diversity problem at NYC's specialized high schools, the SHSAT con"
" : Why diversity matters in comics: so you can see Asian American superheroes fighting over the restaurant check. Thanks, "
"Chinese,European,American,Asian beauties are waiting for you"
" : Happy #TransDayOfVisibility #TDOV 'm Noel, I'm an Asian American trans artist who has a love of writing and making colorful"
" : In Jackie Dallas' short film PROUD, an Asian-American woman finally learns to embrace her ethnic heritage while growing up i"
" : Sandra Oh celebrates being an 'Asian-Canadian-American' in her #SNL opening monologue "
"I struggled with my identity as an Asian American while living in a predominately white town. I still struggli "
"Happy #TransDayOfVisibility #TDOV 'm Noel, I'm an Asian American trans artist who has a love of writing and makin "
" : Need suggestions of short fiction (any genre) w/ good to excellent descriptions of ppl from marginalized backgrounds. Specif"
" : Kalau kalian pengen tau kenapa agnezmo susah untuk rilis lagu, coba baca disini://t.co/Lk926mMuVq"
"   The test isn broken- the schools system is. It all about how much preparatio "
"  Anyone who believes the Asian American son of Taiwanese immigrants is secretly a proponent "
" : It okay to be white. okay to be black. okay to be Asian. okay to be Hispanic. okay to be Native A"
" What is a tragedy is that the educational achievement gap is not addressed by copying what Asian A "
"The Asian American community really is a dumpster fire of ideology and I don't have the energy to try making it better"
"Since Fyre Festival alienated rich American kids, I guess they're trying their hand at rich Asian kids now? "
" America is a great country and despite overt discrimination against Asian American kids in elite c "
"     population is Canadian. The second large "
" Thank you! Most Asian American parents I see here are more along my lines than the Amy Chua Tiger "
"AT THIS POINT I OUGHT TO JUST PRETEND TO BE HALF JAPANESE CAUSE I KNOW MORE JP THAN CN SO OLDER PEOPLE DONT ASSUME "
"Tbh i dont get cultural appropriation sometimes...and i feel like it only affect ppl like asian american or african "
"that being said, i also recognize there's a lot of anti-blackness in certain asian-american cultures. as a chinese "
"this isn't that deep, but seeing Ikumi on  meant a lot to me as an Asian American. in mainstream me "
"My panelist, an Asian-American lady, complimented my presentation as  in front of an international audie "
" : NEW: Senate Dems want more #2020census language support for Asian Americans, Native Hawaiians, Pacific Islanders, Alaska N"
"High School  Production Wins Internet "
"   Well, for starters Canada and England being good is highly debatable. "
" : No hyphen in African American, Asian American and other dual heritage terms. #ACES2019 #ACESAPStyle"
" :  are you from? your asian. Where are you fromm.. Bio: Born in San Francisco, Raised in Westla"
"What's starting to sink in to me is how Asian parents have been naming their kids American names so they can fit in "
" :  the drop of our third and final batch of 'FIRST TIMES' submissions  stories written by members of our Asia"
"So today my brother had a soccer tournament and during his break in between the two games ONE OF HIS TEAMATES TAKES "
" : American commitments to Asian and European allies require more risk and sacrifice than commitments to Israel, writes "
"Day 31: Clara Chan Lee and Emma Tom Leung. In 1911, they were the Asian American women to register to vote in the U "
"I honestly believe that the American movie industry has nothing on the Asian movie industry this is the second movi "
"Please don't belittle Asian American parents or their kids. We should be offered up as examples for being emulated, "
"When White liberals diss Asian American kids doing well in standardized tests what they don't see is the human effort and drama behind it."
"Chinese,European,American,Asian beauties are waiting for you"
"Chinese,European,American,Asian beauties are waiting for you"
"Chinese,European,American,Asian beauties are waiting for you"
"American commitments to Asian and European allies require more risk and sacrifice than commitments to Israel, write "
" : Need suggestions of short fiction (any genre) w/ good to excellent descriptions of ppl from marginalized backgrounds. Spec"
"Kamala Harris, the daughter of a Jamaican father and an Indian mother, would be not only the first woman, but the f "
"being asian america is so weird cause u dont really belong anywhere-- despite me speaking perfect english this dude "
" Shame/honor culture is the dominant culture in Hawaii. Protecting honor and dignity is a core value of Nat "
" It's American African.  If you were born in the US, ot is American first and then your heritage fo "
"without drawing directly from the global automotive manufacturers product range which fit european asian &amp; north am "
"how bout instead of 10 pts for Vietnamese American.  pts: Asian American(not sure if this will actually make any difference or nah )"
"- Understand criminals from different demographics such as Asian gang mobsters and understand examples such as the "
"Chinese,European,American,Asian beauties are waiting for you"
" i really hope to make them understand that i can handle what i want to do and that it'll be beneficial "
"  Coba baca ini bung disitu djelaskan gmna artis naungan 88rising tapi disitu juga ada "
"And for the record, there are a lot of asshole black, hispanic, asian, indigenous American, etc. people. But regard "
"  Baca ini juga beb  ://t.co/BobjKRpJ29"
" :       There is American civilization."
"      There is American civilization "
" Coba baca ini juga... Tragis musisi asia di US, trmasuk 88rising://t.co/BobjKRpJ29"
" : We all know one. Straight White Men (2017) by Young Jean Lee was the first play by an Asian American playwright produced"
" 90%!!!! only thing I missed is I'm not Asian-American, I'm a few shades north of bleached snowball I'm so white lmao"
" : Members of an Asian-American GOP political group that Yang belonged to even began to worry that their group could be used"
"         "
"  I an Asian American (Korean) and I get called a white supremacist online all day pur "
"  That's not the point int.  The point is, if a Black, Asian, or Native American said HALF of "
"Goodnight to all my Asian women and my African American women"
" : This clown. This is what happens when you know nothing about the wealth disparity in the asian American community. Or the"
" White immigrants like that are STUPID i know lots of white immigrants on stolen Native American land "
" If a Latino, Asian, Native American has same opinion as Caucasian is that still white splaining?    N "
" I'm Asian American and  had to study for hours! nycmayor. Chancellor"
". Bro this is sooooo racist ..i was hit with a flush headkick Yusuff said I was like, whoa. If i wasn "
" : The Asian American community is growing in the Midwest. This also means the Asian American electorate is growing and becoming"
" : Break the Silence is an Asian and Asian American mental health conference hosted by UChicago Taiwanese American Student Ass"
" : #InaccessibilityMeans worrying about being caught for piracy prior to rise of Netflix because European and Asian bootlegger"
"2. What are you confused about, or, alternatively what do you want to learn more about? would be helpful to anal "
"  Whitesplaining-when you want to be use race as an insult.    a white person agrees with you "
"Okay, well I okay with  getting rid of the hyphens for dual identity (i.e.: Filipino American, Asian American)."
"Kamala Harris, the daughter of a Jamaican father and an Indian mother, would be not only the first woman, but the f "
"Point of note: 3 Asian American women have hosted SNL this year."
" : School Shooter, a strong incel icon. Asian-american. Disabled (has autism). Queer. Honestly and truly an inspiration for the"
" : Yknow if you do an indian, Asian, Hispanic, African American accent impersonation it's considered racist and insensitive"
" : Our district is home to a large Asian American and Pacific Islander community, and it's a community whose voices have hi"
" : Kalau kalian pengen tau kenapa agnezmo susah untuk rilis lagu, coba baca disini://t.co/Lk926mMuVq"
" 19, 63,839 homeless people, 15,492 families 22,938 homeless children. 74% higher than it was ten years "
" it's a real cute coming-of-age romance with an Asian American female lead and I'm just like ... ... ... wyd"
" for  on . So proud of everything she's accomplished this year. Just amazing #SandraOh  "
" : Closing out #WonderCon2019 on a very positive and inspiring note with the  Asian American panel. Thank you, "
"  needs to attend as community service for his racial gesture against  #yudarvish. "
"    UC Berkeley. AB in East Asian Languages.  My dabblings in American polit "
" : #InaccessibilityMeans worrying about being caught for piracy prior to rise of Netflix because European and Asian bootlegger"
"  Maybe, judge the man on the 75+ derailed policies outlined on his website over who supports "
" : Our district is home to a large Asian American and Pacific Islander community, and it's a community whose voices have hi"
" : Sandra Oh celebrates being an 'Asian-Canadian-American' in her #SNL opening monologue "
"#InaccessibilityMeans worrying about being caught for piracy prior to rise of Netflix because European and Asian bo "
"#mcom01 My final project will be on how asian american women are portrayed and broken down into three to sometimes "
"I once knew a Palestinian woman who told me that as a teenager she considered becoming a suicide bomber. If I can s "
"    Forcing me to call someone something I may not be comfortable with IS "
" And to your points, it's NH. The room had representative numbers of East Asian, Hispanic, Middle Easte "
" : Pretty cool: In the 47th Ward, which is almost 75% non-Hispanic white, Matt Martin (who's African-American) and Michael"
" Princess Phollen you don't need to be in such a place like  Asian women for european,australian,ca "
" : Hurting American citizens in Order to Hurt citizens-in-waiting people r on list for a green card, they are going thro"
" :  are you from? your asian. Where are you fromm.. Bio: Born in San Francisco, Raised in Westla"
" : School Shooter, a strong incel icon. Asian-american. Disabled (has autism). Queer. Honestly and truly an inspiration for the"
" : Ladies and gentlemen, last night I got to hear Oakland City Councilwoman Sheng Thao speak! a force!  you "
"Interview: American farmer expects U.S., China to ink trade deal before planting season - Xinhua "
"31.03.2019 Asian American Business Expo. "
"Comedian Sherry Cola is super underrated! A bisexual queen, who stars as an Asian-American lesbian, Alice in  "
"Share your Asian American story "
" : Need suggestions of short fiction (any genre) w/ good to excellent descriptions of ppl from marginalized backgrounds. Specif"
"I NOT RACIST IF I DON WANT TO HAVE A GIRLFRIEND THAT NATIVE AMERICAN. I WANT A WHITE, ASIAN, BLACK OR EVEN A "
" : Last night I saw Searching with John Cho as the first Asian-American to lead a thriller and tonight I am seeing Us with Bl"
"Ladies and gentlemen, last night I got to hear Oakland City Councilwoman Sheng Thao speak! a force!  "
"In Jackie Dallas' short film PROUD, an Asian-American woman finally learns to embrace her ethnic heritage while gro "
" : Oki I hoppin on this train lol.  - Jimin biased - Namjoon biaswrecker - sorbet &gt; creamy ice cream "
"But what if a West Wing style political procedural dramatic series starring  because this country needs an "
" : An Asian-Canadian_American   Oh celebrated being an 'Asian-Canadian-American' during her SNL opening monologu"
"  Don understand why people are surprised. Not a lot of Americans know their geograph "
"Ole VASA Culture Show explores living  the hyphen of Asian-American identity "
"yo imagine an asian american as president... yeah vote andrew yang for president"
"When I hear something like the above, I can certainly relate. There were so few books featuring Asian or Asian-Amer "
" : Need suggestions of short fiction (any genre) w/ good to excellent descriptions of ppl from marginalized backgrounds. Spec"
"For Labor 411, #WomensHistoryMonth is a time to recognize women of the labor movement, such as Velma Veloria, who a "
"My sister now ex-boyfriend is Asian American. my sister NOT ONLY likely cheated on this guy, but she ALSO is "
"  What?!!  There's an Asian/Asian-American caucus?!!! Where have I been?"
"  Here the info on our sessions   Hope to see you in November!  And "
"Sandra Oh becoming the 3rd Asian American woman to host SNL gives more representation for Asians on TV  #sjsuwoms "
"Interested in Asian American folks (specifically se Asian if therr are orgs in this area geared towards those) and "
" supports the Asian American Optometric Society as Platinum Sponsor of their Spring Educa "
" supports the Asian American Optometric Society as Platinum Sponsor of their Spring Educa "
" I so sorry you were so wrong. Latin American cuisine + Asian influences + tons of seafood? Delicio "
"I tried to type out a tweet about how much I love this local Asian buffet but I went over the character count....an "
"I watch American idol and sometimes I like it but then I remember that Maddie Poppe won and she sucks. Oh and they "
" : Why diversity matters in comics: so you can see Asian American superheroes fighting over the restaurant check. Thanks, "
"     Appreciate the conversation. Next time brin "
"Closing out #WonderCon2019 on a very positive and inspiring note with the  Asian American panel. Thank you, "
"Im currently in the process of educating myself more on being vietnamese american but I just think that too few of "
" : U.S. shale oil is being turned away by Asian buyers. In the case of American condensates, a type of ultra-light oil pumped i"
"Why does everyone not from the USA, have British accent, American movies that are not Asian all have British accents?"
"Native American activists say new South Dakota protest law hinders free speech ACLU has sued South Dakota on be "
"Mayor Bill de Blasio admits that he should have talked to Asian American leaders about his plans to diversify the s "
"I     Asian-Canadian-American. Here for all of the honour of being Asian.  "
"Dear America can we please bring back American Gladiators ... I love you Ninja Warrior but seeing Americans fro "
" : When Ballet Hisp takes the stage this month at the Joyce Theater in New York City, audiences will experience new works"
" initiative Changing Tides is bringing mental health awareness to the Asian American Community.  Their Hono "
" : Need suggestions of short fiction (any genre) w/ good to excellent descriptions of ppl from marginalized backgrounds. Spec"
"You seriously can expect anything less than a major ass kicking with Coach Brian at CrossFit Thornton. He is whip "
" : An Asian-Canadian_American   Oh celebrated being an 'Asian-Canadian-American' during her SNL opening monologu"
" : Need suggestions of short fiction (any genre) w/ good to excellent descriptions of ppl from marginalized backgrounds. Specif"
" Our district is home to a large Asian American and Pacific Islander community, and it's a community "
" : so true | For an Asian-American Family, the Cost of Education #parenting #asian #college"
" : School Shooter, a strong incel icon. Asian-american. Disabled (has autism). Queer. Honestly and truly an inspiration for the"
"so true | For an Asian-American Family, the Cost of Education #parenting #asian #college"
" : Patsy Mink was the first nonwhite and first Asian-American woman elected to Congress. She coauthored Title IX based on her own ex"
" Or post pics of their corpses bashed in.'m Korean and American. 's umpteen pics of atrocious things "
"  Yay! I look forward to seeing you there ! Check out the Asian/ Asian Amer "
"I'm glad to see a story that humanizes the Asian American experience in the . There is quite a lot to be sa "
" : When I interviewed him for Rapid Fire back in 1992, he told me how much he was looking forward to filming The Crow -- an"
" : When Ballet Hisp takes the stage this month at the Joyce Theater in New York City, audiences will experience new works"
"An Asian-Canadian_American   Oh celebrated being an 'Asian-Canadian-American' during her SNL opening monol "
" : In case you were wondering why #YangGang2020 is a thing and the American far-right (including white nationalist Richard"
" : Patsy Mink paved the way as the first Asian American woman and first non-white woman elected to Congress. We are all be"
" i dont like to go to asian nail salons because even tho theyre usually more talented than the american one "
" : Hello #VisibleWomen , I'm Robyn, an Asian-American creator from Hawaii!  My current project is Gourmet Hound, a slice-of-life"
"     1. Half White Half Asian American. Nonbinary Male. Teacher. 11. 6"
" :  are you from? your asian. Where are you fromm.. Bio: Born in San Francisco, Raised in Westla"
" : snatched off tl skfnds alike are we? __/100 - deku protection army - will die for bakudeku - asian/american"
" :  If any of you want this shirt wear your love for , pride in your community and to support "
" : Pretty cool: In the 47th Ward, which is almost 75% non-Hispanic white, Matt Martin (who's African-American) and Michael"
"#Asian Americans abruptly told Miss Saigon panel cancelled. #AAPI "
" For example, you are showing the clip from Scott Pilgrim, but in that movie, the asian girl it's jus "
" : Big thank you to director Caylee So for visiting  &amp; all the  to  for supporting Asian American/Pacifi"
""
"I go to a high school that mostly white, there are about 3 black kids, one Asian kid, two Native American kids, and "
" : No hyphen in African American, Asian American and other dual heritage terms. #ACES2019 #ACESAPStyle"
"Yesssss Queen  Sandra Oh celebrated being an 'Asian-Canadian-American' during her SNL opening monologue  "
"Guys! I got new info about The T-shirt! We can purchase and donate for East West Players nation's oldest Asian "
"When Ballet Hisp takes the stage this month at the Joyce Theater in New York City, audiences will experience n "
"Clarkson has his best game in his rookie season on March 24 2015 when he had 30 points and 7 assists in a loss to t "
" : Sandra Oh celebrates being an 'Asian-Canadian-American' in her #SNL opening monologue "
" : Artist Gang-Hyuk Lim and I are teaming Marvel's greatest Asian American superheroes up with Marvel's awesome new Asian charact"
" : OK, ladies and gents, this is what Leftist racism looks like in 2019. Only Black press allowed in a Georgia mayoral race"
" : School Shooter, a strong incel icon. Asian-american. Disabled (has autism). Queer. Honestly and truly an inspiration for the"
"I can believe this isn a requirement  teachers should be required to take classes such as African studie "
" : Sandra Oh celebrates being an 'Asian-Canadian-American' in her #SNL opening monologue "
"School Shooter, a strong incel icon. Asian-american. Disabled (has autism). Queer. Honestly and truly an inspiratio "
" : Need suggestions of short fiction (any genre) w/ good to excellent descriptions of ppl from marginalized backgrounds. Specif"
" : Need suggestions of short fiction (any genre) w/ good to excellent descriptions of ppl from marginalized backgrounds. Spec"
" : Is Harvard being racist? Watch this  video where Lee Cheng from the Asian American Legal Foundation explains."
" : Congrats to this year's winners of the ' Tribeca All Access program, which supports storytelling from un"
"just to create asian american characters so asian american youth can see themselves and know that its possible is "
"Need suggestions of short fiction (any genre) w/ good to excellent descriptions of ppl from marginalized background "
"Need suggestions of short fiction (any genre) w/ good to excellent descriptions of ppl from marginalized background "
"Sandra Oh dishes on her Asian Canadian heritage and now American citizenship on Saturday Night Live. #AAPI "
" : It okay to be white. okay to be black. okay to be Asian. okay to be Native American. okay to be fe"
" : Andrew Chatfield offers a transnational approach to South Asian studies of anti-imperialism &amp; anti-colonialism. Here he"
"  If one's ancestors are from China or Japan, they're Asian American or if from Ghana "
" : Screaming match between right-wing zealot US senator and AG Barr scuttles nomination of Asian-American woman "
" : happy #TDOV (they/he) from your local asian american "
" talks about his Robot Stories indie film (with an Asian American cast). An executive told him,  feels l "
"  while Reviving All That, let's just have the newest cast members like Asian American and Indian American, too."
"Yesterday some lady asked me if i was Native American. That was the first time i got that. It usually just white or Asian "
" : Big thank you to director Caylee So for visiting  &amp; all the  to  for supporting Asian American/Pacifi"
"Big thank you to director Caylee So for visiting  &amp; all the  to  for supporting Asian Ameri "
" How many Asian American pop groups and singers are there? Compare to blacks and whites."
"I interested in applying for an internship. They looking for people of color but based on the website/organiza "
" : Global sewers flush w/ superbugs. Internat'l team created a 'resistance map,' finding 1546 distinct bacterial species in"
" -  "
" Really?  How many Asian male leads you see in American movies. Compare to how many blacks."
"  I live in U.S. but I am Japanese-American. All of my Asian friends do not wear shoes in the house though. "
" : Our district is home to a large Asian American and Pacific Islander community, and it's a community whose voices have hi"
"I appreciate little things in life, like how my favorite boba place is playing Asian music after two years of Ameri "
" : Reminder that if you at Wondercon, , , , , and  I wanna hang with you"
" South American nations have lower cigarette consumption than the US, so it's not likely to hurt with t "
" : With language and cultural barriers, and stigma, it's tough getting mental health support as an Asian American (or any"
" : 1st of a 4 part series on retention of faculty of color at  From 2000-2016, 33% of African American, 6% o"
"It wouldn hurt to put an Asian American character in #onmyblock. I ready when you are  "
"  ur dad is an asian American woman?"
"        "
" : Pretty cool: In the 47th Ward, which is almost 75% non-Hispanic white, Matt Martin (who's African-American) and Michael"
"  Oh celebrated being an 'Asian-Canadian-American' during her SNL opening monologue://t.co/GkOjNI7uoU"
"  If...-The best actor for an originally black/Asian role happens to be white (again &amp; "
" : Patsy Mink paved the way as the first Asian American woman and first non-white woman elected to Congress. We are all be"
"Unbelievable... for an educated person outside the US to see mainstream channels do this...reminds me of a true inc "
"  No not true. If anyone abused a POC would be screaming for them to get reasonable sent "
"Sandra Oh celebrated being an 'Asian-Canadian-American' during her SNL opening monologue  "
"Pretty cool: In the 47th Ward, which is almost 75% non-Hispanic white, Matt Martin (who's African-American) and Mic "
"1st of a 4 part series on retention of faculty of color at  From 2000-2016, 33% of African American, "
"happy #TDOV (they/he) from your local asian american "
"During her Sunday speech, Abrams hailed the progress of:  Latino turnout  Asian Pacific Islander "
"JOB: Broomfield CO USA - Lead Automotive Service Technician American and Asian Repair Facility - We are l: We are l "
"A YouTube lawsuit should be a wake up call for Asian Americans. For far too long, Democrats have been taking Asian "
"I can add to that as Asian-American identity "
" : Come to our teach-in tonight on Miss Saigon!!  We had to take it to the streets after The Overture Center decided Asian Amer"
"Andrew Chatfield offers a transnational approach to South Asian studies of anti-imperialism &amp; anti-colonialism. Her "
" : We are here at Frist Campus Center  with the Asian American Students Association writing postcards (and drinki"
"I have a feeling there'll be Asian dates (rest of July) and American dates (August) for LM5 tour but that's just me"
" a missed opportunity. Think of the comedy that could of came from these two as the actual leads and their "
" :     /      : in Biomedicine and Pharmacy (ABP)"
"Sandra Oh celebrates being an 'Asian-Canadian-American' in her #SNL opening monologue "
"Native American activists say new South Dakota protest law hinders free speech ACLU has sued South Dakota on be "
"  Oh celebrated being an 'Asian-Canadian-American' during her SNL opening monologue://t.co/4psQO04w7R"
" not american, but south asian in europe: i'm first gen so my parents would have never thought about gi "
"When I interviewed him for Rapid Fire back in 1992, he told me how much he was looking forward to filming The Cr "
" : Re-read this tremendously beautiful essay today. Reminded me why as a South Asian American kid, I gravitated towards Bo"
"   At least Europe has some dates, i can't imagine how Asian or American Mixers feel it's so unfair"
"SAVE THE DATE!-winning documentary Call Her Ganda screening at URBANA! you to Dr. Kim Compoc for or "
" : Honored to share a #Wondercon2019 panel this afternoon with bona fide Asian American superheroes   "
" : Calling yourself disabled because you wear retainers is the equivalent of white people claiming to be Native American be"
" : Reminder that if you at Wondercon, , , , , and  I wanna hang with you"
" :  People call me American, but really I  Caucasian-American. everybody have to be compound American? exce"
" In a way you are still giving us some American news but u are right, more focus on Asian news channel "
" She's the gymnast who made me fall in love with gymnastics because she was the first Asian-American gymnast I ever watched!"
"egyptians saying they african american on the common app would be the same as me saying i asian american....uae is in asia isn it?"
"12 Asian &amp; Asian-American #Models Changing the Face of the Fashion Industry "
" : This Tuesday, shake off your #AWP19 hangover + come to the dual book launch for amazing poets  + "
" Western feminist women are a turn off. American men will look to Asian women who are much hotter."
"  And not just an Asian. A Japanese American 21 years after he and his family were bein "
" : Sandra Oh celebrates being an 'Asian-Canadian-American' in her #SNL opening monologue "
"There are levels to this justice game. As much as Black Americans, Latino Americans, &amp; Asian Americans feel cast to "
"The economy of the City of Coatesville &amp; the economy of Chester County PA is greatly supported by immigrants from S "
"Honored to share a #Wondercon2019 panel this afternoon with bona fide Asian American superheroes  "
"    If you look at the movies Hollywood puts out, I say yes. I c "
"Chinese,European,American,Asian beauties are waiting for you"
" A nonprofit that supports Asian American artists is selling the shirt! "
" : Here's why  All the Boys I Loved Before star  takes being a role model for young girls seriously especi"
" : How to really get into Harvard:. Bribes &amp; contacts: "
" : "
"4 Ways to Improve Access to Mental Health Services in Asian... "
"  But there are Asian American senators and representatives in US, &amp; it is a democratically ele "
" I think it would of been interesting to see an Asian American man and an African American woman as the "
" :  The classic Asian American thot who lumps a bunch of typical Asian things together and calls it her culture"
"Shopping in the supermarket tells you a lot about American perceptions. For example, cabbage is in the Asian sectio "
"  I think our poor schools may also be influenced by the recent arrival of Latin American immig "
" A person born in America would be an American no matter from what nation their parents come. S/he may "
" Top 6 American actors paid are 3 white,  2 blacks and an asian actor..seems like equality to me..."
"   ..   Korean American    Asian America Portland      "
" And Asian and North American ones?"
" : Patsy Mink was the first nonwhite and first Asian-American woman elected to Congress. She coauthored Title IX based on her own ex"
" : Our district is home to a large Asian American and Pacific Islander community, and it's a community whose voices have hi"
" : Next Thurs, 4/4 I will be part of a panel at  hosted by the graduate student org Asian Students In Alliance"
" To be fair, I am talking through the experience of my friends and I who are mostly Asian Canadian/A "
"  I suppose putting Iron Fist on the defensive fits that rubric. I love the fact that in the week "
"  I've been teaching for 13 years and have yet to hear from other Asian American English teac "
"Read Peter Nien-chu Kiang, Shirley Suet-ling Tang, &amp; Matthew Seto's awesome article Mission-Centered Engagement wi "
" : Enjoyed spending the afternoon holding a town hall with a group of incredible leaders from Las Vegas' Asian American and P"
" well that true.. at this point i guess they might add american / asian dates in the middle ugh "
" : CSU leaders met with  and members of the  to thank them for their support of Asian American and Pacific Isla"
"Mission: Panda Express American-Chinese restaurant mission is to deliver exceptional Asian dining experiences by bu "
"LOVE #SandraOh, last night's SNL not so much.  Oh celebrated being an 'Asian-Canadian-American' during her "
"This Tuesday, shake off your #AWP19 hangover + come to the dual book launch for amazing poets  + "
"Sponsorship packages available for the 40th Annual AAPI Celebration: "
" : New data shows Queens DA office makeup Roughly 30 percent of the ADAs were Latinx, black/African American or Asian, com"
" :  making sure that we, at the very least, paying attention to and visiting with a lot of these communities tha"
" making sure that we, at the very least, paying attention to and visiting with a lot of these communities "
"Today at Views From the Edge "
" :  are you from? your asian. Where are you fromm.. Bio: Born in San Francisco, Raised in Westla"
" : Susan Ahn Cuddy (1915-2015) female gunnery officer in the United States Navy. She joined the Navy in 1942 and served"
"Foreigners in Korea keep asking me why I'll say American words with an Asian accent and it's like just because I'm "
"     Or, people could express to writers, directors, "
"that great, now announce north american, south american and Asian tour dates pls "
" : Kalau kalian pengen tau kenapa agnezmo susah untuk rilis lagu, coba baca disini://t.co/Lk926mMuVq"
" : this why American school cant keep up with some Asian countries who are teaching HS/college courses in secondary grade levels"
"The truth is I don have any issues with my identity. It seems like other people feel that I should. The Asian Ame "
"bubble tea is a part of an asian-american lifestyle"
" : Japanese-American activists fold over 10,000 paper cranes to show solidarity at Texas detention facility "
"this why American school cant keep up with some Asian countries who are teaching HS/college courses in secondary gr "
" : I'll be at #NCTE too! I'm working with  and a panel of Asian American English Ts. My team from  is also"
"As I gotten older, I was ridiculed again however for not being  enough. This time it was because I enjoye "
"Sandra Oh celebrated being an 'Asian-Canadian-American' during her SNL opening monologue  "
"Japanese-American activists fold over 10,000 paper cranes to show solidarity at Texas detention facility "
"I'll be at #NCTE too! I'm working with  and a panel of Asian American English Ts. My team from "
" :  I will support a black woman, a white woman, a straight white male, a gay man, an Asian American male or a t"
"We all know one. Straight White Men (2017) by Young Jean Lee was the first play by an Asian American playwright pro "
""
" :  Give this Asian-Canadian-American a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Comedy Series! In sketch aft"
"Many white Americans find it shocking to hear the word  said with disdain... Asian Americans feel this te "
""
"    study after study shows it- here is one on harvard- "
"     You taking pitches for a Great Asian American Su "
"a nice sweet dear    Oh celebrated being an 'Asian-Canadian-American' during her SNL opening monologue://t.co/Fwai1NBWPU"
"If elected president, the daughter of a Jamaican father and an Indian mother would be not only the first woman, but "
" : April is Asian American and Pacific Islander Heritage Month at SIU Carbondale. There will be numerous special events includi"
" : The Asian American Association and Campus Events Board hosted the 3rd Annual 365 Night Market with fireworks, breakdanc"
" : Yknow if you do an indian, Asian, Hispanic, African American accent impersonation it's considered racist and insensitive"
" : My dad is 36 and a proud Asian American woman, pursuing a modeling career, and I never seen him happier. He told me he"
"My dad is 36 and a proud Asian American woman, pursuing a modeling career, and I never seen him happier. He told "
" People call me American, but really I  Caucasian-American. everybody have to be compound American? "
"  This is a beautiful relationship between asian and african american you bigots"
" : This timely collection of South Asian fiction features Reunion  a brilliant and optimistic #clifi story by American p"
" : U.S. shale oil is being turned away by Asian buyers. In the case of American condensates, a type of ultra-light oil pumped i"
" : Susan Ahn Cuddy (1915-2015) female gunnery officer in the United States Navy. She joined the Navy in 1942 and served"
"how similar are we? pts - asian-american  pts - 5 pts - multi pts - introvert  pts - str8 but sup "
"     You seriously have no clue. I far from "
" : Sandra Oh celebrates being an 'Asian-Canadian-American' in her #SNL opening monologue "
" : nothing makes me happier than sharing boba tea and alllll the food with fellow asian american poets"
" The economy of the City of Coatesville &amp; the economy of Chester County PA is greatly supported by immig "
"   that's a proud asian american woman for your information"
" : The Asian American Association and Campus Events Board hosted the 3rd Annual 365 Night Market with fireworks, breakdanc"
"nothing makes me happier than sharing boba tea and alllll the food with fellow asian american poets"
" : Mit dem Neffen ein paar Bilder gegoogelt, um sein Powerpoint-Referat zu den Kontinenten aufzupeppen. 'European', 'Afr"
" : Our district is home to a large Asian American and Pacific Islander community, and it's a community whose voices have hi"
"    Also, WHO ARE THOSE ASIAN COUNTRIES making shit for? Who owned the suppl "
" : As part of CAAM ongoing work to support emerging and established Asian American filmmakers, we are excited to announce 15 proje"
"DogAndRice3252. It was before I had self-respect as an Asian American.  "
"girl fiyi girls nude http:gaypornindonesian com naked girls in movies hardcore sexy photos of american  fucken movi "
"how similar are we? - asian - american - baekhyun is my ult - mainly sm stan - really tire "
" I Asian and I don see you that way at all. Also, I forget you not American. You seem more Amer "
" : Canada Sandra Oh celebrates being an 'Asian-Canadian-American' in her #SNL opening monologue "
"   In America, most people who PICK CROPS are. They're from across the Mexican "
"The Asian American Association and Campus Events Board hosted the 3rd Annual 365 Night Market with fireworks, break "
"Asian-American #Actors Are Fighting for Visibility. They Will Not Be Ignored. #Diversity #Whitewashing"
"Sandra Oh celebrated being an 'Asian-Canadian-American' during her SNL opening monologue  "
" : Kalau kalian pengen tau kenapa agnezmo susah untuk rilis lagu, coba baca disini://t.co/Lk926mMuVq"
" parents raise their children ignorant of the stress their expectations cause... Students are stretched so th "
" : Unrelated to anything, should I write a piece asking the rest of this country to please stop calling Asian American women adora"
" :  I will support a black woman, a white woman, a straight white male, a gay man, an Asian American male or a t"
"     Lol that's also my Native American gran "
" :  are you from? your asian. Where are you fromm.. Bio: Born in San Francisco, Raised in Westla"
"Eww, imagine applying for American citizenship?   Oh celebrated being an 'Asian-Canadian-American' during "
" : Sandra Oh celebrated being an 'Asian-Canadian-American' during her SNL opening monologue  "
"Screaming match between right-wing zealot US senator and AG Barr scuttles nomination of Asian-American woman "
" :   Oh celebrated being an 'Asian-Canadian-American' during her SNL opening monologue://t.co/g4ITXuUnLI"
" There is an Asian-American D.A. in Los Angeles County who committed insurance fraud in law school. "
" : When I hear something like the above, I can certainly relate. There were so few books featuring Asian or Asian-American c"
"  Oh celebrated being an 'Asian-Canadian-American' during her SNL opening monologue://t.co/g4ITXuUnLI"
" And the export most of their products to the EU. They now  that the Asian and American markets  "
" : she basically performed a whole concert for free?? it was also a meaningful performance for asian american representati"
" : No hyphen in African American, Asian American and other dual heritage terms. #ACES2019 #ACESAPStyle"
"seen this all over my tl so please,, anyone  pts: she-ra or tdp  pts: pansexual  pts: looooves books "
"Andrew Yang Talks Identity On The Campaign Trail, Growing Up Asian-American "
"  Oh celebrated being an 'Asian-Canadian-American' during her SNL opening monologue://t.co/juVzDi6zqY"
"When I hear something like the above, I can certainly relate. There were so few books featuring Asian or Asian-Amer "
" : This timely collection of South Asian fiction features Reunion  a brilliant and optimistic #clifi story by American p"
"I just backed Legacies: An Asian American Anthology on  "
"This timely collection of South Asian fiction features Reunion  a brilliant and optimistic #clifi story by Americ "
" : American kids introducing their boyfriend VS. Filipino/Asian kids introducing their boyprens  "
"Honestly one of my favorite books. I recommend to everyone not only bc of how well it captures the Asian American e "
"Sandra Oh celebrated being an 'Asian-Canadian-American' during her SNL opening monologue://t.co/GCt65XjpC2 i "
"A road movie starring a wayward Asian-American teen who follows her spouse's endless travels across the world to complete her PhD."
""
" Again, just research more to understand the difference between nationality, ethnicity and race.  Nati "
" :  AFTER THIS AMERICAN TOUR DROP THE ASIAN TOUR DATES SHSHH OLS"
" I agree that they aren the same thing but at the same time all I saying is that there are more r "
" : The 24th Annual Asian American Showcase is pleased to have  ASIA in our first ever comedy show!  Come check them out among"
"Does everything have to be about division and hate? Alexandria Whinzio-Cortez Says American Society Forces Women to "
"The 24th Annual Asian American Showcase is pleased to have  ASIA in our first ever comedy show!  Come check th "
" : Patsy Mink paved the way as the first Asian American woman and first non-white woman elected to Congress. We are all be"
" : CALL FOR APPLICANTS: Visiting Assistant Professor of U.S. multiethnic literature with a specialization in Asian American li"
" : Reminder that if you at Wondercon, , , , , and  I wanna hang with you"
"I hate when im watching documentaries on north korean defectors or anything about someone who is asian, that BBC or "
"The Asian-American population in the South has grown by 69 percent in the last decade. # vi "
" : National pride has evil consequences. Prefer pride in humanity. German pride gave us Hitler, American pride gave us Tru"
"Connie is American. #conniechung #womenshistorymonth #america #asian #drawing #illustration #usa #art "
" : Also revealed today: In 2016, When a Vietnamese American boy won a scholarship over a white boy, David Stringer told the"
"A #Midwest arts center apologizes for canceling a discussion panel  American Perspectives on #MissSaigon: Ste "
"Sandra Oh celebrated being an 'Asian-Canadian-American' during her SNL opening monologue  "
"Chinese,European,American,Asian beauties are waiting for you"
"Sandra Oh hosted Saturday Night Live this week love seeing my fellow Asian/Korean figures thrive in mainstream American media "
"Chinese,European,American,Asian beauties are waiting for you"
" : Amber Liu () is proud to be an androgynous Asian-American artist. Amber stars in Episode 3 of #Homecoming, premieri"
" : Well it finally here! The last episode of !  a journey it has been helping bring this show togethe"
" I get enough of that as an Asian American interacting with other Asian Americans."
"  Oh celebrated being an 'Asian-Canadian-American' during her SNL opening monologue://t.co/hAewnK6tkH"
" :  asked to mark her race she encounter options for white, black, Asian, American Indian and Native Hawaiian  but nothin"
" : Help us tell the Asian American story! Do you have home movies that show daily life and memorable events as lived for Asian Ameri"
" : Sorry  Love You: #AsianAmericans on #RuPaulsDragRace "
"CALL FOR APPLICANTS: Visiting Assistant Professor of U.S. multiethnic literature with a specialization in Asian Ame "
" : U.S. shale oil is being turned away by Asian buyers. In the case of American condensates, a type of ultra-light oil pumped i"
"The first Asian-American man to run for president as a Democrat "
" : Sandra Oh celebrates being an 'Asian-Canadian-American' in her #SNL opening monologue "
" : Being Asian American means having none of the privileges but all the scapegoating by politicians and the media. We t"
"  Why you shitting on asian people, can you just be a little happy that the diversity in "
" : Members of an Asian-American GOP political group that Yang belonged to even began to worry that their group could be used"
" : Our district is home to a large Asian American and Pacific Islander community, and it's a community whose voices have hi"
"snatched off tl skfnds alike are we? __/100 - deku protection army - will die for bakudeku - asian/am "
" : Reminder that if you at Wondercon, , , , , and  I wanna hang with you"
"     The economy has achieved the longest positive job-gr "
" It is incomprehensible for Fox News to understand country beyond America, Latin American countri "
"Reminder that if you at Wondercon, , , , , and  I wanna hang with "
"Candice: Awesome! Sandra Oh celebrated being an 'Asian-Canadian-American' during her SNL opening monologue  "
" : Submissions for THEY RISE LIKE A WAVE: An Anthology of Asian American Women Poets close on 31st March! If you're just fi"
"Wide array of screenings at Minneapolis St. Paul International Film Festival | Asian American Press "
" : It's about time.   Fong Eu, the 1st Asian American in the U.S. to serve in a state Legislature, will have the secreta"
"      So asian american couple is not suppor "
"Congrats to my favorite Asian-Canadian-American  on a job well done hosting SNL last night. "
"   Also 1st gen Asian American !! And so many other identitiesss"
" : Why is it that in porn, white females are more down to give asian men clout than the Asian female performers. This is a mircr"
" : Well it finally here! The last episode of !  a journey it has been helping bring this show togethe"
"Well it finally here! The last episode of !  a journey it has been helping bring this show tog "
"depressing reality where most native american / pro-black ig accts are facile, one-sentence-deep tshirt merch pages "
"The Asian &amp; American version of me. Told you I look different everyday. I recently got a haircut, so that gave it s "
"The Asian American community is growing in the Midwest. This also means the Asian American electorate is growing an "
" : Patsy Mink paved the way as the first Asian American woman and first non-white woman elected to Congress. We are all be"
" : No hyphen in African American, Asian American and other dual heritage terms. #ACES2019 #ACESAPStyle"
"Sandra Oh celebrated being an 'Asian-Canadian-American' during her SNL opening monologue  "
" Give this Asian-Canadian-American a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Comedy Series! I "
" : . members: Japanese-American activists fold paper cranes to show solidarity at Texas detention facility http"
"People call me American, but really I  Caucasian-American. everybody have to be compound American? except wh "
" :  Why wasn't Tayshia selected as the next Bachelorette?  Also, when are we finally going to see an Asian, Lati"
"Our district is home to a large Asian American and Pacific Islander community, and it's a community whose voices ha "
"Sandra Oh celebrated being an 'Asian-Canadian-American' during her SNL opening monologue  "
" People call me American, but really I  Caucasian-American.  everybody have to be compound America "
"Sandra Oh celebrated being an 'Asian-Canadian-American' during her SNL opening monologue  "
" I will support a black woman, a white woman, a straight white male, a gay man, an Asian American ma "
"          "
" : It also, in even the most progressive corners of this country, an acceptable variety of racism, one that dresses up its"
"Here on the West Coast where the weather is mild we have tons of 'homeless' most are alcoholics drug addicts or cli "
" : As part of CAAM ongoing work to support emerging and established Asian American filmmakers, we are excited to announce 15 proje"
" Asian Canadian American identity politics at its best"
"  Calm down.  Different law enforcement agencies use different categories for various reasons- rec "
"         "
"Sandra Oh celebrated being an 'Asian-Canadian-American' during her SNL opening monologue  "
" : On Mon I'm going on an 18-day heritage trip to Taiwan &amp; Japan with my Asian Mixed Am family. Still so much I haven't proc"
" :         I also keep this at the r"
"How was MISS SAIGON for many years the primary source of jobs for Asian American actors in musical theatre, and a v "
"  just east asian, that's not my identity. also american posterity should be british american descendant,"
"In Midwest states, political parties eye growing Asian-American electorate "
" : Oki I hoppin on this train lol.  - Jimin biased - Namjoon biaswrecker - sorbet &gt; creamy ice cream "
" : Japanese-American activists who are visiting a World War II-era incarceration camp in Texas on March 30 will join a no"
"   African-American, Hispanic, and Asian-American unemployment rates have all recently "
" Asian Canadain American interesting I always say Canadain Italian."
" Solid American advice then, and now.  remind yourself how lucky you are to live in this country, "
"     Oh bhai. Other countries a. Do not the level of diversity "
" : periodic reminder that virtually every brand that sells American women  positivity sells a range of chemical laden"
" : The average Asian needs a 1534 SAT score to get into Harvard average Hispanic needs a 1436 SAT to get into Harvard"
" At least ur not an Asian American male"
"Welcome to the Asian-Canadian-American club, ! (Sorry) "
"But I mean, the fact that it exists (a comic by an Asian American about the Asian American experience) is an accomp "
"Helen why don't you believe in allyship  is a good piece that I always go back to think about ://t.co/L5WPpk97DD"
"Kalau kalian pengen tau kenapa agnezmo susah untuk rilis lagu, coba baca disini://t.co/Lk926mMuVq"
" : Patsy Mink paved the way as the first Asian American woman and first non-white woman elected to Congress. We are all be"
" I a ? Demographics of Fl. pop.? 77.4 white,25.6 Hispanic, 16.9 Black, 2.9 Asian ,.5 Native American &amp; "
"an Asian, Canadian, American lol on SNL. "
" : Sandra Oh celebrates being an 'Asian-Canadian-American' in her #SNL opening monologue "
"  Yes! For Asian American Studies!"
"4 Asian-American Women Who Changed History://t.co/kvj6lH39Ge"
"Sandra Oh celebrated being an 'Asian-Canadian-American' during her SNL opening monologue  "
"Hurting American citizens in Order to Hurt citizens-in-waiting people r on list for a green card, they are g "
" :  During WWII, there were American Volunteer Forces that went to Europe and SE Asian to fight and help.  Are"
"#SandraOh  #AsianCanadianAmerican #Asian #Canadian #American #SNL "
" : Curator Theo Gonzalves of the  coming to the Theme Study as an occasion to think about the practice of"
" Asian boy or American boy"
"     1. Asian American. Female. Teacher . 24 subscriptions. 15"
"being in a predominately white high school was so toxic for me. i wanted to go grow and find my asian american iden "
" : FINALLY! I know this may seem like a small thing but it important to those of us who deal in words all day. I still winc"
"Sandra Oh celebrated being an 'Asian-Canadian-American' during her SNL opening monologue  "
" : Susan Ahn Cuddy (1915-2015) female gunnery officer in the United States Navy. She joined the Navy in 1942 and served"
"Asian parents are teaching their kids about science and critical thinking.  parents are teaching their kid "
"Philippines, Morocco,  Uzbekistan, KSA, Kuwait, Malaysia, Indonesia, Nepal, Jordan, half American/half Asian. "
" How about you go to any South American, African or Asian country and see if you can walk around unnotic "
" :  are you from? your asian. Where are you fromm.. Bio: Born in San Francisco, Raised in Westla"
" : An awesome panel today at  discussing their upcoming indie film , where director/writer "
"Not sure how this is related to the trial - The percentage of Asian-American admits increased to 25.4 percent, from "
" : she basically performed a whole concert for free?? it was also a meaningful performance for asian american representati"
"#SNL Smollett  #SandraOh#FunniestMemes #FearlessgirlSandra Oh celebrated being an 'Asian-Canadian-American' dur "
" Some Native Americans are narrow minded. I go to many Native American events and wear N. American ou "
"  Oh celebrated being an 'Asian-Canadian-American' during her SNL opening monologue://t.co/cSHzUNCmU9"
" :    I have been saying this for ages...in America they should be called European Americans"
"   Israel does not call for the annihilation of a people or a country. Hamas does "
"Jhanvi Virani, a School of Arts and Sciences junior, aims to improve the student experience at Rutgers by addressin "
"Chinese,European,American,Asian beauties are waiting for you"
"Definitely Crazy, Not so Rich, Asian American, eh?  #bestdressed #dinneranddance #crazyrichasians  Hotel Jen Tang "
"Chinese,European,American,Asian beauties are waiting for you"
"    We actually are. We send a lot of our waste to China and outher asian co "
"  Super Asian American panel?  very interesting!!!!!!!!!"
" : I testifying a lot of American-born Asian friends who relocate back to their parents motherland and dare to take pay cut"
"  No, America is not any stronger!  Where do we stand on denuclearizing North Korea, where "
"You go girl!  Oh celebrated being an 'Asian-Canadian-American' during her SNL opening monologue  "
" : ALSO: No more hyphen in African American, Asian American.  hyphens serve to divide even when they are meant to conne"
" : Submissions for THEY RISE LIKE A WAVE: An Anthology of Asian American Women Poets close on 31st March! If you're just fi"
"Asian-Canadian-American-nice-big dick. buddy."
" The classic Asian American thot who lumps a bunch of typical Asian things together and calls it her culture"
"If you're formerly Canadian like Sandra O, you can enjoy intercontinental humor, like being Asian Canadian American "
" :   Anybody born in England is a European Anyone born India is an Asian Anyone born in Egypt"
"Canada Sandra Oh celebrates being an 'Asian-Canadian-American' in her #SNL opening monologue "
". members: Japanese-American activists fold paper cranes to show solidarity at Texas detention faci "
"Next month, #101dalmatianstreet will air 4 new episodes on  &amp; Ryan's Mystery Playdate starring Asia "
"it's an honor just to be asian it is. Thank you  from the bottom of this Korean American's he "
" : No hyphen in African American, Asian American and other dual heritage terms. #ACES2019 #ACESAPStyle"
"Check out the new International Buffet from Stamford Catering stamfordcatering , offering Italian, French, American "
"  Oh celebrated being an 'Asian-Canadian-American' during her SNL opening monologue://t.co/n6yol04rXo"
" : There's no time like #WomensHistoryMonth to celebrate the impact Asian-American women have had on history and our lives. "
"       "
"How alike are we? (obviously stolen from my tl) pts: plays softball pts: rapper pts: been BTS fan since d "
"Chinese,European,American,Asian beauties are waiting for you"
"I don't believe the honorific of The gentleman from... is appropriate for these Congress creatures any longer... "
"porn hot and sexy asian sex with boyfriends dad zack and miri make a porno the movie the longest porn  porno de gen "
"Which do you like better, pancakes or waffles?  Pancakes bc American waffles are rly fkn gross?? If you go to any "
"On Mon I'm going on an 18-day heritage trip to Taiwan &amp; Japan with my Asian Mixed Am family. Still so much I haven' "
"Chinese,European,American,Asian beauties are waiting for you"
" : White and Black and Fat or American  or Lesbian  YOUR EARS BEFORE YOU LEAVE YOUR HOUSE!!"
" : As one of the few Asian American players in the NBA, Jeremy Lin has been an inspiration to many. Thank you for being a repres"
"Break the Silence is an Asian and Asian American mental health conference hosted by UChicago Taiwanese American Stu "
"Asian and Asian American mental health conference hosted by UChicago Taiwanese American Student Association, South "
"Chinese,European,American,Asian beauties are waiting for you"
" : CR: Realistic MG books about Asian-American kids! I love books like this, Front Desk by  and Dumpling Days by "
"Chinese,European,American,Asian beauties are waiting for you"
" : U.S. shale oil is being turned away by Asian buyers. In the case of American condensates, a type of ultra-light oil pumped i"
"Chinese,European,American,Asian beauties are waiting for you"
" : Among today's  announcements: Terms like Asian American are no longer hyphenated! The hyphen dates to the 19th c"
" : Submissions for THEY RISE LIKE A WAVE: An Anthology of Asian American Women Poets close on 31st March! If you're just fi"
" :  are you from? your asian. Where are you fromm.. Bio: Born in San Francisco, Raised in Westla"
"Screaming match between right-wing zealot US senator and AG Barr scuttles nomination of Asian-American woman "
"(spoilers RuPaul ssn 11) , are we going to talk about how sketchy it is that the one Asian American contestan "
" : Patsy Mink paved the way as the first Asian American woman and first non-white woman elected to Congress. We are all be"
" : Not just wealthy scions of American parents. American kids are forced to compete for spots in American universities. In a cou"
"Miss Saigon controversy boils over. #Asian American panel doesn't accept apology. #AAPI "
" : Susan Ahn Cuddy (1915-2015) female gunnery officer in the United States Navy. She joined the Navy in 1942 and served"
" : PAC has loved featuring various Asian-American voices in the Georgetown community for their Asians of Georgetown media"
""
" If you used to study Asian-American related studies, then you have all the necessary tools to research "
"  Why not? Everyone else seems to think their ethnic background grants them some kind of "
" I didn't know your dad was an Asian American woman.....he's so beautiful "
"being asian-american kinda sucks especially when you have to pay visits for the holidays:,)"
"This is the Asian version of the 2016 American elections. "
" : U.S. shale oil is being turned away by Asian buyers. In the case of American condensates, a type of ultra-light oil pumped i"
" I mean look at New Zealand'd wager Maoris have more rights and human freedom than pretty much any "
" : . went looking through UNT yearbooks and found images of people in blackface, racist language and students dresse"
"Not just wealthy scions of American parents. American kids are forced to compete for spots in American universities "
"One Ok Rock North American Tour is now done. I think they be coming back to Japan then will gear up a few days "
" : Help us tell the Asian American story! Do you have home movies that show daily life and memorable events as lived for Asian Ameri"
" ...I used to study Asian-American related subjects in college while being Korean immigrant in U.S.; a "
" : As one of the few Asian American players in the NBA, Jeremy Lin has been an inspiration to many. Thank you for being a repres"
"Join us in San Diego this April 24th for the 30th anniversary AAHOA conference.Once again, Horwath HTL are proud to "
"White and Black and Fat or American  or Lesbian  YOUR EARS BEFORE YOU LEAVE YOUR HOUSE!!"
" My sisters and brothers (Asian, Hispanic Haitian) ALL have southern accents and white last names (excep "
" The one and only Hollywood icon, the first recognized Asian-American star Lucy Liu "
" : Harvard increased its share of Asian-American admits to 25.4 percent from 22.7 percent | Is that all?"
"Do you know the joy that I get seeing Asian(now American) actors on TV? The world is huge and representation matter "
" : #LucyLiu First Asian-American woman to host #SNL. Welcome to the club #SandraOh. What say we have LL back for an encore"
" : When Asian-American women speak out and subvert our meek, subservient stereotype, I've noticed people get annoyed. why"
" :    I have been saying this for ages...in America they should be called European Americans"
" :  During WWII, there were American Volunteer Forces that went to Europe and SE Asian to fight and help.  Are"
" must have a large pocket book to hold a "
"  Do you have something planned for Australian, American and Asian mixers? Love you girls"
" : periodic reminder that virtually every brand that sells American women  positivity sells a range of chemical laden"
"why does this scream cool asian-american (fck)boy with his dad visiting korea after so many years "
" : Indeed. African, American Indian, Hispanic, Asian and Aboriginal populations are known to suffer from higher rates of d"
" : she basically performed a whole concert for free?? it was also a meaningful performance for asian american representati"
"  Yes, climate change....   please fix this because 97% of bi-sexual Asian dwarf scientists agree we d "
"  Have these people ever even READ something about African/South American/Asian history? lol "
" : De Blasio seeks to discriminate while pretending not to. He want to scrap the standardized test and grant automatic admiss"
"I'm glad #OhSNL addressed the college admissions scandal, but it still pushed the Asian American students get lowe "
" I have end stage renal disease and I work full time. I not white though. Asian/native American."
" : How disappointing and unjust. Not only women earn less than men in the same job, but Latino women earn way less than A"
" : Why is it that in porn, white females are more down to give asian men clout than the Asian female performers. This is a mircr"
"  The games are out there in the Asian markets - Taiwan designed boardgames are becomin "
"this is still important about internalized attitudes re: being an Asian American and afab content creator "
" : Oki I hoppin on this train lol.  - Jimin biased - Namjoon biaswrecker - sorbet &gt; creamy ice cream "
"Patsy Mink paved the way as the first Asian American woman elected to a Congress.... "
" :    It is somewhat tough for me and you to listen to news that parrots back stupid stuff"
"    You cant be this stupid? These industries died because of globalis "
"    He a well respected and famous journalist. The GOT J.S is a "
"you know what i hate? that entire weird orientalist subgenre in american literature of asian/asian am women sufferi "
"#Didyouknow? Mazie Hironoi, is the first elected female senator from Hawaii (2013-present), the first Asian-America "
"Suddenly, his late twenties, Asian-American, wearing a mountain road."
" :  It's always empowering to see your very own get some shine and I can't wait to see more of Asian Americ"
" : . , . ameri"
" It kinda useless info because Asia is massive and full of different ethnicities and imo different "
"As an ASIAN-American, I do not need you to lecture me on RACISM. You both clearly do not know what that word means. "
"Why is it that in porn, white females are more down to give asian men clout than the Asian female performers. This "
"The Asian American Activist Experience "
"Filmmaker  has a vibrant signature style that could make 'Jade Palace' the next unique Asian-American on "
"   2016 percentages (children in single parent families): or African Americ "
"I found an insta that is reviving the Asian American club at my HS. who just externalize herself as a resour "
"American or European? .....  OFCOURSE!"
"My Asian nieghbors kids go to Berkeley &amp; Yale. Good American Family (Parents are not divorced) they work hard, save "
" : U.S. shale oil is being turned away by Asian buyers. In the case of American condensates, a type of ultra-light oil pumped i"
" : Japanese-American activists who are visiting a World War II-era incarceration camp in Texas on March 30 will join a no"
"     We are becoming semi western, and that is mor "
"she basically performed a whole concert for free?? it was also a meaningful performance for asian american represen "
"American fruit competes with Southeast Asian fruit on the Chinese market  "
"If your business is the hotel business, this is the place to be. Come and meet Horwath HTL in San Diego at the even "
"Since every hot blooded white American is gifted a gun when they born, I think every Asian person should be given a sword."
" : As one of the few Asian American players in the NBA, Jeremy Lin has been an inspiration to many. Thank you for being a repres"
" : We have reached $6,000!!!! Our Mai pin is officially released! With a little over 60 hours to go, snag one and support u"
"Russian     like  cuz I have big cheeks ???  "
"Also when you add the layer of being Californian Asian American and *Christian*, as these foodtrepreneurs are, oh m "
"In my slightly not sober state I just want to say the Asian kid from season 2 episode 4 of American Gods is fucking hot."
" : Me, a China writer having lived in both America and China:  racism in China but nobody ever talks about it-Ame"
" : Yknow if you do an indian, Asian, Hispanic, African American accent impersonation it's considered racist and insensitive"
"Great times with the 916 Fam supporting APAPA HQ - Asian Pacific Islander American Public Affairs  next time "
" : #LucyLiu First Asian-American woman to host #SNL. Welcome to the club #SandraOh. What say we have LL back for an encore"
"CR: Realistic MG books about Asian-American kids! I love books like this, Front Desk by  and Dumpling D "
" To be very clear: African, Asian, Native American, Ashkenazi Jew, and European biology is not differen "
"Sandra Oh Celebrated Being An -Canadian-American During Her  Opening Monologue "
" : Listen. Asian Kung-Fu Generation did more for American anime watchers than Toonami."
" :  are you from? your asian. Where are you fromm.. Bio: Born in San Francisco, Raised in Westla"
"asian dramas &gt; english/australian/american dramas"
"    Asian games have always had moments of censorship when coming t "
" : periodic reminder that virtually every brand that sells American women  positivity sells a range of chemical laden"
"I consider myself a proud supporter of Asian-American chicks, because some of my best friends are trans girls."
""
" : Susan Ahn Cuddy (1915-2015) female gunnery officer in the United States Navy. She joined the Navy in 1942 and served"
" : Just had another conversation where someone said  just black, shut up about being multicultural.  again, I"
"Just had another conversation where someone said  just black, shut up about being multicultural.  agai "
"#WWG1WGA isn't just a hashtag or a code used by Q and QAnon. It's a realistic depiction of the fight were in. It's "
"   I have been saying this for ages...in America they should be called European A "
" :   Crime rate as reported by FBI UCR report: Crimes :69.6% :26.9% Ame"
"   yes, specifically Asian American men earn more than white men. they are the only group to do so."
" She must be American Asian never seen ones homeborn like that"
"are using your race and gender information to turn you back into a number to evaluate EEO and AAP compliance. So gu "
"  Why do men go without? It quite simple-we don. Real men refuse to be voluntarily emascul "
"  Real question... has their ever been an Asian American cast member?"
"   How about Asian people? The choice and right to buy a firearm is afforded t "
"U.S. shale oil is being turned away by Asian buyers. In the case of American condensates, a type of ultra-light oi "
"4/28, Asian Pacific American Women's Conference "
" Cater to all. Native American month, Latin American month, Asian American....etc"
"I testifying a lot of American-born Asian friends who relocate back to their parents motherland and dare to take "
" : . hopes To All The Boys I Loved Before reminds Asian-American girls that  can absolutely star in their ow"
" If  privilege exists then Asian anericans wouldn out earn white people despite being the minorit "
"Chinese,European,American,Asian beauties are waiting for you"
" : For every white male dollar:- Asian American women earn 87 cents- White women earn 79 cents- Black women earn 63 cent"
"What's your degree in?Aerospace engineeringOh so you want to work for NASA?I also have a degree in Asian "
"jumping on the bandwagon how similar are we? pts - jk biased pts - cancer pts - 5 or above  pts - h "
"Smashed it, ! Filled with so much Asian-Canadian love and pride (and congrats on the American citizensh "
" : Here's why  All the Boys I Loved Before star  takes being a role model for young girls seriously especi"
" : whoever used his video to be negative towards others can catch these hands. jordan was nothing but humble, positive an"
" :  SERIES PREVIEW  Movement: Asian/Pacific America film series grapples w/ themes of identity, belonging, &amp; power from t"
"whoever used his video to be negative towards others can catch these hands. jordan was nothing but humble, positive "
" : Oki I hoppin on this train lol.  - Jimin biased - Namjoon biaswrecker - sorbet &gt; creamy ice cream "
" : I'm Jenn, an Asian American concept artist + illustrator. Love working with fantastical characters, environments, &amp; ink! #"
"periodic reminder that virtually every brand that sells American women  positivity sells a range of chemical "
" : Watch this. The #APworldhistory test removing pre-1450 eliminates all African history before slavery, all American his"
" : "
" :   Asian food?: Hai Hai.?: Broder's Pasta Bar.?: Pig Ate My Pizza. American?: Spoon and S"
" : Patsy Mink paved the way as the first Asian American woman and first non-white woman elected to Congress. We are all be"
" One head turning Asian-American absolute beauty (39 Photos) "
"  The girl hasn done any American tv or movies and the guy did one all asian movie and a tv "
" : It not everyday that you get most of the Asian/Pacific Islander, Hispanic, and African American Hill staffers all in one"
" : Congresswoman  holds her 1st #townhall since winning the 2018 midterm election to meet with the community to d"
"Listen. Asian Kung-Fu Generation did more for American anime watchers than Toonami."
""
" : ASIAN-CANADIAN-AMERICAN SANDRA OH  "
" ID The Asian server is not my own. I have been playing in the North American double row that "
" : No hyphen in African American, Asian American and other dual heritage terms. #ACES2019 #ACESAPStyle"
"The #MyWhitePrivilege hashtag also reminds me of how Asian women, all Jews, Native American children, and anyone wh "
" : Patsy Mink paved the way as the first Asian American woman and first non-white woman elected to Congress. We are all be"
" : Oki I hoppin on this train lol.  - Jimin biased - Namjoon biaswrecker - sorbet &gt; creamy ice cream "
" : Susan Ahn Cuddy (1915-2015) female gunnery officer in the United States Navy. She joined the Navy in 1942 and served"
"Sandra Oh celebrates being an 'Asian-Canadian-American' in her #SNL opening monologue "
" : ASIAN-CANADIAN-AMERICAN SANDRA OH  "
"I LOVE that  has a video EVERY. DAY. from Vanity Fair to Bon App to Glamour...She is legit out her "
"   Asian, Canadian, American ... Wow"
"New jlin7 jersey arrived to HK! Glad to have an Asian American represent my Raptors, making this jersey a must have "
"Susan Ahn Cuddy (1915-2015) female gunnery officer in the United States Navy. She joined the Navy in 1942 and "
"i personally dont see a problem with me dating a 47 year old asian american woman who drinks four lokos and dresses "
" : Done!  My (for purchase at the event) piece for THE NEON LOTUS gallery show in LA opening Friday, April 9th. It a dope as"
" : De Blasio seeks to discriminate while pretending not to. He want to scrap the standardized test and grant automatic admiss"
"The monologue: Asian-Canadian-American!!! Truly the best,   "
"Yay!!! She's delving into her identity as an Asian American Canadian #radazn #SNL "
"ASIAN-CANADIAN-AMERICAN SANDRA OH  "
"Whoooo!! Asian Canadian American #representAsian #OhSNL"
" : We have reached $6,000!!!! Our Mai pin is officially released! With a little over 60 hours to go, snag one and support u"
"Screaming match between right-wing zealot US senator and AG Barr scuttles nomination of Asian-American woman "
" 3 of his songs did well. To this day has the only non Asian american(Asian in general tbh) who had the p "
" : #LucyLiu First Asian-American woman to host #SNL. Welcome to the club #SandraOh. What say we have LL back for an encore"
"#LucyLiu First Asian-American woman to host #SNL. Welcome to the club #SandraOh. What say we have LL back for an en "
"You know maybe I make it into the music industry in Korea or Asia  if my parents would/ would be . Korean/ kore "
" : NEW POST - The Archival Spark: A Conversation On Re-imagining &amp; Remembering Connections To South Asian American Life, with"
" : Those new American (aka immigrant) entrepreneurs sure can come up with some clever scams. we learn that an Asian"
" : This clown. This is what happens when you know nothing about the wealth disparity in the asian American community. Or the"
" : Members of an Asian-American GOP political group that Yang belonged to even began to worry that their group could be used"
" : 3 #TaiwaneseAmerican artists are centering food in their sculptural &amp; installation art. Danielle Wu, Stephanie Shih, and"
" : Andrew Atwaters aka Atwaters is a Black American hip hop artist living in Seoul, South Korea. We spoke with him via email abou"
"how - asian - american  - air sign - 2001 baybe - dog person - haechan luvr  "
"#MyWhitePrivilege  is being Asian American. Bc in America, statistically, we have higher incomes than all other rac "
" : J is recruiting for the following 2 platoons:: all American time zones: all euro and Asian"
"Is it enraging that CNN gives airtime to long-shot presidential candidates faring at the same level or worse than t "
"#MyWhitePrivilege is nothing. MLK wanted us UNITED not divided. I love all of my friends who are Hispanic, Asian, a "
" : As one of the few Asian American players in the NBA, Jeremy Lin has been an inspiration to many. Thank you for being a repres"
"#TULivingforChangeSp19 really amazed by Grace's strong sense of self despite growing up in a time where there weren "
"ghana porn movie com schoolteensporn south american anal free sites of beautiful women having sex on video  duvalle "
"    Black as a whole is a race. Whether your Jamaican, African, Ha "
"  Crime rate as reported by FBI UCR report: Crimes :69.6% :26.9% "
""
" It's always empowering to see your very own get some shine and I can't wait to see more of Asian Ame "
"Patsy Mink paved the way as the first Asian American woman and first non-white woman elected to Congress. We are al "
". , . "
"We were honored to speak at the Asian American Republicans of Minnesota convention."
" or like he just the katolian version of -american"
" FF AMERICA,  THEY WILL STOP AT NOTHING TO DESTROY OUR CONSTITUTION AND DIVIDE OUR AMERICAN PEOPLE,  WE'RE A "
" Because self deprecation is the easiest form of subordination, and subordination is the new 'virtue' "
" :  are you from? your asian. Where are you fromm.. Bio: Born in San Francisco, Raised in Westla"
" :  SERIES PREVIEW  Movement: Asian/Pacific America film series grapples w/ themes of identity, belonging, &amp; power from t"
" : I'm playing one of the first Asian superheroes. That's a responsibility that I'm kind of taking that on the same way that she"
"We have reached $6,000!!!! Our Mai pin is officially released! With a little over 60 hours to go, snag one and supp "
"ok, so, i seen a lot of people saying that callum is asian-american, but i kinda confused about that because h "
" :     I honestly don understand why you think  privilege is a thing? Th"
" :     I LOVED this episode! As another Asian American TMBG fa"
" : Patsy Mink was the first nonwhite and first Asian-American woman elected to Congress. She coauthored Title IX based on her own ex"
"    I LOVED this episode! As another Asian American TM "
"   It is somewhat tough for me and you to listen to news that parrots back stupid s "
" : De Blasio seeks to discriminate while pretending not to. He want to scrap the standardized test and grant automatic admiss"
" : The overwhelming message from this whole debacle is that  felt threatened when Asian-American scholars and act"
"There's nothing wrong with adopting American culture as an Asian-American. We're American after all. The real quest "
"  here's an article you should read! "
" : The African, Asian American, Chicano and Native American Studies Center houses groundbreaking works by incredible women of"
" :  are you from? your asian. Where are you fromm.. Bio: Born in San Francisco, Raised in Westla"
"De Blasio seeks to discriminate while pretending not to. He want to scrap the standardized test and grant automatic "
" : Jingjing Xiao in :  my experience, the pressure that Asian families exert on their children takes the form not of"
"This is historian racism. Like...the American vessels get like 40 pictures and medails and memorial crap yeah? And "
"I spent the morning at the Bonne Carre Spillway checking out the White Pelicans, American Bald Eagles, and Great Eg "
" : Need to write a pitch for a TV show over break ! Which would you wanna see, starring an Asian American adoptee ???"
" : people blame their hatred for asian music on not liking the genre when they have all the genres american music does. just"
"    My point... single mother stats by race:-American: 72% 1 "
" : Just going to point out AGAIN how in my case it both the annoying &amp; frustrating refusal to get my name right with a HEAP"
"    I honestly don understand why you think  privilege is a thi "
" : One of my favorite parts of teaching at  is the ability to hold space for community. So thankful for "
"Submissions for THEY RISE LIKE A WAVE: An Anthology of Asian American Women Poets close on 31st March! If you're j "
" : excited for tomorrow's vigil at Dilley #TsuruforSolidarity #StopRepeatingHistory #NeverAgainIsNow://t.co/z1vsVpmfKD"
" OFC you played piano too like every good asian american kid lmfao"
"  So is anti white, anti brown, anti Asian,  anti Native American."
" :  have no idea what to say, honestly, said Timothy Yu, a professor of Asian American Studies and poet who was to give"
"AS: CITIZEN GREEN.. FOR MY NATURAL BEAUTY REGIMENS. a m EGYPTIAN- BRITISH AMERICAN NUURED SICILIAN.. BOR "
"Oki I hoppin on this train lol.  - Jimin biased - Namjoon biaswrecker - sorbet &gt; creamy ice cr "
" : #Asian American studies professors reject apology from theatre group in Miss Saigon controversy. #AAPI  "
" : Those new American (aka immigrant) entrepreneurs sure can come up with some clever scams. we learn that an Asian"
" : my hair got super messy after the day but i just met yvette young!!! i'm so excited  she's absolutely incredible, pl"
"stolen bc i'm uncreative like that but how many points do you have?- bullied constantly from your friends- wri "
"#Asian American studies professors reject apology from theatre group in Miss Saigon controversy. #AAPI  "
"my hair got super messy after the day but i just met yvette young!!! i'm so excited  she's absolutely incredible, "
" : No hyphen in African American, Asian American and other dual heritage terms. #ACES2019 #ACESAPStyle"
"My Asian-American family does this at least once a summer lmfao "
"    I mean if you dont mind asian and american foods and like lunchables"
" : ALSO: No more hyphen in African American, Asian American.  hyphens serve to divide even when they are meant to conne"
" Bigotries exists everywhere. No one culture is immune to it. Whites. Hispanics. African-American. As "
"Screaming match between right-wing zealot US senator and AG Barr scuttles nomination of Asian-American woman "
"imagine,, asian-american woman as dr strange"
" : The Association of Asian Studies takes note of detentions of Muslims in China. "
" : As one of the few Asian American players in the NBA, Jeremy Lin has been an inspiration to many. Thank you for being a repres"
"Currently at the Arizona Beer House. Hope you'll join us for great crafted beer's on tap and delicious food from Am "
"Jingjing Xiao in :  my experience, the pressure that Asian families exert on their children takes the fo "
" Whaaat! No Asian-American???!!"
" : antivaxx parents        green day                                                          American Idiot"
"This goes for Black/White , Latinx/Asian, Jamaican/Belizian,  European/African, Black(American)/African or whatever the combo may be!"
"Muslim migrants in Europe are violently attacking East Asians at vastly disproportionate rates. Some of the most an "
"An interesting and brief write up on Bette Bao Lord, including a brief title by title discussion of her writing. I "
"Yknow if you do an indian, Asian, Hispanic, African American accent impersonation it's considered racist and insens "
" "
"The Association of Asian Studies takes note of detentions of Muslims in China. "
"What is the H-1B visa? supporters argue the program fills job gaps, critics say the H-1B visa gives away Amer "
" : This clown. This is what happens when you know nothing about the wealth disparity in the asian American community. Or the"
"Harvard increased its share of Asian-American admits to 25.4 percent from 22.7 percent | Is that all?"
" : This week, networks of solidarity for Central American migrants in the U.S. have been reported in the news. Our favorite"
"Behind the scenes.  A great and awesome seminar in Ft. Lauderdale, FL.  The first #Balintawak Cuentada seminar is a "
"#MedicareForAll is supported by black, white, asian, Native American, latinx, women, men, cis, trans, and people of "
" Although it would be a *much* harder job now, I can say I was very cautious about criticizing my Americ "
" :  State colleges, hospitals, prisons &amp; courts can now legally deny jobs to LGBTQ &amp; STR8 white, black,Latino,"
"What they don tell you in the marketing material is that they are quite hard compared to normal pillows, especial "
"The overwhelming message from this whole debacle is that  felt threatened when Asian-American schola "
"    Look at each racial group individually and the US is average "
"S278. Finding Your Motherfucking Mirror: Asian American Representation in YA/Coming-of-Age Lit.(Annamarie Atoria, "
" : Amber Liu () is proud to be an androgynous Asian-American artist. Amber stars in Episode 3 of #Homecoming, premieri"
"Screaming match between right-wing zealot US senator and AG Barr scuttles nomination of Asian-American woman "
" : Actress Alice Tsui, who stars in the  short, Digital Influencer vs. Digital Minimalist, is taking steps towards m"
" :  Found this relatable to freshwater turtle research published by some American/European male scientists. Eg."
" Outgoing introvert, spring, has 5 doggos, plays piano, travels a lot = 50. I'm pure Asian but I'm an "
" :  are you from? your asian. Where are you fromm.. Bio: Born in San Francisco, Raised in Westla"
"Let all take a moment to appreciate George Takei and all the work he done for the Asian American and LGBTQ comm "
" : It also, in even the most progressive corners of this country, an acceptable variety of racism, one that dresses up its"
" : As one of the few Asian American players in the NBA, Jeremy Lin has been an inspiration to many. Thank you for being a repres"
"3 #TaiwaneseAmerican artists are centering food in their sculptural &amp; installation art. Danielle Wu, Stephanie Shih "
" Trump strokes nationalism for black Americans, white Americans, bi-racial Americans, Asian Americans, et "
"what is love just started playing in this american-asian restaurant"
"IT'S ALMOST APRIL!-American Women's Fitness Month Awareness Month Radio Month Can "
". annual AAMP - Asian American music, poetry, and dance event is getting started in the  M "
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
"America military commitment to its Asian allies, like its commitment to its European allies, requires more risk a "
"      what about american music? it takes inspir "
" What about your yellow skinned Asian American brothers and sisters too?"
"   The lead is of Indian descent, another main character is also Asian and a major "
"I be very impressed if anyone gets 100  - coffee at least 3x a day - outgoing introvert - sp "
"       1D WAS MY AMERICAN "
" : Among today's  announcements: Terms like Asian American are no longer hyphenated! The hyphen dates to the 19th c"
" : Among #TheOA's main characters: a young Latino gay man; a trans Asian-American boy (played by a trans Asian-American actor)"
"people blame their hatred for asian music on not liking the genre when they have all the genres american music does "
"      mobile is literally all the rave in Asia and most game "
"I just published How to be (and not be) Asian American://t.co/JvEaTQOnEj was a fun one! Talked to fift "
" : Members of an Asian-American GOP political group that Yang belonged to even began to worry that their group could be used"
" : I see Americans of every party, every background, every faith who believe that we are stronger together: black, white, Latin"
" : OK, ladies and gents, this is what Leftist racism looks like in 2019. Only Black press allowed in a Georgia mayoral race"
"Wow there nothing like the model minority myth that was created through a history of racism to forget the fact th "
" : No hyphen in African American, Asian American and other dual heritage terms. #ACES2019 #ACESAPStyle"
" : Thanks to , it now AP Stylebook official: no more hyphen in Asian American, Chinese American, Japanese American,"
" : Also revealed today: In 2016, When a Vietnamese American boy won a scholarship over a white boy, David Stringer told the"
"J is recruiting for the following 2 platoons:: all American time zones: all euro and Asi "
"I Asian-American and unless you are a horrible a**hole I officiallly absolve all you mooks of #MyWhitePrivilege"
" :  State colleges, hospitals, prisons &amp; courts can now legally deny jobs to LGBTQ &amp; STR8 white, black,Latino,"
" During WWII, there were American Volunteer Forces that went to Europe and SE Asian to fight and he "
"Like I was really excited to meet this queer Asian American girl from California (considering I'd be interested in "
"Among #TheOA's main characters: a young Latino gay man; a trans Asian-American boy (played by a trans Asian-America "
"Got pulled over on my street for no seat belt, me and my also asian American friend. Both received tickets for no s "
"   They went to PR because it was cheaper. You think they would stay if we becam "
" I for one am. I'm mixed african american and Puerto Rican and always kind of wanted to date a Asian lol"
"I'm shocked, shocked, that Asian-American admissions to H rose this year. "
"An Asian American Responds to  Can Blacks be More Like  Asians by  "
"Thank you to the students of the IU Asian American Association for putting on an amazing event! The 2019 Indiana As "
" : Congrats to the Asian-American Association of CSA which held its inaugural meeting yesterday and swore in its officers and e"
"Awesome Executive Bd of Asian-American Assn empowering and strengthening Asian CSA leaders with Pres. Edward Tom "
"... the same 2018 BLS data also observes 76.8% of the US infosec-analyst workforce is white, with 12.3% Black or A "
"how similar are we dont flop  - taurus - cisgender - girl group stan  - queer (still haven't really dec "
"Lol I don think I was supposed to be American. I to much into japanese/Asian hometowns specially Japan/Tokyo its beautiful"
" Not true. If only grades and test scores counted Asian Americans would be at 40% instead 23%. Withou "
" If Asian twitter come after me I photoshopping you saying nigger and sending African American Twitter af "
" : Japanese-American activists who are visiting a World War II-era incarceration camp in Texas on March 30 will join a no"
"  The growth of Asian American admissions will happen as there is a growth in populatio "
"  You are ignoring the population growth of Asian Americans. From 2000 to 2015, the Asi "
" Your side supports Affirmative Action. Even when AA discriminates against Asian Americans. This firm "
"  Wrong. That is objectively not an anti white statement. I told many of my fellow asian A "
" : #MyWhitePrivilege hashtag is nothing but to divide us even more! Only #elite politicians &amp; celebrities have PRIVILEGE! W"
"By the way, #Africans have even FUNNIER names than us American-born #ADOS.....thing is, unlike us, African immigran "
"  Black and Native American women have higher maternal mortality rates. However, Hispanic "
" : AP's entry for dual heritage says to drop the hyphen in such terms as African American and Asian American. "
" No doubt it happens on both sides. To all races and ethnic backgrounds. I struggle from being too "
" : We're not your model minorities! Asian American activists held a teach-in outside Overture after the center cancelled a"
"#MyWhitePrivilege hashtag is nothing but to divide us even more! Only #elite politicians &amp; celebrities have PRIVILE "
" asked to mark her race she encounter options for white, black, Asian, American Indian and Native Hawaiian "
"Haven posted enough AWP stuff but here , Asian American icon. : How to (Not) Write Abou "
"However because of this lack of natural need for planning, Rhythm and dance without planning comes more naturally t "
" : . went looking through UNT yearbooks and found images of people in blackface, racist language and students dresse"
" When I see people fleeing 2 Africa nations,Muslim nations,Central &amp; South American nations,Asian nations "
"Just done watching Searching starring John Cho, first Asian American to star in a mainstream thriller movie. Direct "
" When I see people fleeing 2 Africa nations,Muslim nations,Central &amp; South American nations,Asian natio "
"the fast food in Asian markets is unmatched. American supermarkets could NEVER"
" THE 2 #ASIAN #GROUPS IN #MEMPHIS,MAY BE 2 #WHITE #AMERICAN #GROUPS &amp; #HISPANICS #GROUP AND ANY 3 OUT OF "
"Register for the 2019 #72HrSO filmmaking competition at #BeTheChangeYouSeek ONLY 2 DAYS "
" : Barbara Wyatt talking about the Asian American and Pacific Islanders National Historic Landmarks Theme Study. #ncph2019 #"
" Trump supports Asian American lawsuit against discriminatory Harvard admission practices Left c "
"    Yes because the lowest Women, Black, Hispanic, &amp; Asian American Unemployment "
"  I agree with all of that - I saying the western capitalism was the primary agent of th "
" : AP-American, African-American, Mexican-American American"
" : it's good to know asian graphic designers didn't get dusted like the american ones "
" That's the second most stupid thing I've read. The first was a Chinese-American woman in SF feeling "
" : This clown. This is what happens when you know nothing about the wealth disparity in the asian American community. Or the"
"  2050 hispanic white asian black census. Thank god hope the new majority stops the LO "
"You are invited on behalf of  Division 45 () and the Division on South Asian Americans () "
" :  State colleges, hospitals, prisons &amp; courts can now legally deny jobs to LGBTQ &amp; STR8 white, black,Latino,"
"Someone who wanted to know what Kim Porter is: Is Kim Porter Blasian? Is her mom half Asian?Her mom is half Asia "
"Ayo  where is the Asian representation? Y only have one Asian doll for an entire continent... smh "
" : Remember, #MyWhitePrivilege summarily asserts that  is a horrible and racist place that always keeps minoritie"
" : No hyphen in African American, Asian American and other dual heritage terms. #ACES2019 #ACESAPStyle"
" : Those new American (aka immigrant) entrepreneurs sure can come up with some clever scams. we learn that an Asian"
" : Re-read this tremendously beautiful essay today. Reminded me why as a South Asian American kid, I gravitated towards Bo"
" :  are you from? your asian. Where are you fromm.. Bio: Born in San Francisco, Raised in Westla"
" : It also, in even the most progressive corners of this country, an acceptable variety of racism, one that dresses up its"
"It also increased its share of Asian-American admits to 25.4 percent from 22.7 percent, at a time when it is waitin "
"i know you did not just put TATBILB on there when it such an important film since it has GOOD asian-american rep "
""
" My grandma showed me eastern and jewish kitchen. mom showed me italian, french and american kitchen. "
" : Members of an Asian-American GOP political group that Yang belonged to even began to worry that their group could be used"
"    : the point I was making is that Black, White, LGBT, Native Ameri "
" : Wonderful news from ! CSG adviser and columnist  continues to influence style guides with his "
"   As for the NRA, last time I went to the museum at their headquarters, there were 2 in "
"Every Asian i have every met has worked their butt off to succeed. And i believe they are the most discriminated ag "
"how similar are we?- 04 liner- asian american- 5- loves polaroids and old cameras- first concert "
"Honestly who tf made #MyWhitePrivilege this is honestly so disrespectful not to just African-American's, but also H "
"Dmae (): I was often allowed to be included in #Asian-American history but not American history. #AWP19 #S193"
" I already told you, I'm black, asian and native american. White is not a dominant gene in me."
"Andrew Atwaters aka Atwaters is a Black American hip hop artist living in Seoul, South Korea. We spoke with him via "
"the white american bitch called the asian bitch to ask a question about english "
"On crip! Asian American cinema culture, is the hardest around. Tell me one movie, where they aren fighting, or doing something with drugs?"
"Mulan(Asian), Tianna(Black), Pocahontas(Native American), Moana(Polynesian) Jasmine(Arabian), Elsa, Anna, Cinderell "
"Remember, #MyWhitePrivilege summarily asserts that  is a horrible and racist place that always keeps minori "
" :  Just any old woman or African American they find on the streets? What about Hispanics? Disabled? Elderly? As"
"high key wanna interview wing young huie for my asian american research project but like...... thats so scary idk h "
"Andrew Yang is literally so apt to be the first asian american presidential candidate. He subverts asian stereotype "
" :  certain states, the Asian-American vote is enough to help make that margin of victory. ://t.co/fMJ0OqCGlx"
" : [!] (1/7) my name is kathy an asian american artist who believes in the importance of sharing your stories with others. f"
" Just any old woman or African American they find on the streets? What about Hispanics? Disabled? Elderly? "
" : This clown. This is what happens when you know nothing about the wealth disparity in the asian American community. Or the"
"Sorry  Love You: #AsianAmericans on #RuPaulsDragRace "
" : seeing jordan this upset is so sad. he is so humble over this and it clear he so torn up but the fact that he be"
"Actress Alice Tsui, who stars in the  short, Digital Influencer vs. Digital Minimalist, is taking steps "
" I fascinated by, say, Gemma Chan cast as Bess of Hardwick: it totally threw me off - an Asian face in "
"  Past epidemiological studies of race/ethnicity and marijuana use have found that among "
" : It not everyday that you get most of the Asian/Pacific Islander, Hispanic, and African American Hill staffers all in one"
"  To truly watch this movie you have to find a bootleg of the Asian cut of the movie, "
" IT'S CONCE ADDICT AND BLIND JCDJKD TECHNICALLY I WASN'T BORN IN AMERICA BUT I GUESS ASIAN AMERICAN CAN WORK? JDJSJSJ"
" : FINALLY! I know this may seem like a small thing but it important to those of us who deal in words all day. I still winc"
" : No culture is interchangeable.  I am constantly frustrated with the broad generalizations.  I am Asian American, but I am a"
"the representation....... asian american media take notes"
" : The 116th Congress is among the most diverse in the nation history, with 46 African American, Latina, Asian/Pacific Islander"
"omg wait im seeing these all over my tl. these are so cute and fun soo how alike are we?? - multi  - a "
" : Hello #VisibleWomen , I'm Robyn, an Asian-American creator from Hawaii!  My current project is Gourmet Hound, a slice-of-life"
"Why are Al Gore's, Suzuki ... footprints bigger that that of the average, Indian, South American, As "
" : Also revealed today: In 2016, When a Vietnamese American boy won a scholarship over a white boy, David Stringer told the"
" State colleges, hospitals, prisons &amp; courts can now legally deny jobs to LGBTQ &amp; STR8 white, black,La "
" looked toward Asian expansion &amp; light of American philosophy of Manifest Destiny &amp; increased competition "
"  Claiming you have privilege for being Asian is just pure brainwashing.  I am telling my bi- "
" certain states, the Asian-American vote is enough to help make that margin of victory. ://t.co/fMJ0OqCGlx"
" You don't solve the environmental issue without getting China, India,  and Pakistan for their C02, and "
"As #womenshistorymonth comes to a close, co-editors of Asian American Feminisms and Women of Color Politics, Lynn F "
"Now like i said anybody who needs it will want it no matter what it is. In terms of a job. Whether you Hispanic, La "
"    Asian American history and circumstances are relevant to a d "
"#WFG EVC Ting Chiu being honored by Who Who in Asian American Community! "
" : My goal is some day for my children, who have beautiful eyes that are part mine and my ancestors, to think back to when"
" : American Military Aid to Israel Is Less Than It Seems. American commitments to Asian and European allies require more risk a"
" It isn't that important, but if he does win, he'll be the first asian-american president"
"This clown. This is what happens when you know nothing about the wealth disparity in the asian American community. "
"   Google says -born confused desi,  being a word that I believe "
"S180. The Motherfucking Border Against Belonging: American Occupation in Asian American Poetry. (Asa Drake, Sokun "
"   That the wrong question. The right question is if we elect an Asian American "
"how simsialr are we Dude - aya - jungkoojk- gemini- bsielxual- asian (+5 if u r filo)- has gir "
" One of my liberal Asian co-workers was failing on about white privilege one day. When I pointed out all t "
"I think most if not all of the characters were Asian American which is cool and I expected the author to be Asian a "
"  He also didn include any asian or native american, what a bigot"
" One head turning Asian-American absolute beauty (39 Photos) "
""
" :     Nice article! I forward to many Asian American friends.  way to"
" : And if you tell me Asian American women make more I will beat you to death with every study I have of the undercounting an"
" I mixed race,  American(Arapaho,crow,and Shoshone) Apache (French Canadian,Bri "
"seeing jordan this upset is so sad. he is so humble over this and it clear he so torn up but the fact that he "
"     Cool story:: [reverse racism nonsense "
" : Among today's  announcements: Terms like Asian American are no longer hyphenated! The hyphen dates to the 19th c"
" have no idea what to say, honestly, said Timothy Yu, a professor of Asian American Studies and poet who was to "
"  yes cancel that...what about asian, european, south american, north America, Oceania etc e "
" : Theo Gonzalves discusses how he and his team at the Smithsonian Museum of American History are trying to develop some intenti"
" : No hyphen in African American, Asian American and other dual heritage terms. #ACES2019 #ACESAPStyle"
" : SCHOLARSHIP ALE  Gold Mountain Scholarship For Asian American and Pacific Islander high school seniors who will be f"
" : Japanese American former incarcerees and their descendants are folding paper cranes to bring to Dilley #familydetention c"
"  'Latino' is not a race. There are white Latinos, black Latinos, Asian Latinos, Native American (br "
"NEW POST - The Archival Spark: A Conversation On Re-imagining &amp; Remembering Connections To South Asian American Lif "
"#Asian American panel turns its back on apology from theatre after cancellation of panel on Miss Saigon. #AAPI "
""
"It not everyday that you get most of the Asian/Pacific Islander, Hispanic, and African American Hill staffers all "
" :  are you from? your asian. Where are you fromm.. Bio: Born in San Francisco, Raised in Westla"
"ALSO the entire tl is doing this so you know  pts:  liner pts: sope was always together pts: soft st "
" : AP's entry for dual heritage says to drop the hyphen in such terms as African American and Asian American. "
" : New addition to the story: Seats were marked up from $600 to $1,000. The ads also offered VIP packages for overnight stays"
" : Members of an Asian-American GOP political group that Yang belonged to even began to worry that their group could be used"
"What the Bay Area needs is a Jewish, LGBTQ, Asian-American, Documentary, Silent, Noir Festival."
"Theo Gonzalves discusses how he and his team at the Smithsonian Museum of American History are trying to develop so "
" : I'm Jenn, an Asian American concept artist + illustrator. Love working with fantastical characters, environments, &amp; ink! #"
"18. i asian american"
" : Join us at 7pm for a screening of her 2018 feature IN THE LIFE OF MUSIC and 2012 short film RUPTURE. to  and t"
" : There's no time like #WomensHistoryMonth to celebrate the impact Asian-American women have had on history and our lives. "
" Visitors paying respect at the Vietnam Veterans Memorial on #VietnamWarVeteransDay - this memorial "
"Curator Theo Gonzalves of the  coming to the Theme Study as an occasion to think about the practice "
"The Asian American &amp; Pacific Islander film series Movement starts tonight! #AAPIHM   "
"The rule is: (or identify as one)? -&gt; Feminist Leftist +? -&gt; Feminist Leftist, Asian, Native Ameri "
" :  Amen! I tired of people calling me an Asian American and not just an American. Liberal democrats segregate use"
" : I came across some archival photos while reporting this story that made me rather emotional, perhaps bc As Ams are seldom re"
"Join us at 7pm for a screening of her 2018 feature IN THE LIFE OF MUSIC and 2012 short film RUPTURE. to "
" Found this relatable to freshwater turtle research published by some American/European male scienti "
" i ain't voting for anyone endorsed by the 80-20 national asian-american PAC (but really, front for "
"      Attending the conference and interviewin "
"Asian-American #Actors Are Fighting for Visibility. They Will Not Be Ignored. #Diversity #Whitewashing"
" Nick &amp; Astrid were Oxford educated and attended boarding school in UK. They both have British accent. Bu "
"2020 Census reporting collection of data should be easy if Spanish speaking &amp; all Asian languages spoken Use Englis "
" : Re-read this tremendously beautiful essay today. Reminded me why as a South Asian American kid, I gravitated towards Bo"
"Man, Asian food &gt; American food.  Sorry.  It true.  They do good lovely."
"Barbara Wyatt talking about the Asian American and Pacific Islanders National Historic Landmarks Theme Study. "
" :  his way, being an American, having this American experience, he creates a new philosophy. "
" : In a session on Asian American and Pacific Islander historical narratives #ncph2019"
" his way, being an American, having this American experience, he creates a new philosophy. "
" : Today feature is Patsy Mink, the first woman of color elected to the national legislature, and the first Asian American Con"
" :  you endure is who you are, said the late Patsy Mink of #Hawaii, first Asian American woman elected to Congress."
"Our first reporting deadline is tomorrow .. Help us elect the first Asian American woman to the Los Angeles City Co "
" Im glad to hear this, in the light of the confusing messages of grace from popular american preach "
"Asian Pacific Islander Desi American &amp; Raza Grad Celebrations are full &amp; we took the links down.  left in B "
" : Great to see MoMA reimagining itself. Finally. I Require Art/Facebook has been diving into African American, Latin America"
"Critics said Skrein casting was just the latest instance of an Asian or Asian-American role being handed to a whi "
" : Last night I saw Searching with John Cho as the first Asian-American to lead a thriller and tonight I am seeing Us with Bl"
" : An important note -- both parties have failed to sufficiently connect with asian americans, but that doesn't mean AAPIs a"
"  Again there was no proof of people camping outside of their hotel if you have it please s "
" : panel discussing new Theme Study on Asian-American and Pacific Islanders and public history: #ncph2"
"panel discussing new Theme Study on Asian-American and Pacific Islanders and public history: #ncph2019 #s57"
"   So you want this to become a race thing---like Peele?   He didn't even refer "
"In a session on Asian American and Pacific Islander historical narratives #ncph2019"
"Asian-American, wearing a great open room, to keep walking, but no sound is starting to the Explorers, six faces of the barrier,"
" : ALSO: No more hyphen in African American, Asian American.  hyphens serve to divide even when they are meant to conne"
" : Op Ed: I am a Japanese American, and I taken aback by the debate over whether Asians should be considered people of color."
" : Nothing hits harder than these European/Asian Netflix originals eveiyhing but the American ones tbh"
" : Japanese-American activists who are visiting a World War II-era incarceration camp in Texas on March 30 will join a no"
"A marvellous review of #Asianfail by  in the Journal of Asian American Studies #JAAS Feb 2019 issue. "
"     It's an honor just to be european's an honor just to b "
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
"   African-American unemployment hit a record low of 5.9 percent in May 2018. "
"   Job openings are at an all-time high and outnumber job seekers for the fir "
" : Harvard University has announced its first freshman class since last autumn three-week trial challenging its admission"
" : This week, networks of solidarity for Central American migrants in the U.S. have been reported in the news. Our favorite"
"Screaming match between right-wing zealot US senator and AG Barr scuttles nomination of Asian-American woman "
"Today in Texas! Japanese-American activists fold 10,000+ paper cranes to show solidarity at Texas detention facilit "
"I will tell you this from my experiences in life: 1. it sucks that people think they can be more derogatory toward "
" : I have pointed clients to  argument against hypenated Americans, and now I can point to  as well. #"
"Harvard University has announced its first freshman class since last autumn three-week trial challenging its admi "
" : It no secret that I Ohio first Asian-American woman elected into our general assembly. No secret that I a #NALPista"
" :  Hold on a second... how don people know you the biggest Asian American male porn star????"
"It no secret that I Ohio first Asian-American woman elected into our general assembly. No secret that I a "
"    There was obviously a FIRST Native American to come to North "
" Hold on a second... how don people know you the biggest Asian American male porn star????"
" : They also finally removed the hyphen from African American and Asian American?! This  update keeps getting better! How much"
"They also finally removed the hyphen from African American and Asian American?! This  update keeps getting bette "
" There are plenty of Asian American  voices that play that role. They are dominant, in fact. If an "
" Exactly! And that's why every Asian American should vote for Andrew Yang in 2020. It's time to break the glas "
"  Maybe in an African office the seniors would be blacks, in an Asian office the seniors would be A "
"if you African American, Asian, or"
" Say that! This should have been the end. But hate &amp; willful ignorance have brought us to the brink. "
" : No hyphen in African American, Asian American and other dual heritage terms. #ACES2019 #ACESAPStyle"
" : I spoke with The Voice contender Jej Vinson about the struggles of Asian-American singers &amp; how he found his voice. WATCH"
"My Asian son thinks he's White - Asian Comedian Makes Judges LAUGH "
" :  are you from? your asian. Where are you fromm.. Bio: Born in San Francisco, Raised in Westla"
" : ALSO: No more hyphen in African American, Asian American.  hyphens serve to divide even when they are meant to conne"
" Reasonable &amp; judicious. She's an American &amp; not responsible for re-prosecuting Modi. As President she "
"I not sure the language but why does the Asian one get such an amazing poster???? That better than the American "
"Asian carp were first introduced to American waterways to combat invasive aquatic plants, but are now recognized as "
" : Japanese-American activists who are visiting a World War II-era incarceration camp in Texas on March 30 will join a no"
"Hey, fellow #AsianAmericans, if you haven been following the PR disaster that is the  canceling th "
"'Sorry -- Love You': Asian Americans on 'RuPaul's Drag Race' "
"As #WHM 2019 comes to a close, be sure to read our spotlight on these 5 trailblazing Asian American women and see j "
" had the same misconceptions about me that I had about them, Bud Kauffman from the UNC Department of Asian St "
" : Members of an Asian-American GOP political group that Yang belonged to even began to worry that their group could be used"
" : Third World Liberation Front! This 1968 strike  included the Asian American Political Alliance. I chaired AAPA "
" : Enjoyed spending the afternoon holding a town hall with a group of incredible leaders from Las Vegas' Asian American and P"
"INTERESSANT  ler 10 artigos sobre o movimento asian-american nos anos 70"
"Any money left over from production, big or small, will be given to an Asian-American charity of our choice!"
" : Advocates worry housing issues may lead to an Asian-American census undercount "
" : Housing issues could lead to an Asian-American census undercount "
"For #WomensHistoryMonth, we celebrate Yuri Kochiyama - one of the most influential Asian American women activists i "
" I think most People have that. But I am glad that it's in the past &lt;3 's the spirit! Fight fo "
" :   Reuters did a lengthy series on Asian cheating on US college admissions tests:://t.co/gyHBG3"
" : Those new American (aka immigrant) entrepreneurs sure can come up with some clever scams. we learn that an Asian"
"   wake up and educate yourself on facts please!! our president has create "
" Asian American here. It ridiculous how many of these detractors think we all neo-nazis. Especi "
"i am a proud asian american woman treat me with respect! i am a Tiger Mom"
" : 1/ It looks like the  in Madison cancelled a panel of Asian-American scholars who were going to discuss the Ce"
" I blasian (Asian and African American and Mexican) so my eyes are like that and people off the back are "
"As one of the few Asian American players in the NBA, Jeremy Lin has been an inspiration to many. Thank you for bein "
" : After  cancels #MissSaigon panel, Asian American scholars host 'teach-in' on street |  https:/"
" :   Yes; panelists (who were experts in Asian American studies) were uninvited less than 24 hours"
" : #Asian Americans defiantly hold teach-in after theatre cancels panel dissecting its production of Miss Saigon. #AAPI https://"
"my sisters showed me this pic of some white boy dressed up in, like, asian street fashion n told me all american bo "
"  Yeah we could also include all African, Asian and American perspectives.... Who wants to do a "
"What is the H-1B visa? supporters argue the program fills job gaps, critics say the H-1B visa gives away Amer "
"Asian-American unemployment recently achieved the lowest rate ever recorded. unemployment recently reached "
" : Screaming match between right-wing zealot US senator and AG Barr scuttles nomination of Asian-American woman "
" They had some other updates around race too. Like no longer hyphenating phrases like Asian American(s)."
" Hispanic-American unemployment is at the lowest rate ever recorded.-American unemployment recently "
" :  It's pretty clear that the biggest factor for white voters to have voted Hillary over Trump is living in a d"
"The new date of Ryan's Mystery Playdate is April 19th starring Asian-American child YouTuber  and th "
" In 2017, 18,063 rapes were reported. 12,187 of those arrested for rape were white, 5,182 were black, "
" : AP's entry for dual heritage says to drop the hyphen in such terms as African American and Asian American. "
" : We serve a God who looks not at the outer but the heart. Everyone who knows Jesus, whether they are rich or poor men or"
"   Based on what? Booker is a Rhodes Scholar, Kamala Harris was the first south Asi "
" : . went looking through UNT yearbooks and found images of people in blackface, racist language and students dresse"
" It's pretty clear that the biggest factor for white voters to have voted Hillary over Trump is livi "
" : A big change to the : dropping the hyphen in duel American terms such as  American,  American,"
"Do you know what I wonder?  I will share ... why don't we celebrate American Indian history month,  Jewish American "
"Excited to attend the Indiana Asian American conference here at ! Conference is sponsored by  "
"American Patriots? alongside other Black, Asian, Hispanic &amp; White Americans who support our country and Co "
" American Austrailian European followed by Asian and African."
"Andrew Yang Talks Identity On The Campaign Trail, Growing Up Asian-American - HuffPost "
" TONIGHT at 11:30pm EST:  hosts ! She become the third Asian American woman to host the show "
" : Being Asian American means having none of the privileges but all the scapegoating by politicians and the media. We t"
"   It didn't work like that. You could see it with 3 Americans and even 1 Asian p "
"   As a gay Asian American, I certainly agree that racism/gender discrimination "
"In partnership with the  and in recognition of #WomensHistoryMonth and #ImmigrantWeek, #IBXimPACT hosted a p "
"    You should come work in the oil and gas industry. Come see the diversity of "
" : Hey #MadisonWI &amp; anti-racist friends, please be aware of what's happening in Madison with 's production of"
" : Standard anti-Sanders nonsense.  look at your own pics there are Latino, Asian and Black Americans. African Ameri"
" I'd rather that they specify and say Filipino or Chinese or Vietnamese, etc. Just saying Asian is la "
" Because it is in part inspired by Asian American action films, such as Big Trouble In Little China, T "
"  I find the terms African American, Asian American and so on to be problematic. We ar "
"Latest Episode of   9-1-1 () Highlights Challenges of Asian American Men://t.co/wTOFu9JdP2 "
" : it's good to know asian graphic designers didn't get dusted like the american ones "
" : Great day for a $5 car wash which benefits the South Asian American Student Association    #northsaasa "
" : Wonderful news from ! CSG adviser and columnist  continues to influence style guides with his "
"Why do you consider yourself asian American and not just asian?  I can't math "
"   Several Asian countries have environmental initiatives bigger than anything w "
" :  are you from? your asian. Where are you fromm.. Bio: Born in San Francisco, Raised in Westla"
" : Japanese-American activists who are visiting a World War II-era incarceration camp in Texas on March 30 will join a no"
"  You should have dad the article.  74% of the school is Asian American, but I like that you bl "
" are you from? your asian. Where are you fromm.. Bio: Born in San Francisco, Raised in "
"     My Daddy taught me the history of a real Ca "
" This is great for Amsterdam! Coupled with a compact urban form, hopefully this further facilitates act "
"The 116th Congress is among the most diverse in the nation history, with 46 African American, Latina, Asian/Pacif "
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
" : In memory of author and MacDowell Fellow Katherine Min (8x 95-13), her friends and family are establishing a MacDowell"
" : Andrew Yang sat down with HuffPost to discuss his heritage and the struggle to find his identity.  think that what gave"
" :   Reuters did a lengthy series on Asian cheating on US college admissions tests:://t.co/gyHBG3"
" is showing what the rest of the South can be in the next 15 to 20 years, said Mark Keam, the first Asian "
"Great day for a $5 car wash which benefits the South Asian American Student Association    #northsaasa "
" : #WomensHistoryMonth Day 30: Patsy Takemoto Mink (12/6/27-9/28/02)American lawyer &amp; politician from Hawaii. Made history wh"
"#WomensHistoryMonth Day 30: Patsy Takemoto Mink (12/6/27-9/28/02)American lawyer &amp; politician from Hawaii. Made his "
" : Sending love to all on this pilgrimage today! We win together  #solidarity #HumanRights #ReuniteFamiliesNow #FamiliesBelon"
" : Just going to point out AGAIN how in my case it both the annoying &amp; frustrating refusal to get my name right with a HEAP"
"Sending love to all on this pilgrimage today! We win together  #solidarity #HumanRights #ReuniteFamiliesNow "
"It's fun following Asian people and American/European people on twitter. I get to look down my twitter feed and see "
" : Previously I introduced you to my favorite YouTube baker, . A few of you fell in love w/him (and baking?)."
"  I'm also Asian, black and native American. Pick whichever you want, you'll find something childish to insult me about."
"Just going to point out AGAIN how in my case it both the annoying &amp; frustrating refusal to get my name right with "
"  Countering that misinformation.. every group had some people who  own slaves Muslim, Jewis "
" : No hyphen in African American, Asian American and other dual heritage terms. #ACES2019 #ACESAPStyle"
" has named its Outstanding Allyship Award after . The award honors an individual who has demon "
" : Let us take a moment to reflect on the fact that so far we have many women, African Americans, an Asian American, a Latino"
" : Among today's  announcements: Terms like Asian American are no longer hyphenated! The hyphen dates to the 19th c"
"This week, networks of solidarity for Central American migrants in the U.S. have been reported in the news. Our fav "
" : AP (finally) removes hyphen in African American, Asian American and other compound American identities!#ACESAPStyle  #"
" : Last night I saw Searching with John Cho as the first Asian-American to lead a thriller and tonight I am seeing Us with Bl"
" : Those new American (aka immigrant) entrepreneurs sure can come up with some clever scams. we learn that an Asian"
"#Asian Americans push back on theatre that cancelled their Miss Saigon panel without warning. #AAPI "
" what does it mean when you, the child of generations of fortitude and sacrifice, are pinned to your bed by leth "
" I be there too! I facilitating a panel of Asian American teachers   presenting  "
" : I am a short American. Not a Short-American.  modifies American in the first instance. -American feels like"
" :  U know why. It all goes back to Welfare Queens, Willie Horton and 1964. Welfare is a Black program, now inc"
"   No lies told here. But, I'm assuming their is opinion not on the American marke "
" : Entitled racist white guys are sexually assaulting Asian women at vastly disproportionate numbers and are murdering random"
"Looks like half american and half asian #cosplay "
" : HB3217 creating the Asian American Family Commission Act passes with overwhelming support! Happy to have been a co-sponsor"
" U know why. It all goes back to Welfare Queens, Willie Horton and 1964. Welfare is a Black program, "
" : FINALLY! I know this may seem like a small thing but it important to those of us who deal in words all day. I still winc"
" :   Being an Cassiopeia, no. DBSK and Suju paved the way to bring kpop out of the country to nearby As"
" : Harvard says that the share of admitted undergraduates who are Asian American has increased to 25.4%, up from 22.7% a year a"
"Nothing hits harder than these European/Asian Netflix originals eveiyhing but the American ones tbh"
" : Japanese-American activists fold over 10,000 paper cranes to show solidarity at Texas detention facility "
"Andrew Yang Talks Identity On The Campaign Trail, Growing Up Asian-American | HuffPost "
"Screaming match between right-wing zealot US senator and AG Barr scuttles nomination of Asian-American woman "
" : Members of an Asian-American GOP political group that Yang belonged to even began to worry that their group could be used"
"Japanese-American activists who are visiting a World War II-era incarceration camp in Texas on March 30 will join a "
"Screaming match between right-wing zealot US senator and AG Barr scuttles nomination of Asian-American woman "
"Finally! The hyphen visually interrupted the words  &amp; made me feel like an other instead of American. I h "
""
" : ALSO: No more hyphen in African American, Asian American.  hyphens serve to divide even when they are meant to conne"
"AMEN. #Veritas the American Public deserves to know the Truth! A Coup d', if the evidence leads to proving that "
"As Predicted....this is not over, #MAGA #VERITAS #Truth #Justice #AmericanPsyche Knowing #KAGA is not a Political W "
" : I was pissed. What the hell does that mean? How can you tell me that my writing, which is about a Vietnamese American charact"
"And if you tell me Asian American women make more I will beat you to death with every study I have of the undercoun "
" : Japanese American former incarcerees and their descendants are folding paper cranes to bring to Dilley #familydetention c"
"  And in the process your skin turned into Asian from American ?"
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
" : We serve a God who looks not at the outer but the heart. Everyone who knows Jesus, whether they are rich or poor men or"
" :   Progress: The percentage of Asian-American admits increased to 25.4 percent, from 22.7 percent"
"We serve a God who looks not at the outer but the heart. Everyone who knows Jesus, whether they are rich or poor me "
"We are delighted to be sponsoring the AAHOA event again, come and meet the team in San Diego this April "
" : Not that we ever used the hyphen in our name or writing, but we're glad to hear AP style no longer necessitates it in"
" Hahahaha Asian American speaking abt immigrants. Maybe she needs to look herself in the mirror bfor opening her sexy lips "
" : Who is allowed the American Dream? wrote about the diversity problem at NYC's specialized high schools, the SHSAT con"
" : The first Asian-American woman (and almost the first woman) to have a state building named after her? That's pretty great"
" :  the drop of our third and final batch of 'FIRST TIMES' submissions  stories written by members of our Asia"
"Not that we ever used the hyphen in our name or writing, but we're glad to hear AP style no longer necessitates it "
" : No hyphen in African American, Asian American and other dual heritage terms. #ACES2019 #ACESAPStyle"
" Doesn matter what color you are you are just unlike able.  Cause we know she the racist and don "
"i love asian food but I crave american food every single day"
"No hyphen needed in African American, Asian American, etc. They are fully American. #WordsMatter "
" panel, called  American Perspectives on  Saigon: Stereotypes, History and... "
" : it's good to know asian graphic designers didn't get dusted like the american ones "
" : AP's entry for dual heritage says to drop the hyphen in such terms as African American and Asian American. "
"Yes!! Same can be said about many other cultures (Asian, African, Latin American, etc). We label and group for conv "
" : ALSO: No more hyphen in African American, Asian American.  hyphens serve to divide even when they are meant to conne"
"One could argue that Asian-American identity is constructed based simply on education, low criminality, income, an "
"Trump Directs State Dept. to End Aid to 3 Central American Countries "
"AMIS - Asian Middle School Honor Boys and Girls Choirs... hosted at American School of Bombay #asbindia #music "
" I a mutt, I 66% British/Irish, but the rest is a mix of German, French, Native American, African and As "
" : Members of an Asian-American GOP political group that Yang belonged to even began to worry that their group could be used"
" : Wonderful news from ! CSG adviser and columnist  continues to influence style guides with his "
"we are a black and asian lesbians. our situations is worse since we don't have any white power or american power."
"  It not white people usually. My little nephew when he saw her on tv thought it was me. Elderl "
" : When a subject heritage is relevant, it important to respect the source preference. For example, someone who is Asian Am"
" An american youtuber with asian roots I think"
"    Imagine an American, going to live in an Asian country, and being "
" : Screaming match between right-wing zealot US senator and AG Barr scuttles nomination of Asian-American woman "
" : The Truth About American Aid to Israel: U.S. commitments to Asian and European allies require more risk and sacrifice. https:"
" : AP-American, African-American, Mexican-American American"
"why are asian convenience stores the most amazing thing on the planet?? i forgot how amazing they are and american "
"  Problems, struggles, hardships whatever adjective you insert is life on this planet. Once y "
" I played from s3 to s6. Yesterday's Asian service was not played by me. I am a North American player "
" Someone stole my game account, played the Asian service and matched the person. Please solve my game ba "
"   Human Rights are Universal, there is nothing Arabian, American, Asian, Western about it"
"i an asian american diaspora poet now "
" : Indeed. African, American Indian, Hispanic, Asian and Aboriginal populations are known to suffer from higher rates of d"
" : I am a short American. Not a Short-American.  modifies American in the first instance. -American feels like"
" : FINALLY! I know this may seem like a small thing but it important to those of us who deal in words all day. I still winc"
"FFS Screaming match between right-wing zealot US senator and AG Barr scuttles nomination of Asian-American woman "
"Screaming match between right-wing zealot US senator and AG Barr scuttles nomination of Asian-American woman "
"I just wanna put in here and  don't wanna drag everything but let's hear this american guy who talk about bts  "
" : Among today's  announcements: Terms like Asian American are no longer hyphenated! The hyphen dates to the 19th c"
"Last night I saw Searching with John Cho as the first Asian-American to lead a thriller and tonight I am seeing Us "
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
" :         "
" : Previously I introduced you to my favorite YouTube baker, . A few of you fell in love w/him (and baking?)."
" That's a great help, thanks! Do you know anyone active in American Asian community?"
" : Those new American (aka immigrant) entrepreneurs sure can come up with some clever scams. we learn that an Asian"
" You should JOIN THEM: if you claim to be Muslim, Asian, African, etc - American (anything other than AMERI "
"  It's not about who comes first it's about who paved the way who won the American main awar "
"Scene City: Frolicking at the Frick were held for the Frick Collection, Diffa and the Asian American Legal "
"AP Stylebook:  who is Asian American might be more accurately described as Chinese American. Someone who is "
" "
" : american men continue to visit southeast asia to patronize its sex industry which exploits young southeast asian women, man"
"At the same time, under pressure from the US Embassy in Warsaw, Polish gov is breaking our own regulations to allow "
"Right wing troglodytes are killing America. "
" : Patsy Mink was the first nonwhite and first Asian-American woman elected to Congress. She coauthored Title IX based on her own ex"
""
" : Right wing troglodytes are killing America.://t.co/VgLB2izwmq"
"High School  Production Wins Internet "
" : Today, I am publishing the first of several essays. This first essay focuses on my personal journey and how my identities"
" : Also revealed today: In 2016, When a Vietnamese American boy won a scholarship over a white boy, David Stringer told the"
"At the Asian Pacific American Librarians Association (APALA)'s Spring Social Dinner at Araya's Place in Seattle. "
"Asian American...something tells me the alt right wouldn't really like my company "
"For all my journo friends trying to scramble to find stories for May coverage - I.e. the month when Asian Americans "
" Saw a HS production of IN THE HEIGHTS with a 14-year-old Asian-American youth as Usnavi and it was "
" Native American and East Asian if I rmr correctly"
" : AP's entry for dual heritage says to drop the hyphen in such terms as African American and Asian American. "
" : AP-American, African-American, Mexican-American American"
" : Laureen Chew, an Asian American student at SFSU during the 1968-9 strikes and member of the Third World Liberation Front, reme"
" : The percentage of Asian-American admits increased to 25.4 percent, from 22.7 percent last year  the first time a non-white rac"
" : u know what sucks is that when ur growing up asian american ur parents usually want u to focus on strictly doing well in s"
"I dont understand Asian American groups praising vietnam vets. A whole generation of people saw them killing vietnamese civilians on TV...."
"what is the point of an Asian american movement if it isnt antiwar, if it doesnt understand the roots of so many problems in our communities"
" : Since people are celebrating a failed imperialist war today, here's Alan Takemoto's take on Gidra's May 1972 cover re:"
"Re-read this tremendously beautiful essay today. Reminded me why as a South Asian American kid, I gravitated toward "
" : ALSO: No more hyphen in African American, Asian American.  hyphens serve to divide even when they are meant to conne"
" Chic fil a: chicken is good but the company is homophobic: food not spectacular but their dri "
"^ I recently took a public tour through the SF Mint that included two men of this generation, &amp;, damn - they are HA "
"    I thought we just made the point of not stereotyping... It is no "
"in the words of john mulaney  am a proud asian american woman,"
" : Wonderful news from ! CSG adviser and columnist  continues to influence style guides with his "
" :   Probably. But it happened. Because of Smollent, the next time an Asian, African American, a"
"  Probably. But it happened. Because of Smollent, the next time an Asian, African American, "
" : It 2019 we deserve to see more women of ethnicity posted on popular rave babe Instagram pages whether they African Americ"
"Oh wow, I have a 7 page paper due for my asian american studies class ON MY BIHDAY !!!!!! "
"  Slavery, the treatment of native Americans, Jim Crow, Asian enterment, I could go on.  Crue "
"        "
" : 3 Asian-American Artists. 3 Stories. This is  #Homecoming, featuring , , and . Premieri"
" : No hyphen in African American, Asian American and other dual heritage terms. #ACES2019 #ACESAPStyle"
"Drop the Hyphen in Asian American  "
"Hell ya, and while we are all doing some ground breaking shit as it is let Drop the African or Asian or micro-Nes "
""
"Previously I introduced you to my favorite YouTube baker, . A few of you fell in love w/him (and bakin "
" : Andrew Yang sat down with HuffPost to discuss his heritage and the struggle to find his identity.  think that what gave"
" : An important note -- both parties have failed to sufficiently connect with asian americans, but that doesn't mean AAPIs a"
" : As a non-Black Asian-American and/or non-Black person, you are still capable of appropriation because you exist within a"
" The American teacher just said I did really well on my geometry test. Yeah no shit. I Asian"
" : Have you registered for our Asian American and Pacific Islander Networking Breakfast? A great way to share success &amp; challe"
"Find the Forex Market Hours on Forex Directory! Check out the opening and closing times of Asian, European and Nort "
"#  "
"Screaming match between right-wing zealot US senator and AG Barr scuttles nomination of Asian-American woman "
"she just finished the north american leg of the singular world tour. sabrina will begin the asian tour next week, a "
" : What's your name?James Au.Au as in gold? Or is that French?It's a Chinese surname. I'm biracial.Oh did your"
" : Members of an Asian-American GOP political group that Yang belonged to even began to worry that their group could be used"
"  I been mistaken for Japanese, Korean, Malaysian, and strangely, American (that was in Ger "
". Has apparently had a psychotic break this week.  match between right-wing zealot US senator "
"How disappointing and unjust. Not only women earn less than men in the same job, but Latino women earn way less tha "
" i just worked it up today. Im on this 1 American history tip, were not just Africans "
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
"Rather than just blogging about general J-Pop in general, I decided to make the blog about (East &amp; Southeast) Asian "
"  I can speak for Asian Americans at all but I do have Korean American friends and they are "
"   Wow! Coming from an Asian-American at that."
" : Patsy Mink was the first nonwhite and first Asian-American woman elected to Congress. She coauthored Title IX based on her own ex"
" : I believe this is Henry article that Paula said spurred the AP to think about removing the hyphen in terms like  A"
"  In a strange way, there seem to be two factors impacting this. One is the general issue of x "
"Everyone Asian thinks im part of whatever their culture is. The aunties at Greenland market are convinced that my d "
"the lonely island released  and chain as a joke in 2011 but in 2019 that just the average asian ameri "
" Well it an easier #parenting path to  your way instead of constantly hounding kids to do schoo "
"   I want to see  in an Asian American milieu"
" : #  "
" That reminds me of middle school how we literally had 1 African American kid and 1 Asian kid in the entire "
" : Screaming match between right-wing zealot US senator and AG Barr scuttles nomination of Asian-American woman://t.co/DeH"
" : I have pointed clients to  argument against hypenated Americans, and now I can point to  as well. #"
"[Latino] content in culture and language, affirms identity, and that authentic... - heard at #proclaim19  i t "
"  Sadly, it's not limited to traditional media or even to Caucasian authors. This article from "
"Chinese,European,American,Asian beauties are waiting for you"
" : Those new American (aka immigrant) entrepreneurs sure can come up with some clever scams. we learn that an Asian"
"excited for tomorrow's vigil at Dilley #TsuruforSolidarity #StopRepeatingHistory #NeverAgainIsNow://t.co/z1vsVpmfKD"
" : Right wing troglodytes are killing America.://t.co/6zMa9XwyyN"
"SIU celebrates Asian American and Pacific Islander Heritage Month in April "
"Happening tomorrow! I'm so excited to running a workshop on Art Activism for the 2019 Indiana Asian American Confer "
"#  "
" : Japanese American former incarcerees and their descendants are folding paper cranes to bring to Dilley #familydetention c"
" : Right after WonderCon, I'm being flown out to Indiana University to be this year's KEYNOTE SPEAKER for the Indiana Asia"
"India is diverse but the US is no less.  Here's the US's Generation Z, the most diverse generation ever:  one in fo "
" : When a subject heritage is relevant, it important to respect the source preference. For example, someone who is Asian Am"
"Also, they should appoint a board that reflects the diversity of California, which is almost 40% Latino, 16% Asian, "
" : No hyphen in African American, Asian American and other dual heritage terms. #ACES2019 #ACESAPStyle"
" I usually do too! There's just something special about Asian cuisine, I have fond associations with it "
" : I have pointed clients to  argument against hypenated Americans, and now I can point to  as well. #"
" : ALSO: No more hyphen in African American, Asian American.  hyphens serve to divide even when they are meant to conne"
" : Members of an Asian-American GOP political group that Yang belonged to even began to worry that their group could be used"
" : New addition to the story: Seats were marked up from $600 to $1,000. The ads also offered VIP packages for overnight stays"
" :   Reuters did a lengthy series on Asian cheating on US college admissions tests:://t.co/gyHBG3"
"East Asians aren't the whole of Asia. Even Russians are technically Asians, Turkey is technically West Asian - Asia "
"Two beautiful pork bellies smoked low n slow on my Gator Pit! I put an Asian spin on this classic American BBQ dish "
"Six Asian-American memoirs to read for Women's History Month "
" The United States recognizes five races:  AMERICAN  AMERICAN(Where is Mexican?)"
"Screaming match between right-wing zealot US senator and AG Barr scuttles nomination of Asian-American woman "
" your major? American Studies drunk guy:  must be studying me *begins to rub up on me* "
" : Those new American (aka immigrant) entrepreneurs sure can come up with some clever scams. we learn that an Asian"
"   I think it absolutely fair to say that there are POC in sororities cont "
" So that last part is not new. It almost every Asian parents dream to be able to out-brag other par "
"Union submissions only!  MONDAY 4.1 in Tarzana! is $125/8. is for a new pilot. Sarah is taking sub "
" The asexualization of Asian-American men in movies and on TV."
"Advocates worry housing issues may lead to an Asian-American census undercount "
" : AP's entry for dual heritage says to drop the hyphen in such terms as African American and Asian American. "
"Chinese, Japanese, Korean American actually agree more with the conservative American Values, liberty, meritocracy, "
"Housing issues could lead to an Asian-American census undercount "
"My goal is some day for my children, who have beautiful eyes that are part mine and my ancestors, to think back to "
" What kind of a foolish news reporting is this? What is their ethnicity? Are they native-English or th "
"   American #kimsconvenience fan site, all things Korean/Asian diapora "
"When  is able to grow a uterus &amp; birth a child, he will then have an opinion worth hearing. Men should "
"Toyota, Asian brands are most reliable; American car brands are not, says Consumer Reports survey "
"Screaming match between right-wing zealot US senator and AG Barr scuttles nomination of Asian-American woman "
" : Under the leadership of  our rights-- to vote, to health care-- are trampled.  Glad the ACLU is challenging this un"
"Liked on Spotify: Asian American Woman by John Mulaney "
" : It was an honor to present HR 628 to the Korean Vietnam Veterans Assoc SE President, Lee Chun Bong, to recognize and com"
"  1. It's time to develop a White Caucus, and a Hispanic, Asian and a Native American "
" : Have you reserved your seat to attend the largest procurement and business conference for Asian American businesses and profes"
"    one of the first Asian American candidates for President in our history a "
"Yes. I like to no the American Norms like average IQ score for the democrats Vs.republicans.I know that average IQ "
"Can't wait for 's #BlueBayou "
" :          "
" : Out of the 100s of shows shown on North American networks, only 2 I know of are about Asian families  #KimsConbenience and"
" : AP-American, African-American, Mexican-American American"
"Why I think accents are beautiful &amp; should be celebrated, why we shouldn be making fun of people who mispronounce "
"I enjoyed reading the results of my DNA workup. I like my Asian results; 28%, Andean 6%!  I can't really relate to "
" Que-Lam Huynh and Virginia Huynh (more developmental), both at CSU Northridge. Asian American Psych Associ "
" : On the struggle of Asian-American chefs and a cuisine born of shame, rebellion &amp; reconciliation. "
"  AGREED! I'm annoyed by the tone deaf responses to those of us who are duly concerned a "
"I hope Kate the Asian American woman knows that once a month churches and foodbanks give away free food that stores "
"I see &amp; respect the argument for removing the hyphen in phrases such as African American and Asian American. Howeve "
"in my opinion bts did pave the way somewhat. kpop have always been popular but not extremely as it is now especiall "
"    do you think the asian public will have the same ener "
"  Reuters did a lengthy series on Asian cheating on US college admissions tests:://t.co/gyHBG3rpJE"
"Regressive, not progressive ://t.co/tcwimAGrsW"
"Yanyi (#Literaoke, #AWP19 edition! He the associate edito "
"Screaming match between right-wing zealot US senator and AG Barr scuttles nomination of Asian-American woman://t.co/amRoVMLJa7"
" : Screaming match between right-wing zealot US  and AG Barr scuttles nomination of Asian-American woman "
"The good men are seeking and marrying women from abroad just like our President. What man wants an American prude "
" At  we capitalize Black. We cover communities of color ... every other ethnicity is cap "
"Screaming match between right-wing zealot US senator and AG Barr scuttles nomination of Asian-American woman "
"Out of the 100s of shows shown on North American networks, only 2 I know of are about Asian families "
" : I was pissed. What the hell does that mean? How can you tell me that my writing, which is about a Vietnamese American charact"
" : Wonderful news from ! CSG adviser and columnist  continues to influence style guides with his "
" They never ask Asian Americans, Latino Americans, or Native American Indians to pay for the sins of im "
" : Wonderful news from ! CSG adviser and columnist  continues to influence style guides with his "
"Day 55: Ifti Nasim was a American. He moved to the United States to escape persecution for his sexua "
"Charleston, SC Righteous Gemstones -TUES. 4/2 NEEDING ALL RACES....(especially those 60 &amp; up) of Asian/Chinese "
"Screaming match between right-wing zealot US  and AG Barr scuttles nomination of Asian-American woman "
" :          "
" I remember when the Kids Club was a multi-cultural gang with various interests and a pet dog Kid V "
" : ALSO: No more hyphen in African American, Asian American.  hyphens serve to divide even when they are meant to conne"
" : AP-American, African-American, Mexican-American American"
"Screaming match between right-wing zealot US senator and AG Barr scuttles nomination of Asian-American woman "
"Andrew Yang Talks Identity On The Campaign Trail, Growing Up Asian-American "
" It a common affliction for me as a middle aged Asian American woman."
" : Andrew Yang sat down with HuffPost to discuss his heritage and the struggle to find his identity.  think that what g"
"Some more incredible pieces of fine American and Asian antiques that will be at our friend, Will Henry, auction t "
" Being the obly Asian and Chinese ata American school and a lot of people are racist there.. It hurts l "
" : Screaming match between right-wing zealot US senator and AG Barr scuttles nomination of Asian-American woman "
"  in actuality* i'm an Asian American who only graduated from Duke with a degree in Ec "
"   USA will never allow it. Neither would China or Russia. Can't think of an "
" : I believe this is Henry article that Paula said spurred the AP to think about removing the hyphen in terms like  A"
" : Census 2020 has a BIG Asian American problem! Read our latest report, and what state and private philanthropy needs to do. ht"
" they also got the op for Beck on point too, and their other works are all classics. They're a damn goo "
" : An important note -- both parties have failed to sufficiently connect with asian americans, but that doesn't mean AAPIs a"
" : AP's entry for dual heritage says to drop the hyphen in such terms as African American and Asian American. "
"Caucasian, African, American, Mestizo, Asian, etc... don care what you are, if I fuck with you I fuck with you "
" : 25.4% of Harvard's latest class of admitted undergraduates is Asian American, up from last year "
" : I just don really fit in anywhere, but I just have to make it happen. I just be a part of it. a way it good. Yo"
" : Also revealed today: In 2016, When a Vietnamese American boy won a scholarship over a white boy, David Stringer told the"
"Also revealed today: In 2016, When a Vietnamese American boy won a scholarship over a white boy, David Stringer tol "
" : Members of an Asian-American GOP political group that Yang belonged to even began to worry that their group could be used"
" They are ILLEGAL ALIEN INVADERS who want American Taxpayers to support them, House them, Feed them and Edu "
" : No hyphen in African American, Asian American and other dual heritage terms. #ACES2019 #ACESAPStyle"
"Screaming match between right-wing zealot US senator and AG Barr scuttles nomination of Asian-American woman "
" : Next week Tuesday celebrate Asian Pacific American Heritage Month at the Opening Ceremony in Live Oak! #APAHM  "
" : 3. There is strong interest in pagan and prehistoric Europe, environmentalism, quasi-socialist/Third Way ideas not usual"
"Finally I try the Panda Express because of V~ My American roommate think it not good, but for me(Chinese)... it "
" : I feel like the hallmark of an Asian American childhood is when all of your friends parents were more proud of you than"
"3. There is strong interest in pagan and prehistoric Europe, environmentalism, quasi-socialist/Third Way ideas not "
"AP-American, African-American, Mexican-American American "
" :   Being an Cassiopeia, no. DBSK and Suju paved the way to bring kpop out of the country to nearby As"
" : See  at The Asian American Showcase! 13 - 8PM  / Special Food Tasting Event before the film!"
"Non asian wears traditional costumes of asians. people from japan and chinese from china: It's a good thin "
"Screaming match between right-wing zealot US senator and AG Barr scuttles nomination of Asian-American woman "
" doing his thing to bring the HandMaid's Tale to YOUR community.   is abortion obsessed, meaning "
" : Patsy Mink was the first nonwhite and first Asian-American woman elected to Congress. She coauthored Title IX based on her own ex"
" : Indeed. African, American Indian, Hispanic, Asian and Aboriginal populations are known to suffer from higher rates of d"
" : Those new American (aka immigrant) entrepreneurs sure can come up with some clever scams. we learn that an Asian"
" That is a possibility. Because, having been called that after moving, the narrative shifts. Hence why my t "
"  I agree, if I am filling out paperwork that asked white, African American, Asian Am "
"Screaming match between right-wing zealot US senator and AG Barr scuttles nomination of Asian-American woman "
" But that the thing. A   is already struggling with finding identity. Asian American is implying "
"American Asian at 5. Come out and have some great food that goes well with our tasty beers! "
" I just started watching, Billions. How weird is it right after you asked  if he had seen it "
" Not a surprise, admissions based on testing has tended to show the same Asian American outperformance, "
" You'll continue to dissociate, and then you will never accept yourself as an Asian American/Canadi "
" Looks to me that if black, native American, and Mexican women took the same jobs the Asian woman ha "
"Harvard says that the share of admitted undergraduates who are Asian American has increased to 25.4%, up from 22.7% "
" : As a non-Black Asian-American and/or non-Black person, you are still capable of appropriation because you exist within a"
" : FINALLY! I know this may seem like a small thing but it important to those of us who deal in words all day. I still winc"
" I wonder why the Democrats give other Middle Eastern, Asian, South American countries a pass on all "
" : The Asian American community is growing in the Midwest. This also means the Asian American electorate is growing and becoming"
"Screaming match between right-wing zealot US senator and AG Barr scuttles nomination of Asian-American woman "
" : Among today's  announcements: Terms like Asian American are no longer hyphenated! The hyphen dates to the 19th c"
" : Screaming match between right-wing zealot US senator and AG Barr scuttles nomination of Asian-American woman "
"Same author insisted the terror attacks in Bali and Jakarta and the 2004 Asian tsunami were the work of Israeli and "
"i, for one, am shocked that an unattractive yeezy colorway distributed exclusively to the North American market in "
"Screaming match between right-wing zealot US senator and AG Barr scuttles nomination of Asian-American woman "
" : Help us tell the Asian American story! Do you have home movies that show daily life and memorable events as lived for Asian Ameri"
" : Amazing news! Norfolk City: This is Home - So... was just selected by American Asian Latino Film Festival NYC via https:"
" : I feel like the hallmark of an Asian American childhood is when all of your friends parents were more proud of you than"
" A lot of Asian ones, plus various Central American ones like Tabasco and such."
"Screaming match between right-wing zealot US senator and AG Barr scuttles nomination of Asian-American woman "
" I work in the most extremely diverse workplace I ever seen....Black...Straight..Gay (of course, I "
" : This week on #StillProcessing,  and  hand the mics over to their Asian-American friends, coll"
" : No hyphen in African American, Asian American and other dual heritage terms. #ACES2019 #ACESAPStyle"
" : An outstanding panel organized by the American-Uzbekistan Chamber of Commerce featuring the Ambassadors of six Central A"
" : Dystopias and Utopias in Contemporary Asian American Literature panel/ the wonderful   "
" : New addition to the story: Seats were marked up from $600 to $1,000. The ads also offered VIP packages for overnight stays"
" : AP's entry for dual heritage says to drop the hyphen in such terms as African American and Asian American. "
" : Among today's  announcements: Terms like Asian American are no longer hyphenated! The hyphen dates to the 19th c"
"Screaming match between right-wing zealot US senator and AG Barr scuttles nomination of Asian-American woman "
" : Next week Tuesday celebrate Asian Pacific American Heritage Month at the Opening Ceremony in Live Oak! #APAHM  "
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
" : Patsy Mink was the first nonwhite and first Asian-American woman elected to Congress. She coauthored Title IX based on her own ex"
"current biggest feud in this asian-american household is that i hate mitski and love japanese breakfast, but it's t "
" are you saying that an Asian-American director/producer who chooses to direct/produce movies on Asian-A "
" Good as a White Man: Asian Immigrants, Indigeneity, and Differential Violence in American Alaska  Hu "
"Screaming match between right-wing zealot US senator and AG Barr scuttles nomination of Asian-American woman "
" : Who is allowed the American Dream? wrote about the diversity problem at NYC's specialized high schools, the SHSAT con"
" : Today PSA:  American is not hyphenated! "
"On terms such as Asian American, The hyphen dates to the 19th century as a way to distinguish immigrants as  "
"There is.... Nationalism  Nationalism  Nationalism  Nationalism Muslim Nationalism "
"5 Asian American Women Who Are Leading and Influencing Social Justice Movements in California by  "
" :  Wow. This is sh*t. My son has an Asian girlfriend, my daughter has a African American boyfriend, my cousins are H"
" : See  at The Asian American Showcase! 13 - 8PM  / Special Food Tasting Event before the film!"
"Screaming match between right-wing zealot US senator and AG Barr scuttles nomination of Asian-American woman "
" : FINALLY! I know this may seem like a small thing but it important to those of us who deal in words all day. I still winc"
" : Members of an Asian-American GOP political group that Yang belonged to even began to worry that their group could be used"
"Quit Harping on U.S. Aid to Israel commitments to Asian and European allies require more risk and sacrific "
"Last night, our #SFCDP team had the pleasure of attending the Asian American Contractors Association of SF Annual G "
"  And the point was to include Asian and African as part of  not to keep it dist "
"Screaming match between right-wing zealot US senator and AG Barr scuttles nomination of Asian-American woman "
" : A big change to the : dropping the hyphen in duel American terms such as  American,  American,"
"Andrew Yang sat down with HuffPost to discuss his heritage and the struggle to find his identity.  think that w "
" : Screaming match between right-wing zealot US senator and AG Barr scuttles nomination of Asian-American woman://t.co/DeH"
" : More Misogynist Racist #GOP BULLSHIT  - Screaming match between right-wing zealot US senator and AG Barr scuttles nomination"
"Amazing news! Norfolk City: This is Home - So... was just selected by American Asian Latino Film Festival NYC via "
"One of my most favorite things about Chon is how he blends Asian cinema with American filmmaking. It perfectly embo "
"  Being an Cassiopeia, no. DBSK and Suju paved the way to bring kpop out of the country to nearby "
" When are you going to Flint and Detroit? Here why! Grand Rapids racial composition is 65% White "
"Screaming match between right-wing zealot US senator and AG Barr scuttles nomination of Asian-American woman "
" : #AERA19 LINEUP! Don't miss  who'll share his paper,  Racist Stereotypes: An Examination of the Portray"
" 3/ you're a Central African warlord or farmer, a South Asian militiaman or call center worker, o "
"I just don really fit in anywhere, but I just have to make it happen. I just be a part of it. a way it "
" : Absolutely captivating lecture by  on the present state of Asian American politics. The rise of grassr"
" : 25.4% of Harvard's latest class of admitted undergraduates is Asian American, up from last year "
" : All of my films will have either a Black, Brown, Middle eastern, Asian, Native American, and pacific islander lead. We"
"    Their use in racial and ethnic identifiers can connote an other "
" : I have pointed clients to  argument against hypenated Americans, and now I can point to  as well. #"
"All of my films will have either a Black, Brown, Middle eastern, Asian, Native American, and pacific islander lead. "
"Hey Asian women! The alt right GOP hates you!! Not news, but some of you seem to have forgotten. Screaming match be "
" : Coverage around Andrew Yang is concentrated on his support for Universal Basic Income. He's also made headlines for takin"
""
" : it's good to know asian graphic designers didn't get dusted like the american ones "
" wealthy Russians come to FL some stay trump hotel, leave with new American citizen. trump has sold "
"Screaming match between right-wing zealot US senator and AG Barr scuttles nomination of Asian-American woman "
"  It's an honor just to be Asian American."
"Screaming match between right-wing zealot US senator and AG Barr scuttles nomination of Asian-American woman "
"#AERA19 LINEUP! Don't miss  who'll share his paper,  Racist Stereotypes: An Examination of the "
"25.4% of Harvard's latest class of admitted undergraduates is Asian American, up from last year "
"Talking about Asian-American romantic relationships in contemporary settings - gotta give it to  to pai "
" why did she not mention all the illegal Asian birthing houses in this country where Asian women co "
" : CSU leaders met with  and members of the  to thank them for their support of Asian American and Pacific Isla"
"I was pissed. What the hell does that mean? How can you tell me that my writing, which is about a Vietnamese Americ "
"Asian-Americans Voted for the Fake Billionaire. Owners Of Sex-Trafficking SPAs-Welcome.Others will learn Hard! Less "
" : Join us on Monday, April 1st as we kick off Asian American Pacific Islander Month with cupcakes and cultural performances i"
"Screaming match between right-wing zealot US senator and AG Barr scuttles nomination of Asian-American woman "
"#Volunteer to #read to #Oakland #students for our 4th annual Asian Pacific American Read-In, April 29 3! This c "
"More Misogynist Racist #GOP BULLSHIT  - Screaming match between right-wing zealot US senator and AG Barr scuttles n "
" : Members of an Asian-American GOP political group that Yang belonged to even began to worry that their group could be used"
" have no idea what to say, honestly, said Timothy Yu, a professor of Asian American Studies and poet who was to "
" : Those new American (aka immigrant) entrepreneurs sure can come up with some clever scams. we learn that an Asian"
" : Screaming match between right-wing zealot US senator and AG Barr scuttles nomination of Asian-American woman://t.co/DeH"
" : AP's entry for dual heritage says to drop the hyphen in such terms as African American and Asian American. "
" : Although I grew up firmly upper-middle class, my Asian-American family has always operated on level of frugality familiar to ma"
" : As #WHM 2019 comes to a close, be sure to read our spotlight on these 5 trailblazing Asian American women and see just how the"
"Andrew Yang sat down with HuffPost to discuss his heritage and the struggle to find his identity.  think that w "
"#Asian Americans dismiss apology from theatre after panel on Miss Saigon suddenly canceled. #AAPI "
"Screaming match between right-wing zealot US senator and AG Barr scuttles nomination of Asian-American woman "
" : Among today's  announcements: Terms like Asian American are no longer hyphenated! The hyphen dates to the 19th c"
"Drama in the grammar world. Percent signs! But also, apparently I'm no longer Asian-American, just Asian American? "
" :  Wow. This is sh*t. My son has an Asian girlfriend, my daughter has a African American boyfriend, my cousins are H"
"Screaming match between right-wing zealot US senator and AG Barr scuttles nomination of Asian-American woman "
"Screaming match between right-wing zealot US senator and AG Barr scuttles nomination of Asian-American woman "
" : Enjoyed spending the afternoon holding a town hall with a group of incredible leaders from Las Vegas' Asian American and P"
"Sherman &amp; Howard congratulates  for her induction as a board member of the Arizona Asian American Bar As "
" : Patsy Mink was the first nonwhite and first Asian-American woman elected to Congress. She coauthored Title IX based on her own ex"
" : Via : Screaming match between right-wing zealot US senator and AG Barr scuttles nomination of Asian-American wo"
" : ALSO: No more hyphen in African American, Asian American.  hyphens serve to divide even when they are meant to conne"
"Screaming match between right-wing zealot US senator and AG Barr scuttles nomination of Asian-American woman "
"Screaming match between right-wing zealot US senator and AG Barr scuttles nomination of Asian-American woman "
" : I believe this is Henry article that Paula said spurred the AP to think about removing the hyphen in terms like  A"
" : Annual attendance among USA moviegoers increased from 4.7 visits to 5, with age groups of 12-17 and 18-24 at the high end."
"Screaming match between right-wing zealot US senator and AG Barr scuttles nomination of Asian-American woman "
" : it's good to know asian graphic designers didn't get dusted like the american ones "
"I believe this is Henry article that Paula said spurred the AP to think about removing the hyphen in terms like  "
" :  suggests that Afro-European children receive lower grades at school than their white counterparts, and their"
" : HEY YOU! Are you gonna be at Wondercon? ME TOO! Drop by the Super Asian American panel and say hi to me, , "
" : Japanese American former incarcerees and their descendants are folding paper cranes to bring to Dilley #familydetention c"
" : New endorsement for : CA Asian Pacific Islander (API) Legislative Caucus, headed by , has endorsed t"
"Today PSA:  American is not hyphenated! "
"Screaming match between right-wing zealot US senator and AG Barr scuttles nomination of Asian-American woman "
"Among today's  announcements: Terms like Asian American are no longer hyphenated! The hyphen dates to t "
"Screaming match between right-wing zealot US senator and AG Barr scuttles nomination of Asian-American woman "
"Screaming match between right-wing Hateful Fake Christian Zealot US senator UT Mike Lee and AG Barr scuttles nomina "
"Screaming match between right-wing zealot US senator and AG Barr scuttles nomination of Asian-American woman://t.co/DeHLj2WwIM"
" : Screaming match between right-wing zealot US senator and AG Barr scuttles nomination of Asian-America "
"Screaming match between right-wing zealot US senator and AG Barr scuttles nomination of Asian-American woman "
"Screaming match between right-wing zealot US senator and AG Barr scuttles nomination of Asian-American woman "
"Via : Screaming match between right-wing zealot US senator and AG Barr scuttles nomination of Asian-Americ "
"2/2 Ireland goes with US, India used by British,Saudi  Afrbia and US has to go against Germany later with no armed "
"Screaming match between right-wing zealot US senator and AG Barr scuttles nomination of Asian-American woman "
" : No hyphen in African American, Asian American and other dual heritage terms. #ACES2019 #ACESAPStyle"
"  Wrong. I can absolutely support Asian American film and oppose discrimination at the same ti "
" Wow. This is sh*t. My son has an Asian girlfriend, my daughter has a African American boyfriend, my cous "
"Boring flight, but that the Asian beef wrap snack that American offered and the gin and tonics were quite good. Als "
" : Wonderful news from ! CSG adviser and columnist  continues to influence style guides with his "
" : Deal with a lot of,  cuz u criticize Rey/ Rose don mean u sexist HOW u criticize them.  woman is too powerfu"
" : i asked my chinese tutor if she's in the IU asian american association... she said 1. im not asian american and 2. did"
"April is Asian American and Pacific Islander Heritage Month at SIU Carbondale. There will be numerous special event "
" Look at my Asian American sisters killing the female  hustle division:)"
" : #NDTCtrained  won his election in Dyer, IN by 82 votes, making him the youngest legislator in IN &amp; the state f"
" So proud of our Asian men + all our hardworking American men."
" : Thanks to , it now AP Stylebook official: no more hyphen in Asian American, Chinese American, Japanese American,"
"Thanks to , it now AP Stylebook official: no more hyphen in Asian American, Chinese American, Japanese "
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
"You know what u need  ? Mediterranean food! You have plenty of yummy Asian, Spanish, Italian, &amp; Ameri "
" : Indeed. African, American Indian, Hispanic, Asian and Aboriginal populations are known to suffer from higher rates of d"
" You repeated allow people to think you are African American, Jamaican and Asian does not = AA. So fig "
" : We are here at Frist Campus Center  with the Asian American Students Association writing postcards (and drinki"
"An outstanding panel organized by the American-Uzbekistan Chamber of Commerce featuring the Ambassadors of six Cent "
"ap style guide removed the hyphen from dual identities (african american, asian american) poc we've won "
"Meet The First Asian-American Female Firefighter in New York City "
"  Not really.  I am 98.6% European.  Hahah.  Mostly French and German.  I once had a doctor w "
" : Right wing troglodytes are killing America.://t.co/VgLB2izwmq"
" : No hyphen in African American, Asian American and other dual heritage terms. #ACES2019 #ACESAPStyle"
" going to see more voter outreach, more engagement in 2020 than you seen in the past.://t.co/fMJ0Oql5tZ"
"        "
" : Members of an Asian-American GOP political group that Yang belonged to even began to worry that their group could be used"
" : Right wing troglodytes are killing America.://t.co/VgLB2izwmq"
"Music Videos - Asian-American Music Video 1 role "
" I am not. I am telling you that you fall in the gulf between Asian American and convert Buddhist. Sorry."
"Yes, such a low acceptance rate is disappointing. But I have to ask, how many black students applied in comparison "
"Attending &amp; networking with Asian American Business Leaders     "
" : Right wing troglodytes are killing America.://t.co/6zMa9XwyyN"
"Right wing troglodytes are killing America.://t.co/VgLB2izwmq"
"Right wing troglodytes are killing America.://t.co/6zMa9XwyyN"
" : Yall dont know how happy I am. I finally did it !!!!!!  news! Norfolk City: This is Home - So... was just selec"
" : With 'Jasmine Blooms At Night,' Abichandani Honors South Asian American Feminists - The Aerogram "
" : I was always excited about being able to learn it but then I thought to myself, 'When as an Asian-American actor will I be"
" : Screaming Match Between Right Wing Zealot US Senator and AG Barr Scuttles Nomination of Asian-A "
" : San Mateo Supervisor David Canepa presented Asian Pacific American Labor Alliance award recipients David De La Torre "
"San Mateo Supervisor David Canepa presented Asian Pacific American Labor Alliance award recipients David De La Torr "
"Celebrating the achievements of 4 Asian-American #women who changed #history : #WomensHistoryMonth #WomensHistory"
"  Removing hyphen from African American, Asian American, etc. They also said it now OK to use % instead of percent."
"Start the weekend right with dinner from American Asian at 5! Busy Brew Day - El Hefe will be ready for Cinco de Ma "
" : AP's entry for dual heritage says to drop the hyphen in such terms as African American and Asian American. "
"Teachers: A worthy classroom discussion - How Black-Asian Conflict Plays Out In New York City's Elite High Schools. "
"  it not american culture. it NATIVE culture (that can stem to other regions) and she/st "
" : FINALLY! I know this may seem like a small thing but it important to those of us who deal in words all day. I still winc"
" : ALSO: No more hyphen in African American, Asian American.  hyphens serve to divide even when they are meant to conne"
", punch him in the face ha! Let try and see how it goes, this is coming from an Asian American woman you POS! MAGA2020!"
"#RicardoRossello! Punch him in the face ha! Try it, let see how it goes, this is coming from an Asian American woman you POS"
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
" : it's good to know asian graphic designers didn't get dusted like the american ones "
" : I am a short American. Not a Short-American.  modifies American in the first instance. -American feels like"
"A valuable perspective, especially in the wake of recent college admissions scandals. "
"I feel like the hallmark of an Asian American childhood is when all of your friends parents were more proud of you than your actual parents"
" : Ignoring the chase for more record lows as  notes, the percentage of Asian American admits bumped up to 25.4%"
"The Truth About American Aid to Israel: U.S. commitments to Asian and European allies require more risk and "
"Just because I'm not some blue-check marked Asian American, or someone who hangs out with Ken Jeong thinking he's a "
"    Also, as a fellow Asian-American, starting Connor Joe just reeks of o "
" starter pack: first name last name  face"
"  Tell that to the Investors. Never trust a Asian or Arabian. Lesson learned. about that "
"Never been as excited for a presidential candidate as I am for . I admit him being Asian American is lar "
"I am a short American. Not a Short-American.  modifies American in the first instance. -American feel "
"It's about time. Here's more on why we can drop the hyphen: "
" : Indeed. African, American Indian, Hispanic, Asian and Aboriginal populations are known to suffer from higher rates of d"
"FraudWatch: Preventing Robocall Scams in the Asian American and Pacific ... "
" : When a subject heritage is relevant, it important to respect the source preference. For example, someone who is Asian Am"
"FINALLY! I know this may seem like a small thing but it important to those of us who deal in words all day. I sti "
" I ONLY PREFER 3 OUT OF 5 #GROUPS WHICH MUST INCLUDE #WHITE #AMERICAN #GROUP &amp; #ASIAN #GROUPS IN "
" : As #WHM 2019 comes to a close, be sure to read our spotlight on these 5 trailblazing Asian American women and see just how the"
" That fine, I wouldn mind hearing about South American or Asian either but I just like to hear primaril "
"Learn how to tell your stories on stage with Northwestern University professor Sue Pak at Goodman Theatre. Learn th "
"  It will take a bit of effort for me to de-hyphenate -American"
"Learn how to tell your stories on stage with Northwestern University professor Sue Pak at  Goodman Theatre. Learn t "
" : Coverage around Andrew Yang is concentrated on his support for Universal Basic Income. He's also made headlines for takin"
"     and the Asian tsunami the work of I "
"are american designers really that bad ??? asian posters are always the best "
"For more information, please read the article  Wrong With Miss Saigon? written by University of Wisconsin-M "
" : W&amp;M Asian American studies program gifted first endowment "
"   Dear, Judaism is a religion. reality all Jews, who were born in Pa "
"  Asian food?: Hai Hai.?: Broder's Pasta Bar.?: Pig Ate My Pizza. American?: S "
" : Today on #VietnamWarVeteransDay, let us take the time to not just honor our fallen Veterans, but also pay tribute to Ma"
" Girls is an intimate story of the lives of two young women of color. Leila is a South Asian-American writer "
" : When Asian-American women speak out and subvert our meek, subservient stereotype, I've noticed people get annoyed. why"
" : No more hyphenating African American, Asian American, etc."
"Especially not if it a young Asian-American woman and you are an old white guy. Then it extra special creepy."
". family foundation opens its wallet to support Asian American studies  "
"Imagine an Asian person, telling an African American to revisit why the N word might rub us the wrong way.  y "
" Family members or not; Mexican, Central American, South American, Filipino, Asian, Eastern European "
" We used to get M-80 in Chinatown (I assume it still OK to call that section of town that name because "
" : Members of an Asian-American GOP political group that Yang belonged to even began to worry that their group could be used"
"  The problem is Uncle Pat still puts African Americans at the core of the  tell my Asia "
" : ALSO: No more hyphen in African American, Asian American.  hyphens serve to divide even when they are meant to conne"
" : No hyphen for dual heritage terms such as African American, Asian American and Filipino America. The hyphen serves as a divide"
"W&amp;M Asian American studies program gifted first endowment "
" : AP's entry for dual heritage says to drop the hyphen in such terms as African American and Asian American. "
"The religion? The religions? The color of your skin doesn't match  then don't do it? Some of us are literally made "
"Wiggerboxing Native American Asian"
"       Yep, last I checked, they only ask "
" : it's good to know asian graphic designers didn't get dusted like the american ones "
" : Wonderful news from ! CSG adviser and columnist  continues to influence style guides with his "
" : When a subject heritage is relevant, it important to respect the source preference. For example, someone who is Asian Am"
" : No hyphen in African American, Asian American and other dual heritage terms. #ACES2019 #ACESAPStyle"
" : NEW research shows that the risks of death from heart disease and stroke vary among Asian American subgroups, with the"
" : No hyphen in African American, Asian American and other dual heritage terms. #ACES2019 #ACESAPStyle"
"I AM SO THRILLED AND HAPPY TO SEE ALL THESE QUEER ASIAN AMERICAN MUSICIANS THRIVING!!"
" : Weird how my #thread on #CindyYang on #RubNTugGate was broken. Anywho, Cindy isn just a random member of Mar-a-Lago. S"
"  I wish they would add North American to the list of Native American and American Indian as "
" : I have pointed clients to  argument against hypenated Americans, and now I can point to  as well. #"
"#SaveTheDate from two barrier-breaking women,  Founder and CEO  and women's advocat "
" Just spoke with an 80 year old Asian-American #Veteran that fought four our great country in Vietn "
" :  hi! im tammy an asian american woman with a focus in visual development/character design participating again i"
" : American Military Aid to Israel Is Less Than It Seems. American commitments to Asian and European allies require more risk a"
"I understand people who feel that the hyphen is othering. Fine. Ditch the hyphen.  me, I absolutely put equal "
"it a good time to be a love of Alternative Rock/Pop and an Asian American Woman. thank u mitski, jay som, japanes "
" : Asian American, Latinx, Native American &amp; Native Hawaiian admits are up. Disturbingly, the percentages of African Ameri"
"  I partially disagree. Although your characterization obviously fits a lot of people, and "
"  She isn't of  indian/asian Race... She is an  American with hindu beliefs, nothing more dear"
" : This is significant. (At , we always defied the rule to use the hyphen and had compromised to only use it wh"
"American Military Aid to Israel Is Less Than It Seems. American commitments to Asian and European allies require mo "
" I shop at both Wegmans and Asian supermarkets. Around me in NJ, Wegmans is cheaper for American produ "
" : Why is there Asian American, African American, Latin Americans and you rarely hear European American? The only natives a"
" hi! im tammy an asian american woman with a focus in visual development/character design participat "
" : No more hyphenating African American, Asian American, etc."
"When the word  is applied to majority-Asian American Buddhist temples but not majority-white meditation "
"For this article, I was asked to write about  gulf that exists between Asian American and so-called convert Bu "
"Looking for dinner ideas on a meatless Friday? This Southern-American catfish recipe is a healthy alternative to fr "
" : One of my favorite parts of teaching at  is the ability to hold space for community. So thankful for "
" : for those that arent aware, in 2015 to 2016, 64 percent of tv shows did not include a single asian/asian american which"
"As #WHM 2019 comes to a close, be sure to read our spotlight on these 5 trailblazing Asian American women and see j "
" Really strong emphasis in a lot of Asian American families on schooling and excelling within the bounds o "
" I remember we had to ditch the hyphen in Asian American years ago after that incident I won mention."
"As an Asian-American doctor in the nuclear wasteland is a medieval occupation + your cat's name."
" : When a subject heritage is relevant, it important to respect the source preference. For example, someone who is Asian Am"
"When a subject heritage is relevant, it important to respect the source preference. For example, someone who "
"The African, Asian American, Chicano and Native American Studies Center houses groundbreaking works by incredible w "
"Read  explaining how hyphens connote an otherness, a sense that people of color are somehow not full cit "
" : I have pointed clients to  argument against hypenated Americans, and now I can point to  as well. #"
"We believe young people are going to put this city back on the right path. It's heartening to see members of the As "
" Dual heritage (Asian American, for example) no longer takes a hyphen; additions for asexual, bisexual "
" : No hyphen in African American, Asian American and other dual heritage terms. #ACES2019 #ACESAPStyle"
" : Members of an Asian-American GOP political group that Yang belonged to even began to worry that their group could be used"
"Theatre apologizes for canceling #Asian American panel on Miss Saigon, but panelists don't accept. #AAPI "
" How come you left out Asian-American students from your graphic?  #SHSAT"
" : Op Ed: I am a Japanese American, and I taken aback by the debate over whether Asians should be considered people of color."
" : AP's entry for dual heritage says to drop the hyphen in such terms as African American and Asian American. "
" : ALSO: No more hyphen in African American, Asian American.  hyphens serve to divide even when they are meant to conne"
" : In memory of author and MacDowell Fellow Katherine Min (8x 95-13), her friends and family are establishing a MacDowell"
" : No more hyphenating African American, Asian American, etc."
"#NYC friends - come by to be part of Matwaala, the South Asian Diaspora Poetry Festival, with reading and performan "
" Europe dgn American, pastu kita ada Hany mewakili Asian"
"When a subject heritage is relevant, it important to respect the source preference. Someone who is Asian Ame "
"Another (late) change: The entry for dual heritage says to drop the hyphen in such terms as African American and A "
" : Deal with a lot of,  cuz u criticize Rey/ Rose don mean u sexist HOW u criticize them.  woman is too powerfu"
" : Patsy Mink was the first nonwhite and first Asian-American woman elected to Congress. She coauthored Title IX based on her own ex"
""
" also no more hyphens for Asian American!"
"Download our free report on the #Asian American Market! the top markets that hold the highest opportunitie "
" : Host Monique Martin talks with #multicultural #marketing expert C Melgoza and TDW+Co Serena Li about how to understa"
"  -The longest positive job-growth streak on record.-Job openings are at an all-time hi "
" : The panel, called  American Perspectives on  Saigon: Stereotypes, History and Community, was called to discuss lo"
"And we shouldn have been surprised, because you know, what else is part of Asian American history, that we have "
" Asian or international markets. Better quality, better selection, better prices. Intl cuisines are mo "
"asian american struggle is being given a fork at asian-owned restaurants"
" : Indeed. African, American Indian, Hispanic, Asian and Aboriginal populations are known to suffer from higher rates of d"
"BACK 2 BEISBOL.. IM CONTEMPLATING GETTING SOME AMERICAN ASIAN CUISINE FOR DINNER TONIGHT. BUT MAYBE THAT WILL MAKE "
" : A big change to the : dropping the hyphen in duel American terms such as  American,  American,"
"I am totally with Jordan  on his statement regarding his casting choices. I dream to see the world when "
"VIA THE AUDITION CONNECTION: SPECS:: Looking for Woman or Man Asian American Ages 25-55 for High E "
"New addition to the story: Seats were marked up from $600 to $1,000. The ads also offered VIP packages for overnig "
"if you want to know why this is important,  says it best: "
" : As a non-Black Asian-American and/or non-Black person, you are still capable of appropriation because you exist within a"
"    Always fact check statistics about ur nation not just demonize immig "
"FraudWatch: Preventing Robocall Scams in the Asian American and Pacific ... "
"And from what I can see, 100% white, or very close to that.  As opposed to Grand Rapids demographics which is 59% n "
" : No hyphen in African American, Asian American and other dual heritage terms. #ACES2019 #ACESAPStyle"
" : Members of an Asian-American GOP political group that Yang belonged to even began to worry that their group could be used"
"Why is there Asian American, African American, Latin Americans and you rarely hear European American? The only nati "
" : Next week Tuesday celebrate Asian Pacific American Heritage Month at the Opening Ceremony in Live Oak! #APAHM  "
" : I have pointed clients to  argument against hypenated Americans, and now I can point to  as well. #"
" : AP's entry for dual heritage says to drop the hyphen in such terms as African American and Asian American. "
"Next week Tuesday celebrate Asian Pacific American Heritage Month at the Opening Ceremony in Live Oak! #APAHM  "
"   Yeah, for instance, like what about Asian-American women?"
"  Am I truly the only one who reads  American as putting more emphasis on the  "
"u know what sucks is that when ur growing up asian american ur parents usually want u to focus on strictly doing we "
". on race-related coverage and dual heritage:  hyphen for terms such as African American, Asian Amer "
" : ALSO: No more hyphen in African American, Asian American.  hyphens serve to divide even when they are meant to conne"
" : Wonderful news from ! CSG adviser and columnist  continues to influence style guides with his "
" : No more hyphenating African American, Asian American, etc."
" :  I kind of like the idea of an Asian American actress as Gracie Law tho. She still represent the perspe"
" : This is significant. (At , we always defied the rule to use the hyphen and had compromised to only use it wh"
"This is significant. (At , we always defied the rule to use the hyphen and had compromised to only "
" : Yall dont know how happy I am. I finally did it !!!!!!  news! Norfolk City: This is Home - So... was just selec"
" : there are many good changes to the  today but heads up everybody, it's now Asian American without a hyphen so i"
"there are many good changes to the  today but heads up everybody, it's now Asian American without a h "
"add 10 points for everything we share identity-wise with- male- black, nappy hair- brown eyes parents' "
" : Andrew Yang Talks Identity On The Campaign Trail, Growing Up Asian-American "
" Can't tell if you're being facetious, but this article is excellent if you're curious! ://t.co/GDllgykXr6"
"  How about you also put a wounded warrior on your panel or a border patrol agent or what about an "
" : As a non-Black Asian-American and/or non-Black person, you are still capable of appropriation because you exist within a"
"but tbh i've stopped caring about being microaggressed bc this is most likely the extent to which i'll face racism "
"They've also abandoned the hyphen in terms like African American and Asian American. Wonder why that matters? "
" I kind of like the idea of an Asian American actress as Gracie Law tho. She still represent the pe "
"Thanks for joining us again! Check our  fact sheet on #Census2020 to learn more! "
"The Associated Press has made a big change to : dropping the hyphen in dual heritage terms such as  "
"Yall dont know how happy I am. I finally did it !!!!!!  news! Norfolk City: This is Home - So... was jus "
"Another thought- the powers that be have done a bang up job removing the Asian American civil rights struggle from "
"AP's entry for dual heritage says to drop the hyphen in such terms as African American and Asian American. "
" :          "
"The Global Filipino United Methodists Movement will collaborate with the Asian American Language Ministry, an initi "
" Apparently our tweets are supposed to be AP Style...but sometimes I've used the percentage sign because o "
"#MaddieCorman &amp; #JudyGold played Margaret mall co-workers, and Ashley Johnson was neighbor kid? It was historic "
" : A big change to the : dropping the hyphen in duel American terms such as  American,  American,"
" : No hyphen for African American, Asian American... "
" : Host Monique Martin talks with #multicultural #marketing expert C Melgoza and TDW+Co Serena Li about how to understa"
"If you forget one man/woman soldier their celebration is in vain. Worldwide ALL members of the military...White, Bl "
" : it's good to know asian graphic designers didn't get dusted like the american ones "
" : National Council of Asian Indian Associations, GOPIO Virginia, American Association (ATA), NFIA, and other Indi"
" : OH NO...SAY IT ISN SO...MINNESOTA! the RAMIFICATIONS! 5th district is:% White% Black% Hisp"
"Asian American culture doesn exist"
" : No hyphen in African American, Asian American and other dual heritage terms. #ACES2019 #ACESAPStyle"
" : No hyphen for African American, Asian American... "
" : Those new American (aka immigrant) entrepreneurs sure can come up with some clever scams. we learn that an Asian"
" : An important note -- both parties have failed to sufficiently connect with asian americans, but that doesn't mean AAPIs a"
"No hyphen for African American, Asian American... "
" : Members of an Asian-American GOP political group that Yang belonged to even began to worry that their group could be used"
" : Patsy Mink was the first nonwhite and first Asian-American woman elected to Congress. She coauthored Title IX based on her own ex"
" : Yes! In the new national data set I can separate lynchings of Blacks from those of other racial/ethnic groups: Asian (main"
" : Indeed. African, American Indian, Hispanic, Asian and Aboriginal populations are known to suffer from higher rates of d"
" i get the opposite problem. people see , Wilson and think , he must be white and then get confus "
"  Asia is the market. It been demonstrated repeatedly that North American fans are unlike "
"There is no more hyphen for dual heritages: Asian American, African American, Filipino American POC, but people of color is "
" : ALSO: No more hyphen in African American, Asian American.  hyphens serve to divide even when they are meant to conne"
" : Wonderful news from ! CSG adviser and columnist  continues to influence style guides with his "
" My family is African-American and Asian so we can do that."
"After Overture cancels 'Miss Saigon' panel, Asian American scholars host 'teach-in' on street | Entertainment | "
" :   it's quite common for people of all backgrounds to reclaim language - that's why we have Yello"
"No hyphen in African American, Asian American and other dual heritage terms. #ACES2019 #ACESAPStyle"
" : Deal with a lot of,  cuz u criticize Rey/ Rose don mean u sexist HOW u criticize them.  woman is too powerfu"
"These Are the World's Best Airports (But U.S. Is a No-Show) airports dominated the top 10 slots. Vancouver w "
" : I have pointed clients to  argument against hypenated Americans, and now I can point to  as well. #"
"Deal with a lot of,  cuz u criticize Rey/ Rose don mean u sexist HOW u criticize them.  woman is t "
" : A big change to the : dropping the hyphen in duel American terms such as  American,  American,"
" : New rule: no hypen in African American, Asian American #ACES2019"
" : As a non-Black Asian-American and/or non-Black person, you are still capable of appropriation because you exist within a"
"it so nice to finally see a brand that is representing me and the many asian american girls in this country. grow "
"would kill for an Asian American theatre festival tbh"
"maybe instead of MISS SAIGON, put on a production of a play by an Asian American playwright?"
" : AP (finally) removes hyphen in African American, Asian American and other compound American identities!#ACESAPStyle  #"
"i asked my chinese tutor if she's in the IU asian american association... she said 1. im not asian american and 2. "
"it is 2019, why are you still doing MISS SAIGON? what other kind of discussions do you expect to happen in the cont "
"Wonderful news from ! CSG adviser and columnist  continues to influence style guides with his "
"A big change to the : dropping the hyphen in duel American terms such as  American,  Ame "
" : New endorsement for : CA Asian Pacific Islander (API) Legislative Caucus, headed by , has endorsed t"
"Join us on Monday, April 1st as we kick off Asian American Pacific Islander Month with cupcakes and cultural perfor "
"Host Monique Martin talks with #multicultural #marketing expert C Melgoza and TDW+Co Serena Li about how to u "
"New rule: no hypen in African American, Asian American #ACES2019"
"I have pointed clients to  argument against hypenated Americans, and now I can point to  as "
" : No hyphen for dual heritage terms such as African American, Asian American and Filipino America. The hyphen serves as a divide"
"  it's quite common for people of all backgrounds to reclaim language - that's why we h "
" : Enjoyed spending the afternoon holding a town hall with a group of incredible leaders from Las Vegas' Asian American and P"
"2019  drops hyphen for dual heritage: African American, Asian American, etc."
"AP (finally) removes hyphen in African American, Asian American and other compound American identities! "
"No more hyphenating African American, Asian American, etc."
" 2019: Big change  - no more hyphens for terms such as African American or Asian American #ACESAPStyle #ACES2019 "
"No hyphen for dual heritage terms such as African American, Asian American and Filipino America. The hyphen serves "
"ALSO: No more hyphen in African American, Asian American.  hyphens serve to divide even when they are meant to "
" : it's good to know asian graphic designers didn't get dusted like the american ones "
" removing hyphen from African American, Asian American and Filipino American. #ACESAPStyle #ACES2019"
"No hyphen for terms such as African American, Asian American, and Filipino American.  #ACES2019 #NotAtACES"
"  Im sure theres violent extremists within EAR too, but not of the same ilk. I could be wron "
" : Today feature is Patsy Mink, the first woman of color elected to the national legislature, and the first Asian American Con"
"Today feature is Patsy Mink, the first woman of color elected to the national legislature, and the first Asian Am "
"Kimmy talked to Andrew Yang  who, by the way, just attracted enough unique donors to be on the Democratic debate s "
" : The Smithsonian Asian Pacific American Center Learning Lab shines a light on Hawaiian queens for Women's History Month."
" : Members of an Asian-American GOP political group that Yang belonged to even began to worry that their group could be used"
" THE 2 #ASIAN #GROUPS IN MEMPHIS CONSIDERED AS 1 &amp;THAT SAME GOES FOR #WHITE #AMERICAN #GROUPS BUT #BLUE- "
" : it's good to know asian graphic designers didn't get dusted like the american ones "
" Blame the Chinese. The official American stance since Obama's Asian pivot."
" : Coverage around Andrew Yang is concentrated on his support for Universal Basic Income. He's also made headlines for takin"
" :   on the multiple uses of anger, activism, research and community work, and the frustrations of how often we"
" Sharil  green  I asian so Ofc  100, American horror story, well any horror serie "
"Our 2nd Campus Summit is SUNDAY March 31st at Georgia Tech! The theme is Illuminating Our Identity as we explore th "
" : An important note -- both parties have failed to sufficiently connect with asian americans, but that doesn't mean AAPIs a"
" : #Asian Americans defiantly hold teach-in after theatre cancels panel dissecting its production of Miss Saigon. #AAPI https://"
" : Having an asian American existential crisis"
" :   Yes; panelists (who were experts in Asian American studies) were uninvited less than 24 hours"
"Having an asian American existential crisis"
" : After  cancels #MissSaigon panel, Asian American scholars host 'teach-in' on street |  https:/"
" : Ignoring the chase for more record lows as  notes, the percentage of Asian American admits bumped up to 25.4%"
" : For any Asian Americans looking to learn about Asian American history and identity, I HIGHLY recommend reading this boo"
"I learned to speak up for myself and not let others cut me off this weekend. -Asian American female freshman stud "
" : For the middle of #FY2019,  only resettled 8% of the cap for Middle Eastern &amp; South Asian regions and 9% f"
"5) Optics class had mostly white and Asian students, and one African American man (he got the lowest grade)."
" You do realize that Mexico is winning b/c so many American, European and Asian companies are build "
" :   Wow! Why would that be?? What's going on that they don't want anyone other than Black Reporters"
"Op Ed: I am a Japanese American, and I taken aback by the debate over whether Asians should be considered people "
"Today on #VietnamWarVeteransDay, let us take the time to not just honor our fallen Veterans, but also pay tribute t "
" : Those new American (aka immigrant) entrepreneurs sure can come up with some clever scams. we learn that an Asian"
" What a scary crowd. black masks baseball bats riots screaming and shouting up ni "
"   When they say real American they mean white Protestant Anglo-Saxon. When they "
"After Overture cancels 'Miss Saigon' panel, Asian American scholars host 'teach-in' on street "
" : . went looking through UNT yearbooks and found images of people in blackface, racist language and students dresse"
" I mean there is a bit of Asian style to the character with the purple background. The drawing looks pur "
" : Since people are celebrating a failed imperialist war today, here's Alan Takemoto's take on Gidra's May 1972 cover re:"
"For the middle of #FY2019,  only resettled 8% of the cap for Middle Eastern &amp; South Asian regions a "
" : HEY YOU! Are you gonna be at Wondercon? ME TOO! Drop by the Super Asian American panel and say hi to me, , "
" : New endorsement for : CA Asian Pacific Islander (API) Legislative Caucus, headed by , has endorsed t"
" What about Asian or Native American or Hispanic reporters?"
" : TONIGHT! Support  at their FREE outdoor screening of CRAZY RICH ASIANS at Community Cinema &amp; Amphitheater! RSVP, ma"
" : HB3217 creating the Asian American Family Commission Act passes with overwhelming support! Happy to have been a co-sponsor"
"HB3217 creating the Asian American Family Commission Act passes with overwhelming support! Happy to have been a co- "
"TOMORROW Saturday, March 30th, we will be hosting a campus summit with Wesleyan's Asian American Student Collective "
" : Chicago's first and only all-Indian improv group Silly Point will be performing at The Asian American Showcase alongside MANY fu"
" : An older article about the importance of the Census as Census Day on April 1 approaches.://t.co/ZP3xqCTDbL "
"Chicago's first and only all-Indian improv group Silly Point will be performing at The Asian American Showcase alon "
"   American publishers are not interested in S. Asian translation, but I'm hopin "
"Get 10 free Lyft with this new Lyft code Lyft Code is: ZOOT    ~~ Laguna Cafe(American ?New?, Filipino, Asian Fusion)"
"Members of an Asian-American GOP political group that Yang belonged to even began to worry that their group could b "
" : New endorsement for : CA Asian Pacific Islander (API) Legislative Caucus, headed by , has endorsed t"
"from tofu to jackfruit to asian/south american/african vegetables its AMAZING how white vegetarians/white vegans ov "
" : An older article about the importance of the Census as Census Day on April 1 approaches.://t.co/ZP3xqCTDbL "
"The powerful history of Asian American resistance to the Vietnam War "
" : White celebrity: I an 1/18 Filipino.  American entertainment blogs: "
" : Anyone at #ncph2019 want to talk South Asian American history, please find me! Also, please circulate this great opportuni"
"An older article about the importance of the Census as Census Day on April 1 approaches.://t.co/ZP3xqCTDbL "
"FraudWatch: Preventing Robocall Scams in the Asian American and Pacific Islander Community "
"FraudWatch: Preventing Robocall Scams in the Asian American and Pacific Islander Community "
"FraudWatch: Preventing Robocall Scams in the Asian American and Pacific Islander Community "
"REACTIONARY responses to the headline and first paragraph--would jump on the bandwagon of anti-Asian-American the "
"'When as an Asian-American actor will I be asked to do a British accent? Lo and behold, Hellboy. - . "
"Mit dem Neffen ein paar Bilder gegoogelt, um sein Powerpoint-Referat zu den Kontinenten aufzupeppen. 'Europea "
" : Since people are celebrating a failed imperialist war today, here's Alan Takemoto's take on Gidra's May 1972 cover re:"
" :  is the first to have made an investment in immigration legal services for NYC's Asian American community thro"
"TONIGHT! Support  at their FREE outdoor screening of CRAZY RICH ASIANS at Community Cinema &amp; Amphithea "
" : Harvard University has announced its first freshman class since last autumn three-week trial challenging its admission"
"An Asian-American, #martialarts version of #PeakyBlinders? Colour me intrigued! "
" : An important note -- both parties have failed to sufficiently connect with asian americans, but that doesn't mean AAPIs a"
" : I was always excited about being able to learn it but then I thought to myself, 'When as an Asian-American actor will I be"
"I can't tell you how many times the following has happened: : Hi! I'm Emilee, nice to meet you(always a white "
"F120. Motherfucking Dystopias and Utopias in Contemporary Asian American Literature. (Chaya Bhuvaneswar, Jimin Ha "
" : Those new American (aka immigrant) entrepreneurs sure can come up with some clever scams. we learn that an Asian"
". will be hosting a panel discussion on Sat 4/6, 6-8PM, with UMD students on their college experience from "
"Meet Joo Young Lee, NCID postdoctoral fellow! Dr. Lee is a cultural historian of American &amp; Korean media &amp; cultures "
"ToM is celebrating the 8th anniversary of this post! ://t.co/ys0WrlGzjJ"
" :   Wow! Why would that be?? What's going on that they don't want anyone other than Black Reporters"
"I actually have a problem, on nativist grounds, with an elite school being 3/4 Asian. the NY Times believes in "
" : Want to enjoy the spring weather, see a movie, and support a good cause? Join us and  next Friday for an outdoor sc"
"The Capital Times After Overture cancels 'Miss Saigon' panel, Asian American scholars host 'teach-in' on street "
"After Overture cancels 'Miss Saigon' panel, Asian American scholars host 'teach-in' on street "
" : Hi, I edit for , and we're looking for pitches for news stories! If you're a journalist writing about Asian Ameri"
"Oh btw, the fake news instigated by your 1st gen parents against Asian American women since the 1990s, as if they s "
"         "
" : HEY YOU! Are you gonna be at Wondercon? ME TOO! Drop by the Super Asian American panel and say hi to me, , "
"  exactly, like, you can say you're european or asian but if i say im american then "
"also tho im glad to see american media having more diversed casts but we could really do better in the asian depart "
"I was writing out of American imagism but I was also writing out of what I learned from Asian and Asian American po "
" : See  at The Asian American Showcase! 13 - 8PM  / Special Food Tasting Event before the film!"
" The first Asian-American to serve in U.S. Senate, starting in 1959, was a Republican "
"  Progress: The percentage of Asian-American admits increased to 25.4 percent, from 22.7 perc "
"Big City: Stop Fixating on One Elite High School, Stuyvesant. There Are Bigger. "
"  Well then we have a huge problem with caucasians trying to look asian and even japanese (on "
" : it's good to know asian graphic designers didn't get dusted like the american ones "
" : Asian American, Latinx, Native American &amp; Native Hawaiian admits are up. Disturbingly, the percentages of African Ameri"
"I was always excited about being able to learn it but then I thought to myself, 'When as an Asian-American actor w "
" Lots of the Asian people who I work around have taken on American names, many haven't.  Lots of them "
"It's neither abhorrent OR inhumane, it's the LAW. Immigrants MUST be American citizens to reside here. Even ppl who "
" : A Saturday morning highlighting quotes in Andre Gunder Frank - 'It is completely counterfactual and antihistorical to clai"
" actors have defended... "
"it's good to know asian graphic designers didn't get dusted like the american ones "
"Overture cancels Asian American panel on 'Miss Saigon' "
" :  I like to explore Asian and also South American and African lore."
"Is  Nationalism  the same as white ppl who love their country? If so, then we also have Black  and Brown nat "
"Our headquarters was originally the home of American philanthropists &amp; art collectors Larz &amp; Isabel Anderson, who d "
"VIA THE AUDITION CONNECTION: SPECS:: Looking for Woman or Man Asian American Ages 25-55 for High E "
"Pangit mag mukbang ng mga american pota ang aarte e nasasayang ako sa pagkain nila ok padin mga asian e walang dada lamon lang hahaahaha"
"Since people are celebrating a failed imperialist war today, here's Alan Takemoto's take on Gidra's May 1972 cover "
"Overture cancels Asian American panel on 'Miss Saigon' "
"oh my god there's an asian american journal of psychology://t.co/hzxt1nVZQf"
" : In 1964, long before this generation Andrew Yang and Kamala Harris, there was the distinguished Asian American senator fro"
" :  Southeast Asian other description missing that might clarify the situation CNN? "
" : Andrew Yang sat down with HuffPost to discuss his heritage and the struggle to find his identity.  think that what gave"
"The event is co-sponsored by , , the Asian/Pacific/American Institute at NYU, and the NYU Climate "
" : For every white male dollar:- Asian American women earn 87 cents- White women earn 79 cents- Black women earn 63 cent"
"BTS may have some english/american influences (music wise) but they don't let that change them or eat them entirely "
"Asian American Panel Rejects Apology from Theatre in Miss Saigon "
"I have a friend whose mom works in this field and she offered to let me get in touch, and now I have some numbers o "
"  Correct - Asian Americans consistently vote of liberal Democrats by wide margins. Pro-immigr "
"Searching for Asian American composers to score upcoming documentary podcast... "
" is the first to have made an investment in immigration legal services for NYC's Asian American communit "
" : Japanese-American activists fold over 10,000 paper cranes to show solidarity at Texas detention facility "
"Those new American (aka immigrant) entrepreneurs sure can come up with some clever scams. we learn that an A "
" : Ignoring the chase for more record lows as  notes, the percentage of Asian American admits bumped up to 25.4%"
" your district is 57% Black, 40.8% White, .5% Asian, 1.5% Hispanic, .3% Native American, and .1% other "
" Daybreakers or any other vampire movie ;) (in other news, I was looking for one of ur older tweets on bei "
"where you are competing against other Asian kids for admission in a limited quota for Asians school can admitt "
"  So crime watch has the story of a half ASIAN American cop that was convicted of rapin "
"Annual attendance among USA moviegoers increased from 4.7 visits to 5, with age groups of 12-17 and 18-24 at the hi "
" : One in four of about 40 million family caregivers in the U.S are millennials and more than half of them identify as African-Americ"
"I hate when the race and ethnicity boxes are separate. I not White, Black, Asian, Bi/Multi-racial, or Native Amer "
"Japanese-American activists fold over 10,000 paper cranes to show solidarity at Texas detention facility "
" : Patsy Mink was the first nonwhite and first Asian-American woman elected to Congress. She coauthored Title IX based on her own ex"
" : Indeed. African, American Indian, Hispanic, Asian and Aboriginal populations are known to suffer from higher rates of d"
" i asian american and people like to make jokes about me  dogs, which i don because ani "
"Don't sleep on the Hmong vote - they were *the* ethnic vote in #Minnesota 2004. Also  on fire! Cc: "
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
"  You can't possibly support the Asian American film community with this this take. There's "
" : Please apply. There are so many important stories best told by African, Asian and Latin American journalists. Deadline"
" : younger me could not have imagined one day teaching queer asian american poets to queer asian american students. so wil"
"In a move that baffled several of the speakers, Overture CEO Sandra Gajic canceled the panel earlier that morning, "
" :  American activists are treating education like a zero sum game, as if ceding even 20% of the spots at these elite scho"
"   The African-American, Mexican American and Asian American unemployment has "
"Andrew Yang sat down with HuffPost to discuss his heritage and the struggle to find his identity.  think that w "
"There is a Wiki page American TV series with Asian leads organized by decade. In the 90s (when I was born) there "
" :  I like to explore Asian and also South American and African lore."
" : New endorsement for : CA Asian Pacific Islander (API) Legislative Caucus, headed by , has endorsed t"
" : For #WomensHistoryMonth, we celebrate March Fong Eu, the first Asian American in the country to serve in a state legislature."
" : 1/ It looks like the  in Madison cancelled a panel of Asian-American scholars who were going to discuss the Ce"
" : After  cancels #MissSaigon panel, Asian American scholars host 'teach-in' on street |  https:/"
"Didn't see any African-American here, but significant numbers of Latinx and Asian-Americans "
"After  cancels #MissSaigon panel, Asian American scholars host 'teach-in' on street |  "
"Andrew Yang sat down with HuffPost to discuss his heritage and the struggle to find his identity.  think that w "
" : HEY YOU! Are you gonna be at Wondercon? ME TOO! Drop by the Super Asian American panel and say hi to me, , "
" : I spoke with The Voice contender Jej Vinson about the struggles of Asian-American singers &amp; how he found his voice. WATCH"
"For #WomensHistoryMonth, we celebrate March Fong Eu, the first Asian American in the country to serve in a state le "
" : AMEN. #Veritas the American Public deserves to know the Truth! A Coup d', if the evidence leads to proving that amou"
"  So, while disaggrefation helps us understand more fully the Asian American experience, "
" : Mark your calendars!   is Exploring Mental Health next week! Hear from a panel of our own NC State Asian-Am"
" : . went looking through UNT yearbooks and found images of people in blackface, racist language and students dresse"
"AMEN. #Veritas the American Public deserves to know the Truth! A Coup d', if the evidence leads to proving that "
" : An important note -- both parties have failed to sufficiently connect with asian americans, but that doesn't mean AAPIs a"
"  Yes; panelists (who were experts in Asian American studies) were uninvited less than "
" : #NDTCtrained  won his election in Dyer, IN by 82 votes, making him the youngest legislator in IN &amp; the state f"
" : OH NO...SAY IT ISN SO...MINNESOTA! the RAMIFICATIONS! 5th district is:% White% Black% Hisp"
"  don want people to wait to notice us and what we have to offer.  can tell storie "
"High School  Production Wins Internet "
" I a Filipino American named Juan living in San Diego.  either people think I Mexican or my St "
"#Asian American panel on Miss Saigon abruptly canceled before opening night. Teach-in held in protest. #AAPI "
" :  In honor of Children Picture Book Day today, here are 9 AAPI-authored children's books: #Ch"
"In my experience, the pressure that Asian families exert on their children takes the form not of actively demandin "
" :   Wow! Why would that be?? What's going on that they don't want anyone other than Black Reporters"
"She and her ethnomusicologist husband saw a lack of archives for Asian American music, so they started one. #s26 #ncph2019"
"Now Mandi Magnuson-Hung on the Music of Asian American Research Center. She's the co-founder of the org. but not a "
"Mandi's spouse Eric (also on the panel) is a musicologist who found repositories lacking in Asian American music #s26 #NCPH2019"
"Next: The Archives in the Community - Music of Asian American Research Centre. #ncph2019 #s26"
"Next up: a speaker (name missed, sadly) from the Music of Asian American Research Center #s26 #ncph2019"
" : Ignoring the chase for more record lows as  notes, the percentage of Asian American admits bumped up to 25.4%"
"Ignoring the chase for more record lows as  notes, the percentage of Asian American admits bumped up t "
"The best airports in the world was the highest-ranking North American airport in a global ranking for be "
" : For someone like me, who is Asian-American, I had grown up never seeing ... a story that centered [around] my experience. To be"
"After Overture cancels 'Miss Saigon' panel, Asian American scholars host 'teach-in' on street via /r/asianamerican "
" :       Here's the latest on this story: https:/"
"Harvard University has announced its first freshman class since last autumn three-week trial challenging its admi "
" Just read some other comments found the book and the author.  An authorative source. He has a few funn "
" : The percentage of Asian-American admits increased to 25.4 percent, from 22.7 percent last year  the first time a non-white rac"
"The percentage of Asian-American admits increased to 25.4 percent, from  22.7 percent last year  the first time a "
"Harvard Asian-American admits increase after lawsuit alleging admissions policies unlawfully discriminate against "
" : Who is allowed the American Dream? wrote about the diversity problem at NYC's specialized high schools, the SHSAT con"
"The percentage of Asian-American admits increased to 25.4 percent, from 22.7 percent last year  the first time a "
" : 2018 was a landmark year for Asian representation in American film and television. Actors like Manny Jacinto (The Good P"
"    BS I'm not American but you can definitely see it being done in La "
"      Here's the latest on this stor "
"I'm a proud Black Man said the Black Man. I'm a proud Mexican Man said the Mexican guy. I'm a proud Asian Man "
"  The fact that there are differences within all racial groups doesn't mean we should ignore "
" : Agreed. But what #preK ? Chopped liver? #Segregation has been a major problem w/ signature"
"An American Jew, an African Jew, an Asian Jew &amp; a Yemeni Jew..#Zionists want you to believe that they are all fro "
" JK Rowling reveals that you thought harry potter was white, but he's actually a white native American African "
" wish I had done it better: de Blasio reflects on the rollout of his specialized high school plan "
"An homage to Japanese American activists protesting at a detention center in Texas this weekend: "
"    We know they were sold by their families as slaves to North America "
"this american guy won stop flooding me dude wtf i like asian charot"
"  "
" : 1/ It looks like the  in Madison cancelled a panel of Asian-American scholars who were going to discuss the Ce"
"This doesn really sound like an apology, but this is probably all the NYC mayor is willing to give to the Asian A "
" : If you pay attention to NBA basketball  and even if you don  you may have heard of the  phenomenon.Jeremy Lin,"
"We also i believe go through identity crisis because we mostly relate to asian culture but also want to be part of "
" : An important note -- both parties have failed to sufficiently connect with asian americans, but that doesn't mean AAPIs a"
"The Truth About American Aid to Israel. U.S. commitments to Asian and European allies require more risk and sacrifi "
" : Thanks for the love, y! (ICYMI: I hopped onto the Model Majority podcast to talk Asian American state legislature ca"
" : When visiting someone sick: :  you speedy recovery.:  well soon:  my GOD! I k"
" : Coverage around Andrew Yang is concentrated on his support for Universal Basic Income. He's also made headlines for takin"
"  Wow! Why would that be?? What's going on that they don't want anyone other than Black Repor "
" ...also, that American car is probably the  wrangler,  which still has German, Italian and "
"An important note -- both parties have failed to sufficiently connect with asian americans, but that doesn't mean A "
" And there you have it  the dem created crisis at our border to accuse white Americans of not bein "
"Ole VASA Culture Show explores living  the hyphen of Asian-American identity "
"I just got  in English by an Asian American "
"This is beyond stupid, we are either all Americans regardless of color or not. I am an American &amp; I don't judge peo "
" : Hi I'm Jenn! I'm an Asian American board artist/animator and i love animating to music and drawing without a plan! #Vis"
" :    Yes but atrocity peddling, fuelling class and now gender warfare in African, sou"
" : Please apply. There are so many important stories best told by African, Asian and Latin American journalists. Deadline"
"   Yes but atrocity peddling, fuelling class and now gender warfare in African "
" : So US demand matters but we have a clue of US demand before US data is released from Asia. So wut does Asian data tell us"
"People who are American mostly treat spanish music like ifs thier own because spanish people look more similar to A "
" : The  needs to read this after cancellation of a panel discussion of Asian American scholars about the Cent"
" : New endorsement for : CA Asian Pacific Islander (API) Legislative Caucus, headed by , has endorsed t"
" : National Council of Asian Indian Associations, GOPIO Virginia, American Association (ATA), NFIA, and other Indi"
"National Council of Asian Indian Associations, GOPIO Virginia, American Association (ATA), NFIA, and other I "
"9 Asian and Asian-American Trendsetters Changing the Fashion Game  Study "
" : Now there were God-fearing Jews from every nation under heaven staying in Jerusalem. Asian Jews, Native American Jews, an"
" I want to... but I an American girl with no Asian in her what so ever "
"Agreed. But what #preK ? Chopped liver? #Segregation has been a major problem w/ signat "
" It's a joint project between a Thai studio and an American one, it will be broadcasted on Netflix and v "
" nice to know that the Asian community has an interest in the Mexican American/ latino culture :)"
" :  American activists are treating education like a zero sum game, as if ceding even 20% of the spots at these elite scho"
" : OK, ladies and gents, this is what Leftist racism looks like in 2019. Only Black press allowed in a Georgia mayoral race"
" : Team SuperMarrow &amp; Friends are fighting cancer together .  We invite you to join the fight today! #JoinTheJo"
" : Indeed. African, American Indian, Hispanic, Asian and Aboriginal populations are known to suffer from higher rates of d"
"Indeed. African, American Indian, Hispanic, Asian and Aboriginal populations are known to suffer from higher rates "
" :  AMEN. #Veritas the American Public deserves to know the Truth! A Coup d', if the evidence leads to proving"
" And they think they're clever by centering Stalin as the key figure to dump all their accusations on. "
"If you are of Mexican descent, have 10% African American blood, are a descendant of Geronomo, or Asian American you "
" :  I like to explore Asian and also South American and African lore."
" Kenyan fans beg for such appreciation just as you place attention to the Asian and American markets"
"The Truth About American Aid to Israel 18,000 people descended on the Walter E. Washington Convention Center "
"  Millions of Americans with names like Brendan, Vito, Caitlin, Ricardo and Moira?  I thin "
" : Done!  My (for purchase at the event) piece for THE NEON LOTUS gallery show in LA opening Friday, April 9th. It a dope as"
"The Truth About American Aid to Israel: U.S. commitments to Asian and European allies require more risk and sacrifi "
"If you pay attention to NBA basketball  and even if you don  you may have heard of the  phenomenon.J "
"all the feels Gurl--every Asian American- Seung is Korean, I think Koreans have been here longer than Czechs an "
" : This Asian American student's parents are prepared to sell their house to pay for grad school: if I failed to earn scholarships"
"  While we can appreciate our Asian brothers and sistas......let support our Afro-American si "
"   What race is an Australian? What race is an American? What race is an As "
" : "
" : Honored to have met today with Ambassadors and representatives of , Asian, African, Latin American, European,countries in T"
" I was researching colorism within the Asian (and Asian American) community for a paper in my Ethnic W "
"  Don't underestimate that she would also be the first Asian American to head a national ticket."
"Meet the Millennial Georgian Inspiring Asian American Voters #inspiring #inspire "
"Andrew Yang Talks Identity On The Campaign Trail, Growing Up Asian-American "
" : CertiK was pleased to host 6 young and passionate Yale undergrads during their Spring Break Externship Program, established"
"some people upset about jordan fisher as john ambrose but aren't upset about lana condor not being korean-american "
" : . went looking through UNT yearbooks and found images of people in blackface, racist language and students dresse"
" BLONDE AMERICAN FIT KAYLA FUCKS ASIAN NEIGHBOR "
"#MissSaigonFuckYou #Viet If you put on this show YOU'RE A COCKFUCKER. And no one wants to get their cock fucked. It "
" : HEY YOU! Are you gonna be at Wondercon? ME TOO! Drop by the Super Asian American panel and say hi to me, , "
"Only black reporters allowed in Georgia mayoral race event reporters were denied entry, while at least two bl "
" : When you half American and half Asian. (He cute tho) "
"When you half American and half Asian. (He cute tho) "
" : Who is allowed the American Dream? wrote about the diversity problem at NYC's specialized high schools, the SHSAT con"
" : Come to our teach-in tonight on Miss Saigon!!  We had to take it to the streets after The Overture Center decided Asian Amer"
"  Absolutely heaving. You cannot begin to imagine it. It's on the  circuit for Asian and Americ "
" Asian American activists are treating education like a zero sum game, as if ceding even 20% of the spots at t "
" you just gotta find books that make you wanna keep reading alsdkfjsadlkjfsa.'ve just read. a Lo "
" :          "
" : In the future late capitalist dystopian hellscape of 20XX, we will exhaust all possible boba pun/portmanteau-type cafe"
"Andrew Yang Talks Identity On The Campaign Trail, Growing Up Asian-American Democratic presidential candidate c "
"Andrew Yang Talks Identity On The Campaign Trail, Growing Up Asian-American - HuffPost "
"Asian airports continue to lead the #Skytrax2019 ranking. first American airport in the list is at 32nd Positio "
"   Too many candidates already have the spotlight and yes its sealed off, its "
" : For any Asian Americans looking to learn about Asian American history and identity, I HIGHLY recommend reading this boo"
" : Please apply. There are so many important stories best told by African, Asian and Latin American journalists. Deadline"
""
"In this Asian century, Singapore can be the City of the World, just like New York and London in the preceding Ameri "
"Here's a great article by  about colorism as well! Definitely worth the read!://t.co/VSnEH9KlVo"
"  Wasn't Asian burning American recycled plastic and is no longer taking  it since the tariffs? S "
" : Thank you so much for your support!  I so glad to inspire Asian American activism!! "
" Seeing it was written in some East Asian language, I believe it was making a criticism of American "
"   How stupid. Trump didn ever say anything about keeping the US as whi "
"Thank you so much for your support!  I so glad to inspire Asian American activism!! "
" : Before Saturday, we wanted to share the readers' entries, starting with  on Joseph O. Legaspi's Threshol"
"omg  is really the first Asian-American actor in history to headline a mainstream thriller film in Holl "
" ... so a white man should be considered to play the role of an asian man growing up in america? or a wh "
" : HEY YOU! Are you gonna be at Wondercon? ME TOO! Drop by the Super Asian American panel and say hi to me, , "
" : Andrew Yang sat down with HuffPost to discuss his heritage and the struggle to find his identity.  think that what gave m"
" : The  needs to read this after cancellation of a panel discussion of Asian American scholars about the Cent"
" : Andrew Yang sat down with HuffPost to discuss his heritage and the struggle to find his identity.  think that what gav"
" :  #look #alike wow both are #public #figure one in USA and one in India one is american (White) one is asian i"
" Don't get me wrong: I really enjoy Wong Fu, and strongly support the Asian American film community. But "
"What a great night! The Asian Pacific American Labor Alliance (APALA) honored David De La Torre  with "
" #look #alike wow both are #public #figure one in USA and one in India one is american (White) one is a "
" Con'td probably why I watch more Asian sitcoms than American sitcoms (too long and often get cancele "
" : New endorsement for : CA Asian Pacific Islander (API) Legislative Caucus, headed by , has endorsed t"
"Andrew Yang Habla De La Identidad En La Campa, Con Un Crecimiento De-Am "
" : We are here at Frist Campus Center  with the Asian American Students Association writing postcards (and drinki"
"Andrew Yang sat down with HuffPost to discuss his heritage and the struggle to find his identity.  think that w "
"Liked on YouTube: What it's Like Being an Asian American with Mental Illness "
"   African-American unemployment hit a record low of 5.9 percent in May 2018 "
"   Job openings are at an all-time high and outnumber job seekers for the fi "
" : Have you registered for our Asian American and Pacific Islander Networking Breakfast? A great way to share success &amp; challe"
" : The Asian American community is growing in the Midwest. This also means the Asian American electorate is growing and becoming"
"  ..what you are going to lose. on the other hand the unemployment of African Americans, the Hi "
"  It's time for White, Native American, Asian etc History Months. If you think any ot "
" : plz why r white ppl sp afraid to call black ppl black my teacher was talking abt diversity in our college n he was like "
"VIP League Sports Streams bring you all kinds of football. From European soccer leagues like the EPL, SPL and La li "
"Now, will that poster be defaced like the Tea poster? Anyone who has studied the Asian American theatre movement "
" : The AAPI community in Nevada is growing, according to the 2016 National Asian American Survey, showing a 21% jump between 20"
"For an Asian-American Family, the Cost of Education - The New York Times #HBCU #HBCUnews"
" : European, American &amp; Asian visitors should be made aware of these discriminatory interpretations of law that might impact"
" :  I like to explore Asian and also South American and African lore."
" : Who is allowed the American Dream? wrote about the diversity problem at NYC's specialized high schools, the SHSAT con"
" : Former Executive Director of the White House Asian-American &amp; Pacific Islanders Initiative, Kiran Ahuja "
"Tomorrow! An important lecture at Yale University. Thank you for inviting me, Asian American Students Alliance at Y "
" Lee is Korean American so maybe if you can relinquish the tired narrative of asian fetish at least don "
"I also have a history degree, earned by studying Asian American protests of shitty yellowfaced musicals. So no, I'm "
" He looks Asian as well as American Indian...... its nice to see diversity"
"Four Asian-American women you didn't learn about in school "
" :          "
" : I'm Jenn, an Asian American concept artist + illustrator. Love working with fantastical characters, environments, &amp; ink! #"
"Thanks for the love, y! (ICYMI: I hopped onto the Model Majority podcast to talk Asian American state legisla "
"What's your name?James Au.Au as in gold? Or is that French?It's a Chinese surname. I'm biracial.Oh "
"Full disclosure, I was the production dramaturg for YDYD, and it was a VERY White production team. But its releva "
"thursday was my last day at gdc. i got boba with    and a couple other asian-american "
"HEY YOU! Are you gonna be at Wondercon? ME TOO! Drop by the Super Asian American panel and say hi to me, , "
" : . went looking through UNT yearbooks and found images of people in blackface, racist language and students dresse"
"Most amazing missing political factor in the NYC special school fights are the Asian-American lefty elites, who hav "
"Andrew Yang sat down with HuffPost to discuss his heritage and the struggle to find his identity.  think that w "
"It does go back to programming. Miss Saigon with Pryce on Broadway back in 1990 was a giant insult to the advance "
" I really wonder how other people (not fans)or American and European fans react to the issue of their le "
" : Shout out to my friends in Madison. "
"Andrew Yang sat down with HuffPost to discuss his heritage and the struggle to find his identity.  think that w "
"YOUR FAMILY HOME MOVIES COULD BE FEATURED IN A NEW PBS SERIES,  ASIAN AMERICANS us preserve community fi "
"1/ It looks like the  in Madison cancelled a panel of Asian-American scholars who were going to disc "
"LET GOOO  ! -&gt; sat down with HuffPost to discuss his heritage and the struggle to find his identity.  "
"There you have it. not Jewish  Asian-American, in fact  so if my reaction to that clip was sheer revulsion, "
" I like to explore Asian and also South American and African lore."
"Every vid seems to be what to do differently as one Asian and one American. SHUT UP."
"If I had some Asian Chicks working for me at a massage Parlor they better know how to count American Money &amp; get my "
"The  needs to read this after cancellation of a panel discussion of Asian American scholars about th "
"An Asian American athlete performing majestically on ice to an Asian American artist song. This is quality conten "
"Follow me for South Asian and Latin American diaspora discourse xxxx (and if you want annoying ML memes on ur TL)"
" : Shame that  canceled a needed and critical convo on the orientalist / romanticized depiction of the #VietnamWa"
" : Hey #MadisonWI &amp; anti-racist friends, please be aware of what's happening in Madison with 's production of"
" : Andrew Yang sat down with HuffPost to discuss his heritage and the struggle to find his identity.  think that what g"
" : Shout out to my friends in Madison. "
" : Theater is a stage for debate about representation in the latest by  &amp;   The Overture Center ca"
" : Hey #Bulldogs! As part of Asian American Pacific Islander Heritage Month and Mental Health Awareness Month in May, the"
" :  Do better  &amp; do it soon. Print  program note. Publicly apologize to the panelis"
"   He won't bother rich whites.  All the blames are on asian american and SHSAT."
"#AndrewYang Talks #Identity On The #Campaign #Trail, #Growing #Up #AsianAmerican #Indivisible #Democrats "
"1 of 3 Ginseng  Used in Traditional Chinese Medicine for centuries. There are many types of ginseng (fresh, white, "
"Check out the activities at Purdue for March 29 (Friday) :  Lunch &amp; Learn (Special Friday Edition!), 12-1pm, Purd "
" Do better  &amp; do it soon. Print  program note. Publicly apologize to the p "
" : Please apply. There are so many important stories best told by African, Asian and Latin American journalists. Deadline"
" This is not an acceptable apology. It doesn acknowledge Gajic reactive disrespect for the Asian "
" : For an Asian-American Family, the Cost of Education "
" : he literally just yelled asian-american rights and I'm so thankful for that "
"Chinese,European,American,Asian beauties are waiting for you"
" : As part of CAAM ongoing work to support emerging and established Asian American filmmakers, we are excited to announce 15 proje"
" : Coverage around Andrew Yang is concentrated on his support for Universal Basic Income. He's also made headlines for takin"
"Good article, makes you think about another facet of racism. Someone has actually said they wanted to adopt me b "
" wait, the guy who owns it is chinese and doesn't mind using the name chink? like that Asia "
" : New endorsement for : CA Asian Pacific Islander (API) Legislative Caucus, headed by , has endorsed t"
"Big takeaway from the Asian American caucus: we're diverse, y'all; come thru! #AWP19   "
" :  No I am at home watching and I have noticed that when President Trump talks at these rallies, he speaks to a m"
"    There have been many changes  Jobs then people looking Supr "
"        "
"Recently, members of APASO and the APIDA community represented MSU at the Spring Midwest Asian American Students Un "
" : "
" : Overture Center's CEO has apologized for cancelling a panel on Asian American representation in Miss Saigon, but took the"
" : Japanese-American activists will bring paper cranes to show solidarity with migrant families://t.co/tTh5ulAeTS"
" Dare I say that masculinity is slightly more difficult for Asian men in an American context? He does it really well, though."
"Night crew is how i call my american/asian followers when here is deep night and it's daytime there."
" : Who is allowed the American Dream? wrote about the diversity problem at NYC's specialized high schools, the SHSAT con"
" : Chicago food! Went for mostly American Meals  might as well,  but I had Enough and am glad to be home for some good"
" : #NDTCtrained  won his election in Dyer, IN by 82 votes, making him the youngest legislator in IN &amp; the state f"
"  Once again..what do you take to make you do civically irresponsible, ignorant &amp; del "
" : 2. The push for her to show her personality? That kind of stings and reminds me of moments of my life when as an Asian-A"
" Speaking from one fellow Asian American to another from NY, I had the same style. I think we all did, even the hair."
"15. I did a little bit of research and it seems that the city of Savannah population is majority black as of the "
" : #eatingdisorder #compensatorybehaviors have been found to differ between race and ethnic minorities in undergraduate women. Wh"
"Former Executive Director of the White House Asian-American &amp; Pacific Islanders Initiative, Kiran Ahuja "
"   Why Trump fighting so fiercely Latin American immigration when C "
"LATINOS. we black, white, brown Christian, Muslim, catholic, Asian, European, American, African"
"2. The push for her to show her personality? That kind of stings and reminds me of moments of my life when as an As "
"I can't wait to see posts that just have information in them first Asian senator first transgender black wrestler f "
" : Where are the Asian-American Leading Women in Film? #statusofwomen    "
"COLUMN: Scientists letter reveals Asian-American anxieties "
" So you're going to take money from Asian men and give it to Hispanic women and Native American women? Sounds good!"
" : Now there were God-fearing Jews from every nation under heaven staying in Jerusalem. Asian Jews, Native American Jews, an"
"Reporter at  Vivian Yee  #WomensHistoryMonth ://t.co/tVS484NhWv..."
"Writer and storyteller, Frankie Huang  #WomensHistoryMonth ://t.co/6ESJYBTvOh..."
" :  is how all revolutions are started and maintained.  on the relationship between Kundiman &amp; CantoMund"
" : Tonight at 6 PM in E147-148, we'll be holding our annual Asian American Caucus with , , , "
" : submit! one week til the deadline! "
"Nobody:  Rowling: I intended John Mulaney to be a proud Asian American Woman, and she will be treated as such"
"Woohoo!  Broadway star Taylor Louderman to play Female Lead character Auggie Shen in the Asian American TV show Emp "
"Latin american, Asian yeah, European nay ( -__-) I'm a racist.."
" : Asian American, Latinx, Native American &amp; Native Hawaiian admits are up. Disturbingly, the percentages of African Ameri"
" : In memory of author and MacDowell Fellow Katherine Min (8x 95-13), her friends and family are establishing a MacDowell"
" : younger me could not have imagined one day teaching queer asian american poets to queer asian american students. so wil"
"Please apply. There are so many important stories best told by African, Asian and Latin American journalists. Deadl "
"translation: we are mad the asian american studies wonks were going to say excessively mean things about the racist "
"still wild to me that one bitch who repeatedly tried to defend north koreas government like 'no america pays those "
"No culture is interchangeable.  I am constantly frustrated with the broad generalizations.  I am Asian American, bu "
" :   Asians don think themselves as more superior,  we (I am Asian American) just think we like to hold"
" : The panel, called  American Perspectives on  Saigon: Stereotypes, History and Community, was called to discuss lo"
" : We are here at Frist Campus Center  with the Asian American Students Association writing postcards (and drinki"
" Not super related, but...any resources/historical data on Asian-American church planters in America?"
"    It's White Swing State Voters who swung the election for Trump. And "
"I used to live in rural Wisconsin. Now I live in California's largest inland city. I have been a real American in "
""
" : "
"Chicago food! Went for mostly American Meals  might as well,  but I had Enough and am glad to be home for "
"    And how would you teach your child? To be apologist and accept every oth "
"And the American artist even involved herself along with her manager and accused the Asian artist of using bot! And "
"When Asian artists surpass American artists the fans call asian artists cheating! They need to realise that good mu "
" : Who is allowed the American Dream? wrote about the diversity problem at NYC's specialized high schools, the SHSAT con"
" : New endorsement for : CA Asian Pacific Islander (API) Legislative Caucus, headed by , has endorsed t"
" The same number who have been LGBT. And the same number who have been Asian-American and Latino. You "
" : . went looking through UNT yearbooks and found images of people in blackface, racist language and students dresse"
" Some of the dishes listed in there aren even Chinese. Maybe get a Chinese American to write this instea "
" : Overture Center's CEO has apologized for cancelling a panel on Asian American representation in Miss Saigon, but took the"
" : After Overture cancels 'Miss Saigon' panel, Asian American scholars host 'teach-in' on street "
" : Theater is a stage for debate about representation in the latest by  &amp;   The Overture Center ca"
" : Why diversity matters in comics: so you can see Asian American superheroes fighting over the restaurant check. Thanks, "
"How to Make an Impact in the Film World as a Person of Color: The Tribeca All Access Program "
" it usually associated with systemic racism which is the content of the specific dialogue I was havi "
"After fierce pushback from some members of the Asian-American community,  said he wished he'd done a bette "
"Embrace black stories. Embrace Asian stories. Embrace Native American stories. Mexican, Indian, Middle-Eastern, etc "
"  Agreed. We are moving from the American Century to the Asian Century: Invasion of 2003 - Str "
" : Coverage around Andrew Yang is concentrated on his support for Universal Basic Income. He's also made headlines for takin"
" : Celebrated  alum , the recipient of the 2019 Justice in Action Award at the 45th Anniversary Cele"
"he literally just yelled asian-american rights and I'm so thankful for that "
" check online and stuff too!! there might be resources and databases w scholarships for xuz demographic : "
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
" : Now there were God-fearing Jews from every nation under heaven staying in Jerusalem. Asian Jews, Native American Jews, an"
" This! I am an Affirmative Action officer who is Armenian-American. The U.S. gov't almost changed t "
" : Have you reserved your seat to attend the largest procurement and business conference for Asian American businesses and profes"
"Now there were God-fearing Jews from every nation under heaven staying in Jerusalem. Asian Jews, Native American Je "
" In the hallway an Asian American woman locked eyes with me and mouthed:  you. A black man squ "
"Andrew Yang Talks Identity On The Campaign Trail, Growing Up Asian-American "
" : I must say I agree. Asian music rules  And this is coming from an American with no Asian roots whatsoever  https://"
" :  In honor of Children Picture Book Day today, here are 9 AAPI-authored children's books: #Ch"
" In honor of Children Picture Book Day today, here are 9 AAPI-authored children's books: "
" : Registration for NYCAASC 2019 is officially out! invite folx (all of you!) to think about collision within and amongst Asi"
" : When Asian-American women speak out and subvert our meek, subservient stereotype, I've noticed people get annoyed. why"
"Any kind of Asian food over American food any day it's not up for debate"
" : OK, ladies and gents, this is what Leftist racism looks like in 2019. Only Black press allowed in a Georgia mayoral race"
" : The panel, called  American Perspectives on  Saigon: Stereotypes, History and Community, was called to discuss lo"
"  Nicola Yoon's THE SUN IS ALSO A STAR features an interracial couple, but in this one the gu "
" :  The entire china watcher community is essentially white fake-china experts with asian fetish, and sellou"
"Andrew Yang Talks Identity On The Campaign Trail, Growing Up Asian-American - "
" Trump:Lowest unemployment rate for African American,Hispanics,Asian,and disabled Americans."
"The panel, called  American Perspectives on  Saigon: Stereotypes, History and Community, was called to "
"R322A. Asian American Motherfucking Caucus. (Cathy Linh Che, Neelanjana Banerjee, Lawrence-Minh B Davis, Jyothi "
"OK, ladies and gents, this is what Leftist racism looks like in 2019. Only Black press allowed in a Georgia mayoral "
" : As AAPI vote grows across country get yourself a firm that can work in every language   ://"
" : 2. I was once allowed entry to a panel held at a state school (room was obtained by a student for an off-campus group) a"
"How an #Asian American social activist got herself into the middle of the Jusse Smollette controversy. #AAPI "
"2. I was once allowed entry to a panel held at a state school (room was obtained by a student for an off-campus gro "
" The entire china watcher community is essentially white fake-china experts with asian fetish, an "
" : Andrew Yang sat down with HuffPost to discuss his heritage and the struggle to find his identity.  think that what gav"
" No I am at home watching and I have noticed that when President Trump talks at these rallies, he speaks "
" : Shout out to my friends in Madison. "
" : In memory of author and MacDowell Fellow Katherine Min (8x 95-13), her friends and family are establishing a MacDowell"
"Hate crimes stats- I wonder what 2017 -2018 shows. Dayuum Ne. Smh  2017 % CHANGE +135.7%-White +2 "
" And how is this not racist? the words around. Asian  Native American  Women  Handicapped"
" : So US demand matters but we have a clue of US demand before US data is released from Asia. So wut does Asian data tell us"
" : We are here at Frist Campus Center  with the Asian American Students Association writing postcards (and drinki"
"So US demand matters but we have a clue of US demand before US data is released from Asia. So wut does Asian data t "
" Asian American harassed for using her ethnic name. Evidence on both sides for criminal intent.  #BillBarrLetters"
" :    The San Francisco Bay Area sucks. Every group for themselves and there is no dom"
"Andrew Yang Talks Identity On The Campaign Trail, Growing Up Asian-American "
"a lot of the latin american/black awards shows based in the US Are created tho Because the lack of recognition by t "
"the 'main' award shows are a lot more competitive and i haven't seen major award show primarily focused on asian pp "
" wish I had done it better: de Blasio reflects on his specialized school plan "
" : We are here at Frist Campus Center  with the Asian American Students Association writing postcards (and drinki"
"Playlist at Kung Fu went from Can I Kick It to I Wanna Sex U Up. I call this playlist  generation asian ameri "
"% of Asian-American admits increased to 25.4%, from 22.7% last year  the first time a non-white racial demo has e "
" : Trump: African/Asian/Latin American and disabled unemployment at lowest in history of country"
" : Hey #MadisonWI &amp; anti-racist friends, please be aware of what's happening in Madison with 's production of"
" : THREAD: Time for a  Equity Audit. to your homepage. How many of the active tweeters you follow are:"
" I'vs been prefering the Asian version of movie posters over the American releases with many movies lately"
" : . went looking through UNT yearbooks and found images of people in blackface, racist language and students dresse"
" :           "
" : African American unemployment, Hispanic unemployment, Asian unemployment and unemployment among disabled Americans have all rea"
"White celebrity: I an 1/18 Filipino.  American entertainment blogs: "
"What do you call the Asian influence in American Culture? East infection"
"Back for a second year  a student-to-student discussion about Asian and Asian American identity and experience at "
" :  Rose screens on Opening Night, Thursday, May 2 at 7 p.m. at the Aratani Theatre at the Japanese American Cultural"
" : Celebrating women history #BecauseOfHerStory at the Smithsonian National Portrait Gallery all about persistence "
"Celebrating women history #BecauseOfHerStory at the Smithsonian National Portrait Gallery all about persistence "
" : Asian American, Latinx, Native American &amp; Native Hawaiian admits are up. Disturbingly, the percentages of African Ameri"
" : Coverage around Andrew Yang is concentrated on his support for Universal Basic Income. He's also made headlines for takin"
" : Andrew Yang sat down with HuffPost to discuss his heritage and the struggle to find his identity.  think that what gav"
"We are here at Frist Campus Center  with the Asian American Students Association writing postcards (and d "
"     He visited Europe Africa Asian and the Middle "
" : In memory of author and MacDowell Fellow Katherine Min (8x 95-13), her friends and family are establishing a MacDowell"
"African/Hispanic/Asian-American unemployment all at historic lows according to #Trump. Says fake news said Donald "
"African American unemployment, Hispanic unemployment, Asian unemployment and unemployment among disabled Americans "
"24) African American unemployment, Hispanic American unemployment, Asian unemployment, and unemployment among disa "
" the hallway an Asian American woman locked eyes with me and mouthed:  you. A black man squeezed my shoul "
" : Andrew Yang sat down with HuffPost to discuss his heritage and the struggle to find his identity.  think that what g"
"Trump: African/Asian/Latin American and disabled unemployment at lowest in history of country"
"I came from a poor family that truly believes in a good education as the closest thing to a guarantee of future suc "
" I thought John was American? So sorry it been a good minute since I read the books I didn know h "
" : "
" : Watch  and 's new music video to see what happens when K-pop meets American electro house: ht"
" : New endorsement for : CA Asian Pacific Islander (API) Legislative Caucus, headed by , has endorsed t"
"Watch  and 's new music video to see what happens when K-pop meets American electro house "
" :  AMEN. #Veritas the American Public deserves to know the Truth! A Coup d', if the evidence leads to proving"
"Andrew Yang sat down with HuffPost to discuss his heritage and the struggle to find his identity.  think that w "
"Heading to NYC/New Haven, April 5th - 14th! I'll be speaking on a panel re: political activism, for the 50th annive "
" : Patsy Mink was the first nonwhite and first Asian-American woman elected to Congress. She coauthored Title IX based on her own ex"
"Andrew Yang Talks Identity On The Campaign Trail, Growing Up Asian-American "
" What's your name?NyWhat's that short for?NyIs your family Asian? as I am "
" : Mark your calendars!   is Exploring Mental Health next week! Hear from a panel of our own NC State Asian-Am"
" : Why diversity matters in comics: so you can see Asian American superheroes fighting over the restaurant check. Thanks, "
" : Have you registered for our Asian American and Pacific Islander Networking Breakfast? A great way to share success &amp; challe"
"Men, women, black, white, Mexican, Asian, American Indian, they're all there, and all of them are whipping 100% of "
"Tonight at 6 PM in E147-148, we'll be holding our annual Asian American Caucus with , , , "
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
"Asian American, Latinx, Native American &amp; Native Hawaiian admits are up. Disturbingly, the percentages of African A "
"     I am so glad that bts said they are never doing a full English song. "
"YANG tells  that reaction from AAPIs on the campaign trail  been very positive... They very wi "
"Witnessing a thoroughly Asian family chatting in native tongue, feasting on pizza in the #costco food court. Now THATS #American !"
"YANG to :  was definitely a struggle to find my own identity as a first-generation Asian American. "
"Insult to injury. C'mon Madison, it's not like there aren't other musicals to choose from. "
" I love reading about the Asian American student experience especially stories about model minority myth "
"Andrew Yang sat down with HuffPost to discuss his heritage and the struggle to find his identity.  think that w "
" NEW: Presidential candidate  sits down with   to discuss his Asian Americ "
" : It also, in even the most progressive corners of this country, an acceptable variety of racism, one that dresses up its"
"Andrew Yang sat down with HuffPost to discuss his heritage and the struggle to find his identity.  think that w "
" : preview of the piece i did for ! there are so many amazing creators participating and i'm so happy to have gotte"
"Andrew Yang sat down with HuffPost to discuss his heritage and the struggle to find his identity.  think that w "
" : Who is allowed the American Dream? wrote about the diversity problem at NYC's specialized high schools, the SHSAT con"
"Yang, son of Taiwanese immigrants,grew up in Schenectady, New York, one of the few Asian-Americans in his class. I "
"full name: elizabeth leah schuyler hamilton: 21.o.b: august 9, 1997: 5 hue: hazel  pi "
"Andrew Yang Talks Identity On The Campaign Trail, Growing Up Asian-American - "
" : In creating curriculum about Tule Lake, three themes were emphasized:  visibility of Asian American history, the complexity o"
" : This Asian American student's parents are prepared to sell their house to pay for grad school: if I failed to earn scholarships"
"YES YES YES!! My fave 3 artists, all female, one ASIAN AMERICAN on the cover of  Please keep this type of "
" : Where are the Asian-American Leading Women in Film? #statusofwomen    "
"Between Harlem and Heaven: Afro-Asian-American Cooking for Big Nights, Weeknights, ... Books with recipes focused o "
"Coverage around Andrew Yang is concentrated on his support for Universal Basic Income. He's also made headlines for "
" : Hey #Bulldogs! As part of Asian American Pacific Islander Heritage Month and Mental Health Awareness Month in May, the"
"College admissions are in the hot seat, so  takes a closer look at the alleged Harvard discriminati "
" : New endorsement for : CA Asian Pacific Islander (API) Legislative Caucus, headed by , has endorsed t"
" : . went looking through UNT yearbooks and found images of people in blackface, racist language and students dresse"
"These Asian-American Women Should Be in Every History Book "
" : Here what I be reading in October! Pre-orders for  book: "
" I did a google search and the earliest hit that talked about how we don use the word  when re "
" : As more Asian American athletes make it to the big time, it important to take a look at how the fans and media talk about"
" wish I had done it better: de Blasio reflects on the rollout of his specialized high school plan "
" : Tonight at #AWP19 , come connect with fellow Asian American writers to discuss fellowships, publishing opportunities, and"
" : Immigration drama 'Yellow Rose' wants to diversify Asian-American stories in Hollywood://t.co/eRoJejBW8n"
" : Something for my fellow Asian American creatives. "
" : Announcing open NYC auditions for 's DISCOVER: New Musicals - audition THIS Tuesday, 4/2 from 5 PM to 8:30 P"
"   The San Francisco Bay Area sucks. Every group for themselves and there is "
" : american men continue to visit southeast asia to patronize its sex industry which exploits young southeast asian women, man"
"Mark your calendars!   is Exploring Mental Health next week! Hear from a panel of our own NC State "
" :  wish I had done it better: de Blasio reflects on the rollout of his specialized high school plan://t.co/SVMRkteV"
"The TN Cafe opening night is April 2nd!!! Night Project is the longest-running free arts series in DTLA an "
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
" : "
" : Community Headline: Celebrating Monterey's Asian American History. Battling racism and xenophobia, Chinese American fis"
" : Awkwafina joked about the  Asian glow in an Oscar night photo that featured several iconic Asian-American celebriti"
" is how all revolutions are started and maintained.  on the relationship between Kundiman &amp; CantoM "
"Outrage in Savannah Georgia as 2 White Mayoral candidates meet white reporters only. that you are sufficiently "
"Really enjoyed this article by  on being American Asian and Mexican Asian. ...home is always a process. Th "
" : Thanks   for offering a preview to  and taking in this moment of Asian American podcasting!"
"Congrats to this year's winners of the ' Tribeca All Access program, which supports storytelling fro "
" wish I had done it better: de Blasio reflects on the rollout of his specialized high school plan://t.co/SVMRkteVg9"
" Boy guess I glad I Asian. But I am an American first. Hate identity politics. Dems love boxing ev "
"racism against Asian Americans is SO underplayed due to you bitches complaining about Harvard not letting you in. A "
" Here are some of my local faves in Boise, close to the venue! Fry Company (burgers/fries) "
" I don't know, I'm not american, hence the question. I usually see Black and Latins consider themse "
"Somebody hurry up &amp; go public w a time machine so I can visit early African, Greek/Roman, American &amp; Asian civilizations"
". went looking through UNT yearbooks and found images of people in blackface, racist language and students "
" : Patsy Mink was the first nonwhite and first Asian-American woman elected to Congress. She coauthored Title IX based on her own ex"
"the way some american locals talkshit about asian artists, just lost my interest for american music and artists."
" : Making an avant-garde porno i need 3 cripples. Preferably one Trans one African American One Asian. All must be incels. The i"
" i mean, what next Lexi? are we going to start calling it Murder on the Asian-American Express???"
"Absolutely captivating lecture by  on the present state of Asian American politics. The rise of gra "
"Overture Center's CEO has apologized for cancelling a panel on Asian American representation in Miss Saigon, but to "
" important distinction between Asian and Asian-American needs to be made. Xu  on the importance of As "
"South Asian food GOOD Eastern food GOOD food GOOD food GOOD and Central American "
"For an Asian-American Family, the Cost of Education "
"Japanese-American activists fold paper cranes to show solidarity at Texas detention facility "
"Concerns of racial profiling in science reflect societal Asian American concerns. "
" : #Asian Americans defiantly hold teach-in after theatre cancels panel dissecting its production of Miss Saigon. #AAPI https://"
" Rose screens on Opening Night, Thursday, May 2 at 7 p.m. at the Aratani Theatre at the Japanese American C "
"Immigration drama 'Yellow Rose' wants to diversify Asian-American stories in Hollywood://t.co/eRoJejBW8n"
"#Asian Americans defiantly hold teach-in after theatre cancels panel dissecting its production of Miss Saigon. #AAPI "
" : "
" : Heads up, #AAPI!  series explores bold, new perspectives that recalibrate the way we look at that experience, and rev"
" Asian American.... is.... here... it exists at the very least but to define it by something positive ?"
" : As #WomensHistoryMonth winds down, here is some #WednesdayWisdom by Patsy Mink the first Asian-American woman elected"
"Heads up, #AAPI!  series explores bold, new perspectives that recalibrate the way we look at that experience, "
"Have you registered for our Asian American and Pacific Islander Networking Breakfast? A great way to share success "
"Help, I'm confused. Are Indians Asian American as well?"
" : To see them accomplish more and more is such a  its huge pride. Cooky lives in an Asian-American home and as "
""
" -  "
"  trolls reacted with '' why stressing white against Asian? how do kids have racist think f "
"Have you reserved your seat to attend the largest procurement and business conference for Asian American businesses "
"#eatingdisorder #compensatorybehaviors have been found to differ between race and ethnic minorities in undergraduat "
"Tonight at #AWP19 , come connect with fellow Asian American writers to discuss fellowships, publishing opportunitie "
" : today favorite #AWP19 moment so far: meeting  and Cinelle Barnes (and catching up with ), it"
" : In memory of author and MacDowell Fellow Katherine Min (8x 95-13), her friends and family are establishing a MacDowell"
"Recent research has shown that #compensatorybehaviours in #eatingdisorders vary by race and ethnicity: compared to "
" :  AMEN. #Veritas the American Public deserves to know the Truth! A Coup d', if the evidence leads to proving"
"The theme of this year conference, Collision, aims to explore how the Asian American experience emerges from our "
"Registration for NYCAASC 2019 is officially out! invite folx (all of you!) to think about collision within and "
" : Meet Christine Y. Lee. Christine is able to use her experiences as an Asian American, a mother, a sister, a daughter a"
" :  AMEN. #Veritas the American Public deserves to know the Truth! A Coup d', if the evidence leads to proving"
" : Asian american friendly. 10/10 would recommend"
" :         "
"  Yeah. Another white supremacist hate swarming by the same-ish group was just done agains "
" : New endorsement for : CA Asian Pacific Islander (API) Legislative Caucus, headed by , has endorsed t"
" : For any Asian Americans looking to learn about Asian American history and identity, I HIGHLY recommend reading this boo"
"This one GIRL IN MY AMERICAN HISTORY CLASS WAS LIKE  have an Asian man on my binder &amp; I GASPED SO LOUD AND WAS L "
" : Shout out to my friends in Madison. "
" :  : One week left to register for our next #UnderstudiedPopulations webinar: Emerging and Persistent Cancer #Health"
"It ok to be white, it ok to be black, hispanic, asian. It ok to be male, female, non-binary, it ok to follo "
"  Color means nothing. Lightskin is like saying a nigga acting soft. Btw im Native American, "
" : Total Audience Report Q3 by : #Hispanic adults have the highest share of time spent on audio/video at 69% while Asi"
" Stop marketing American&amp;British universities! are so many Asian universities that are worth t "
"  I can't speak for them, but as an Asian-American, language holds identity. When I hear musi "
" is it African love, European love, Asian love, ,or American love?"
" : Please read and share our new research piece on Asian-American women In film.  #StatusOfWomen  "
"  Also, ask them if they know that there is systemic racism at play in terms of their success &amp; "
" Amazing (but not surprised) how high the emotional labor tax is levied on just being a visibly Asian-American writer/creator."
" :  We're offering internships for summer '19 in Development, Grants Research &amp; Administration, &amp; Programs. If you're in"
" : Where are the Asian-American Leading Women in Film? #statusofwomen    "
" : Where are the Asian-American Leading Women in Film? #statusofwomen    https://"
" : today favorite #AWP19 moment so far: meeting  and Cinelle Barnes (and catching up with ), it"
"Please read and share our new research piece on Asian-American women In film.  #StatusOfWomen  "
" The study does not say whether the Asian population downtown is shrinking is doing the oppose, w "
" : Anyone at #ncph2019 want to talk South Asian American history, please find me! Also, please circulate this great opportuni"
" Funny how that at one point he was quoted as saying something bogus like  do care about the Asian Ame "
"Where are the Asian-American Leading Women in Film? #statusofwomen    "
"Where are the Asian-American Leading Women in Film? #statusofwomen    "
" American men target vulnerable Asian women because they know their situations will force them to date "
"Register for the 2019 #72HrSO filmmaking competition at #BeTheChangeYouSeek... "
" It is odd. I think that the 'natural hair' phrase is only applied to black hair. I've never heard it ap "
" : 9 Asian and Asian-American Trendsetters Changing the Fashion Game #fashion #"
" Just got back from AIPAC'S annual conference &amp; didn't run into any arms dealers. Mostly old Jewish De "
" : A big congratulations to '  and all of those who will be participating in the 24th Executive"
"In creating curriculum about Tule Lake, three themes were emphasized:  visibility of Asian American history, the co "
"Facebook to ban white nationalism and separatism content on platform "
" Someone on my mailing list replied to one of my emails asking everyone else if I was accusing them "
"Bio of Emily Limyun Dean Director of Andromeda - An Asian-Australian-American currently based in Los Angeles. Emily "
" : To see them accomplish more and more is such a  its huge pride. Cooky lives in an Asian-American home and as "
"Next Thurs, 4/4 I will be part of a panel at  hosted by the graduate student org Asian Students In Alli "
" : After Overture cancels 'Miss Saigon' panel, Asian American scholars host 'teach-in' on street "
"By this metric Asian American men are the real villains here. Progressives will come for them after 2020. "
" : DYK? Institutions with at least 10% Asian &amp; Pacific Islander #undergrad enrollment and that meet other requirements can be desi"
" :  were like, since you going to do this show anyway, let do something to educate people about the history... the"
" Really? You're Asian? And here I thought you were a native American."
" your name? your American name, like your real name.......Gary it. Can you give "
"Theater is a stage for debate about representation in the latest by  &amp;   The Overture Cen "
"  I had to watch this cheesy, low key racist movie called Gungho in my Asian American Studie "
" IT IS BETWEEN 2 #ASIAN #GROUPS IN #MEMPHIS &amp; #WHITE #AMERICAN #GROUP AND #GaryNandwani &amp; HIS #AFRICAN "
"We're not your model minorities! Asian American activists held a teach-in outside Overture after the center cance "
"Hi friends, I have a random question...why do Americans (I say being an American myself but also South Asian) wear "
"Japanese-American activists fold paper cranes to show solidarity at Texas detention facility "
" : When Asian-American women speak out and subvert our meek, subservient stereotype, I've noticed people get annoyed. why"
" : Hey #MadisonWI &amp; anti-racist friends, please be aware of what's happening in Madison with 's production of"
" : These Asian-American Women Should Be in Every History Book "
"today favorite #AWP19 moment so far: meeting  and Cinelle Barnes (and catching up with ) "
" What about Latino, Asian, or Native American?"
"To see them accomplish more and more is such a  its huge pride. Cooky lives in an Asian-American home and as "
"Shame that  canceled a needed and critical convo on the orientalist / romanticized depiction of the "
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
" or Jewish, or Asian-American"
" : Never one to share about my personal life,but my father was deported when I was in the 8th grade.He a real special p"
" : Wow, as an Asian American, I can imagine the devastating comment from a parent being accidental. "
"Every time my professor said Asian American today he looked ay Esther like she was the sole representative."
" : One week left to register for our next #UnderstudiedPopulations webinar: Emerging and Persistent Cancer "
"More fabulous photos from last night's Asian American Legal Defense and Education Fund (AALDEF) #JusticeinAction 45 "
" : In memory of author and MacDowell Fellow Katherine Min (8x 95-13), her friends and family are establishing a MacDowell"
" : The Yellow Peril and the Model minority are not poles.. But in fact form a circular relationship that moves in either dire"
" : Help us tell the Asian American story! Do you have home movies that show daily life and memorable events as lived for Asian Ameri"
" My friend in high school recalls the Asian Persuasion movement among African American men. "
"The Yellow Peril and the Model minority are not poles.. But in fact form a circular relationship that moves in eit "
" : Wow, as an Asian American, I can imagine the devastating comment from a parent being accidental. "
" : Experience the power of Asian/Asian American storytelling this April 11 hosted by Ada Cheng &amp; Archy Jamjun.!!! de"
"Anyone at #ncph2019 want to talk South Asian American history, please find me! Also, please circulate this great op "
" : "
" : In memory of author and MacDowell Fellow Katherine Min (8x 95-13), her friends and family are establishing a MacDowell"
" : Join us on Sunday, April 7 for the spring premiere of Revolution Remix, SAADA's South Asian American Walking Tour of His"
"Actions of prominent #Asian American social activist Tina Tchen being looked at in Jusse Smollette controversy. "
"This thread is good. As an asian-american fantasy writer, I relate deeply. Diaspora Fantasy is a good way to desc "
"The rule used to be that anyone that was not black, Asian, and Native American was white. If you are Mexican-Americ "
" : Hate Violence as Border Patrol: An Asian American Theory of Hate Violence Yuh-lin Chen "
"Entitled racist white guys are sexually assaulting Asian women at vastly disproportionate numbers and are murdering "
" : In any respectable South American or South East Asian country the Military would have taken over months ago #BrexitSha"
" American("
"I don't think ima buy another Asian car. Either European or American from now on."
"In any respectable South American or South East Asian country the Military would have taken over months ago #BrexitShambles"
" : New endorsement for : CA Asian Pacific Islander (API) Legislative Caucus, headed by , has endorsed t"
"Hate Violence as Border Patrol: An Asian American Theory of Hate Violence Yuh-lin Chen "
"And while Norse culture is nowhere near as butchered in fantasy as say, anything Asian, African, Native American or "
" : For any Asian Americans looking to learn about Asian American history and identity, I HIGHLY recommend reading this boo"
" : Immigrant Asian American women may be at higher risk for breast cancer "
" :  AMEN. #Veritas the American Public deserves to know the Truth! A Coup d', if the evidence leads to proving"
" : Right after WonderCon, I'm being flown out to Indiana University to be this year's KEYNOTE SPEAKER for the Indiana Asia"
" Self hating white worshipping asian wome like yourself are the reason why most asian american men end "
"Right after WonderCon, I'm being flown out to Indiana University to be this year's KEYNOTE SPEAKER for the Indiana "
"  Why does the 3K for All expansion into 14 neighborhoods not include one with a predomina "
" : Much of the disparity in acceptance rates between Asian American and white applicants stems from Harvard open preferen"
" : All job postings in Asian American History / Studies,"
" : Japanese American former incarcerees and their descendants are folding paper cranes to bring to Dilley #familydetention c"
"All job postings in Asian American History / Studies,"
"Teach-in held in protest after theatre abruptly cancels panel on #Asian Americans and Miss Saigon. #AAPI "
" :    5. Based on early analysis of #2020Census test run in Rhode Island's Providence C"
"This is the kind of garbage that comes out of diversity training. It not about celebrating you because you LGB "
"  My men? It been so far back 2 say that they did or did not would be a lie. I know my "
""
" : That's a wrap! Our inaugural #Reframe Conference brought together leaders from Sundance, On Being, Harvard Neuro, Ritual Des"
"Deeply moving piece with a very personal and empathetic touch. For an Asian-American Family, the Cost of Education "
"The Lunchbox Moment: A Space for Asian and Asian American Hopkins Students on Campus to Discuss their Experiences "
" With all due respect, I'm not happy with the GIF. Asian American women are constantly portrayed as se "
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
" In the name of crusade, like in Europe in first millennia AD, in second millennia AD across Africa Am "
" : Hey #MadisonWI &amp; anti-racist friends, please be aware of what's happening in Madison with 's production of"
" : One week left to register for our next #UnderstudiedPopulations webinar: Emerging and Persistent Cancer #HealthDisparities in A"
" : Celebrated  alum , the recipient of the 2019 Justice in Action Award at the 45th Anniversary Cele"
"  lol that South American and SE Asian culture!"
"Where esquire new article featuring someone who African American? Asian? Someone who part of the LGBTQ move "
" : DYK? Institutions with at least 10% Asian &amp; Pacific Islander #undergrad enrollment and that meet other requirements can be desi"
" : In honor of Asian American and Pacific Islander (AAPI) Heritage Month, the Office of Multicultural Affairs is hosting a serie"
"1st line: The reason some theatergoers protest  Saigon, decades after the French-written,British-born me "
"'Help us tell the Asian American story! Do you have home movies that show daily life and memorable events as lived "
" : We can't wait to discuss the wage gap! #SheThePeople2020Asian American women as a group are the only women of color w"
"#Asian-American authors , , and  take the stage to give #readings of their w "
"Asian, American, and Mexican cuisine have come together to create an eating experience you'll never forget! "
" : Who is allowed the American Dream? wrote about the diversity problem at NYC's specialized high schools, the SHSAT con"
" : Today, 4:30 p.m.  speaks on Coalitions and Cleavages in Asian American Politics. East Pyne Hall, Room 0"
"Not a good look for #OvertureCenter: After Overture cancels 'Miss Saigon' panel, Asian American scholars host 'teac "
" THE 2 #ASIAN #GROUPS IN #MEMPHIS WORKING EQUALLY WITH #WHITE #AMERICAN #GROUP &amp; #HISPANICS AND 2 OUT OF "
" Expect many tweets telling you you here once Asian American Caucus starts later."
"TBT to an incredible night at the #unforgettablegala this past December recognizing so many leaders in the Asian Am "
""
"Honored to have met today with Ambassadors and representatives of , Asian, African, Latin American, European,countr "
"Bill Imada,  co-founder and a key figure behind #CrazyRichAsians, joined Prof. Grace Zimmerman class last "
"One of the greatest Asian-American actresses of our time... "
" :    is the leader on this story. They really rocked it. "
"Community Headline: Celebrating Monterey's Asian American History. Battling racism and xenophobia, Chinese American "
"'For an Asian-American Family, the Cost of Education'  "
"Asian-American #Actors Are Fighting for Visibility. They Will Not Be Ignored. #Diversity #Whitewashing"
"American,Asian,German..."
"Experience the power of Asian/Asian American storytelling this April 11 hosted by Ada Cheng &amp; Archy Jamjun.!!! "
"East Asian Nations and European nations must agree to defend their regional sovereignty against American intruders. "
"Japanese-American activists fold paper cranes to show solidarity at Texas detention facility "
"In the 2018 midterm elections, 90% of Black voters, 77% of Asian-American voters &amp; 69% of "
"In honor of Asian American and Pacific Islander (AAPI) Heritage Month, the Office of Multicultural Affairs is hosti "
"     did a nice job recapping the event too: "
" : Sylvia Chong, director of the American Studies program and director of the minor program in Asian Pacific American Studi"
"  Halfway done w/ the podcast but as a 1st Gen Asian American, I relate on many level "
"Glad to finally see another Asian American playwright beside David Henry Hwang getting a residency at "
"Japanese-American activists will bring paper cranes to Family Detention Facilities to show solidarity with migrant "
" : The Asian American community is growing in the Midwest. This also means the Asian American electorate is growing and becoming"
"The AAPI community in Nevada is growing, according to the 2016 National Asian American Survey, showing a 21% jump b "
" : Help us tell the Asian American story! Do you have home movies that show daily life and memorable events as lived for Asian Ameri"
" : the cast probably doesn't want to bite the hand that feeds them but imagine if the entire cast led an initiative to engage"
"Black american, Spanish Americans, White Americans, Asian Americans. Why cant it just be Americans french a "
"European, American &amp; Asian visitors should be made aware of these discriminatory interpretations of law that might "
"The Capital Times Overture cancels Asian American panel on 'Miss Saigon' "
" :  going to see more voter outreach, more engagement in 2020 than you seen in the past.://t.co/fMJ0Oql5"
" : New endorsement for : CA Asian Pacific Islander (API) Legislative Caucus, headed by , has endorsed t"
"how white people from the south &amp; midwest look at an asian american woman talk about penises on stage on a monday e "
" : Here's why  All the Boys I Loved Before star  takes being a role model for young girls seriously especi"
"The Asian American community is growing in the Midwest. This also means the Asian American electorate is growing an "
" :  Self identifying a social construction is odd. Biologically European, MENA, South Asian, East Asian, Oceanic,"
"  im in Asia and this sounds weird to me; i've had an Asian-American friend from California "
" I hate when there are 20 choices for Asian Pacific Islanders under race and  as a Latina have Wh "
" : Help us tell the Asian American story! Do you have home movies that show daily life &amp; memorable events as "
" : Who is allowed the American Dream? wrote about the diversity problem at NYC's specialized high schools, the SHSAT con"
" : More Yellow Rose news! "
" not really it would be more so like this :  half black half native american trans woman who is in a "
" : In memory of author and MacDowell Fellow Katherine Min (8x 95-13), her friends and family are establishing a MacDowell"
" : Tonight #AWP19 #Portland This fourth annual Asian American Caucus is a town hall-style hang out and community space. - O"
" I black or Cameroonian American. That like calling Chinese Americans and Japanese Americans all "
"  2. I never considered exposing children to Western classical music a cultural  "
"   is the leader on this story. They really rocked it. "
"Help us tell the Asian American story! Do you have home movies that show daily life and memorable events as lived f "
" : Data point #6: STEM Employment identification.% as Asian American;% as White;% as Latina;  % as African America"
"APRIL IS APIDA (Asian Pacific Islander Desi American) HERITAGE MONTH! Don't miss these events from CSU APACC for ne "
" : A failure that few receive this Vietnamese Am's elite education: I learned my community role as inheritors &amp; beneficiaries"
" : In 1964, long before this generation Andrew Yang and Kamala Harris, there was the distinguished Asian American senator fro"
" : For any Asian Americans looking to learn about Asian American history and identity, I HIGHLY recommend reading this boo"
" : Hi, I edit for , and we're looking for pitches for news stories! If you're a journalist writing about Asian Ameri"
"  The US has been instrumental in manufacturing wars for financial and geopolitical gain. I "
"the cast probably doesn't want to bite the hand that feeds them but imagine if the entire cast led an initiative to "
" the mainstream, Muslim fashion is often credited as being trailblazed by millennial Middle Eastern and South As "
" We haven't done anything yet about it, but Captimes did last night. "
" :  going to see more voter outreach, more engagement in 2020 than you seen in the past. how Democrats and R"
" : Data Point 5: Attainment. Of the women who received bachelors degrees, they identified as follows:% as White"
" : Data point #2: Population by Race and Ethnicity.% of California women and girls identify as African American;% as Asian"
" : Hey #MadisonWI &amp; anti-racist friends, please be aware of what's happening in Madison with 's production of"
"Data point #6: STEM Employment identification.% as Asian American;% as White;% as Latina;  % as Afri "
"Data Point 5: Attainment. Of the women who received bachelors degrees, they identified as follows: "
"In 1964, long before this generation Andrew Yang and Kamala Harris, there was the distinguished Asian American s "
" 2 in 5 #AsianAmerican registered voters don't identify as either a Democrat or Republican pool has piq "
" THE 2 #ASIAN #GROUPS IN #MEMPHIS &amp; #WHITE #AMERICAN #GROUPS &amp; #HISPANICS WORKING TOGETHER #EQUALLY, MUS "
"Data point #2: Population by Race and Ethnicity.% of California women and girls identify as African American; "
" going to see more voter outreach, more engagement in 2020 than you seen in the past.://t.co/fMJ0Oql5tZ"
"  Yep, telling 17.4m they have no right to chose who makes their laws will  things down I "
"  No, South American teams usually play friendlies in Europe.  Majority of their squads in Eur "
" : See  at The Asian American Showcase! 13 - 8PM  / Special Food Tasting Event before the film!"
" going to see more voter outreach, more engagement in 2020 than you seen in the past. how Democr "
" :  SERIES PREVIEW  Movement: Asian/Pacific America film series grapples w/ themes of identity, belonging, &amp; power from t"
" : The Hargreeves and where they're from based (mostly) on their names:-Luther ~ USA-Diego ~ Spain or Mexico-Allison"
" : LOS ANGELES: EMPOWER 2019, A CUTTING-EDGE ASIAN-AMERICAN  | Asia Media "
"     I not American but I hazard a guess that the m "
" : When you the only Asian educator creating field trip guide for the first Asian American exhibit creates harm of tokani"
"What being a conservative means to me.  life, pro gun, pro personal freedoms, pro freedom to worship!  Pro AME "
" lol  yeah, I was typing Asian or African or Native American, depends on the friend and context of persuasion."
"Join us as we kick off Asian American/Pacific Islander Heritage month! We have more store for this month as well! "
"Good for Prof Lori Lopez to continue to educate and advocate on Asian American representation issues. "
" : Enjoyed spending the afternoon holding a town hall with a group of incredible leaders from Las Vegas' Asian American and P"
" were like, since you going to do this show anyway, let do something to educate people about the history.. "
"See  at The Asian American Showcase! 13 - 8PM  / Special Food Tasting Event before "
"      I sorry but heterogenous composition of the "
" Self identifying a social construction is odd. Biologically European, MENA, South Asian, East Asian, Oc "
"Hearing  talk about the start of  right now at #AWP2019 just fills my heart so much. I don't k "
". was the first Asian American woman elected to the Maryland General Assembly. #WomensHistoryMonth://t.co/w846WDsfZj"
"Interested in the future of Austin's Asian American Resource Center? Join us tonight from 6-8pm as we reveal prelim "
" : Celebrated  alum , the recipient of the 2019 Justice in Action Award at the 45th Anniversary Cele"
"Overture cancels Asian American panel on 'Miss Saigon' "
"i get that you might not be into the whole raw fish aspect of sushi.. but who just flat-out won't eat asian food? "
"  Oh Really ? Only Israel ? I thought it was every European  and American and Asian nation as well"
"Facebook extends ban on hate speech to  nationalists! is this term simply my neighbor who's w "
"A big congratulations to '  and all of those who will be participating in the 24th Executi "
"[ ] The pain is real---our Southeast Asian American communities are (and have been) threatened and many people are "
" : Shout out to my friends in Madison. "
" :    5. Based on early analysis of #2020Census test run in Rhode Island's Providence C"
" I'm not sure how they feel about atulfo mangoes. I think they're resigned to it as one of the American d "
"Really interesting book on the history of the radical Asian American Movement which knit together disparate diaspor "
"    17. By end of April, the  will have new stock p "
"This Filipina-American engineer makes it easy for you to binge-watch Netflix  Asian Journal News "
" I guess there wasn't a single african american, hispanic, asian democrat or muslim in the crowd just white "
" : Asian American performers at the Forbidden City Nightclub in San Francisco, 1950 "
" : I need your vote! I'm up to speak at  Creative Week for my talk about #StarringJohnCho + The Rise of the New Asi"
"   I remember 87, Poor/W/M w/ acaedemic scholarship, needed another pro "
"95% of which would be in Asian, African, Latin American &amp; Middle Eastern countries "
" : For any Asian Americans looking to learn about Asian American history and identity, I HIGHLY recommend reading this boo"
" : And even when we do finally get an Asian-American story, it still Chinese-American or East Asian-centric (Crazy Rich Asi"
" : It leaves AsAms where we always are: on the margins, invisible &amp; ignored. Our bifurcated, hyphenated existence means that"
"For any Asian Americans looking to learn about Asian American history and identity, I HIGHLY recommend reading th "
" : New endorsement for : CA Asian Pacific Islander (API) Legislative Caucus, headed by , has endorsed t"
"In memory of author and MacDowell Fellow Katherine Min (8x 95-13), her friends and family are establishing a MacDow "
"Try to imagine someone commenting on a white male writer appearance during his Q. and A...  article "
" : #E1: Invisible Identity Series 3, Room 255, 5-6:30 p.m. Minorities: Asian American Students "
" : Hey #Bulldogs! As part of Asian American Pacific Islander Heritage Month and Mental Health Awareness Month in May, the"
"Interesting - #MissSaigon - been running all these decades "
" : . cancelled a panel to discuss their production of Miss Saigon. "
"Sounds like #StacyAbrams went to the Jessie Jackson Cries Racism School . As an Asian American I would NEVER vote f "
"So the North is going more Asian and the South more American #America "
" : Hey #MadisonWI &amp; anti-racist friends, please be aware of what's happening in Madison with 's production of"
" : When Asian-American women speak out and subvert our meek, subservient stereotype, I've noticed people get annoyed. why"
" : The actions of Overture make several things clear. First the #racism in Madison is not limited to anti-black racism &amp; we"
" : Overture cancels Asian American panel on 'Miss Saigon' "
" Dear, Mr. Yamauchi      It's nice seeing all classic and modern European/Asian cars. But, when are w "
" : We're not your model minorities! Asian American activists held a teach-in outside Overture after the center cancelled a"
" : In states across the country, the #AAPI vote is enough to help make the margin of victory for . It's time we rea"
" :  AMEN. #Veritas the American Public deserves to know the Truth! A Coup d', if the evidence leads to proving"
"In states across the country, the #AAPI vote is enough to help make the margin of victory for . It's t "
" They the epitome of worthlessness, a liability, and a waste of time and space. Unfortunately, self- "
" : y'all. the asian-american creative community is STACKED. 24 hours have been wild: creatives everywhere reaching out to"
" love #AsianParents have for their kids often gets lost in translation when viewed through an American lens. Th "
" : Shout out to my friends in Madison. "
" : Who is allowed the American Dream? wrote about the diversity problem at NYC's specialized high schools, the SHSAT con"
"Like Lana Condor says, we get to define our own Asian American identity. 100%, 50%, 1%, and everything in-between. "
" : Come to our teach-in tonight on Miss Saigon!!  We had to take it to the streets after The Overture Center decided Asian Amer"
" It's a good question. Giphy launched this series of AAPI GIFs a couple of years ago to fill in some "
"the Asian Am community has the highest rates of income inequality: even in NYC, Asian Am folk have some of the high "
"After Overture cancels 'Miss Saigon' panel, Asian American scholars host 'teach-in' on street. Story by "
" coz it's the most American/African/Asian/European versatile actress of the century, Ms. Scarlett Johanson."
" Who gives a flying bleep if they are white men or Asian-American hermaphrodites? Can't we stop all this o "
"Overture cancels Asian American panel on 'Miss Saigon' "
"     Tony, visit an American hospital and take a s "
" : Been brainstorming how to inspire the future generation of Asian-American creatives. If you are one, or know of any who would "
" : Tonight #AWP19 #Portland This fourth annual Asian American Caucus is a town hall-style hang out and community space. - O"
"Tonight #AWP19 #Portland This fourth annual Asian American Caucus is a town hall-style hang out and community spac "
"As it stands, black women earn $0.63 for every dollar earned  by their white male counterparts. Native American wom "
"  And poor asians - there are living Asian-Americans who were held in American internment camps a "
" :  SERIES PREVIEW  Movement: Asian/Pacific America film series grapples w/ themes of identity, belonging, &amp; power from t"
" : One week left to register for our next #UnderstudiedPopulations webinar: Emerging and Persistent Cancer #HealthDisparities in A"
"Meet Christine Y. Lee. Christine is able to use her experiences as an Asian American, a mother, a sister, a daughte "
"After Overture cancels 'Miss Saigon' panel, Asian American scholars host 'teach-in' on street "
"    and why are you looking for a World Cup partner while your cousin is dying "
" : After Overture cancels 'Miss Saigon' panel, Asian American scholars host 'teach-in' on street "
" :  I feel this !!! As an Asian-American and the first person in my family to graduate from college &amp; go t"
" : Japanese American former incarcerees and their descendants are folding paper cranes to bring to Dilley #familydetention c"
" I feel this !!! As an Asian-American and the first person in my family to graduate from college &amp; "
"One week left to register for our next #UnderstudiedPopulations webinar: Emerging and Persistent Cancer "
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
" American activists are treating education like a zero sum game, as if ceding even 20% of the spots at these "
" :  the drop of our third and final batch of 'FIRST TIMES' submissions  stories written by members of our Asia"
"iba talaga ang dating saakin ng lalaki kapag mixed race. halimbawa: filipino-american o asian-western. pogi"
" The Canadian census has categories for West Asian and Arab alongside White, Black, Latin American and eight "
" SERIES PREVIEW  Movement: Asian/Pacific America film series grapples w/ themes of identity, belonging, &amp; po "
"#NDTCtrained  won his election in Dyer, IN by 82 votes, making him the youngest legislator in IN &amp; the "
" : DYK? Institutions with at least 10% Asian &amp; Pacific Islander #undergrad enrollment and that meet other requirements can be desi"
" Haha, or even worse, like getting Asian directors to direct Western scripts by American hacks. Go back to "
"Theatre Abruptly Cancels Asian American Panel on &lt;em&gt;Miss Saigon &lt;/em&gt; "
" : Celebrated  alum , the recipient of the 2019 Justice in Action Award at the 45th Anniversary Cele"
" : The Smithsonian Asian Pacific American Center Learning Lab shines a light on Hawaiian queens for Women's History Month."
"Can someone official help settle a debate? Google was no help.   what is Jade ethinicity. Is "
" : Interesting project. Season 1 unpacks a racialized headline about Asian homeowners, follows one person journey in accept"
"A failure that few receive this Vietnamese Am's elite education: I learned my community role as inheritors &amp; ben "
"Important statement by ASD Randy Schriver expressing USG concerns over China increasing pressure campaign against "
"  Happy birthday Kim. I'm happy to have an Asian-American voice in progressive media."
" :    5. Based on early analysis of #2020Census test run in Rhode Island's Providence C"
" : While I 100% believe in holding our Asian American community accountable for their anti-Blackness, it's imp to note that "
"Theatre Abruptly Cancels Asian American Panel on Miss "
" : Asian American and Pacific Islander Month is here! Join us for the kickoff dinner where members of the community reconcile t"
" : New endorsement for : CA Asian Pacific Islander (API) Legislative Caucus, headed by , has endorsed t"
" :  of the great, powerful things about cinema is that it can tell a relatable human story that helps inform what g"
" : Happening live now courtesy of our #GAPABA Team at the 2019 Asian American Legal Defense and Education Fund (AALDEF) #Justic"
"When you the only Asian educator creating field trip guide for the first Asian American exhibit creates harm of "
"DYK? Institutions with at least 10% Asian &amp; Pacific Islander #undergrad enrollment and that meet other requirements "
" : The Orange County Asian American Bar Association (OCAABA), an affiliate bar of the OCBA, is awarding scholarships to local law"
" : american men continue to visit southeast asia to patronize its sex industry which exploits young southeast asian women, man"
" : Shout out to my friends in Madison. "
"In a move that baffled several of the speakers, Overture CEO Sandra Gajic canceled the panel earlier that morning, "
"Campus walking tours - 60 stops on 5 tours, telling stories of African American life, Asians and Asian Americans,  "
" : When Asian-American women speak out and subvert our meek, subservient stereotype, I've noticed people get annoyed. why"
"Welcome back to my fave  &amp; thank you for this Asian-American millennial anthem that I never knew I needed "
" : Japanese American former incarcerees and their descendants are folding paper cranes to bring to Dilley #familydetention c"
"After Overture cancels 'Miss Saigon' panel, Asian American scholars host 'teach-in' on street"
" : Hey #MadisonWI &amp; anti-racist friends, please be aware of what's happening in Madison with 's production of"
"The upcoming centenary of the Nineteenth Amendment offers an opportunity to rethink current developments in the co "
"the theater community needs to talk about this more. Asian American shows like  and fewer whit "
"My blog post this week will focus on how some college admissions policies discriminate against asian american stude "
"Asian Pacific Islander Desi American &amp; Raza Grad Celebrations are full &amp; we took the links down.  left in B "
"3/ In the next three years, PEM will feature parts of its collections, including American &amp; Native American Art; Ph "
" : President Erdo:  has closed the book on the IMF in May of 2013 and will never open it again.  talking abo"
" : After Overture cancels 'Miss Saigon' panel, Asian American scholars host 'teach-in' on street "
" so that explains why Asian and Asian-American women have the highest rate of dating non-Asian men."
" : Senator Tammy Duckworth was the first Asian-American woman to represent Illinois in Congress. Duckworth is a retired U.S"
" Asian American kids!"
" love Asian parents have for their kids often gets lost in translation when viewed through an American lens, C "
"Senator Tammy Duckworth was the first Asian-American woman to represent Illinois in Congress. Duckworth is a retire "
" : "
"Their [Asian-American activists] argument boils down to the ideology of meritocracy...study hard and gain entry, w "
"Shout out to my friends in Madison. "
"After Overture cancels 'Miss Saigon' panel, Asian American scholars host 'teach-in' on street "
"After Overture cancels 'Miss Saigon' panel, Asian American scholars host 'teach-in' on street "
" : I need your vote! I'm up to speak at  Creative Week for my talk about #StarringJohnCho + The Rise of the New Asi"
"Asian American and Pacific Islander Month is here! Join us for the kickoff dinner where members of the community re "
" : Asian American Culture and Distinguished Speakers invites you to InspirAsian 2019: Progress, Not Perfection, with special gu"
"In response to cries of discrimination ie African American, Asian, LGBT, Latinx  have to acknowledge and confron "
" : Asian American writers in NYC!  has fantastic upcoming programs for mentorship and personal essay writi"
" : Interesting project. Season 1 unpacks a racialized headline about Asian homeowners, follows one person journey in accept"
"Interesting project. Season 1 unpacks a racialized headline about Asian homeowners, follows one person journey i "
" :    5. Based on early analysis of #2020Census test run in Rhode Island's Providence C"
"Moi:  I have to visit the Asian &amp; American continent "
" As an Asian American, who been waiting forever to see an Asian group/artist reach this type of s "
" : Who is allowed the American Dream? wrote about the diversity problem at NYC's specialized high schools, the SHSAT con"
" :   I think the East Asian as 'fancy' Asian and the Southeast Asian as 'jungle' Asian is wrong."
" :   Great comic but there is a disturbing tendency to flatten the class divide along neat color/raci"
"Another article about our Asian American representation panel at C2E2.  They quoted me a lot, which always makes me "
"#Overture Cancels Panel on Asian American Representation in #MissSaigon Over  Questions "
"IN the STUDIO// Tracings// yesterday we rehearsed at the beautiful  for our special performance of T "
"Today, 4:30 p.m.  speaks on Coalitions and Cleavages in Asian American Politics. East Pyne Hall, "
" :  Team SuperMarrow &amp; Friends are fighting cancer together .  We invite you to join the fight toda"
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
"Bruce Lee dream of creating a Chinese-American lead western has finally been realized with  "
" : As AAPI vote grows across country get yourself a firm that can work in every language   ://"
"As AAPI vote grows across country get yourself a firm that can work in every language   "
"    I focused on Hollywood because I an American and I consume Am "
" : Taehyung: -Asian style - South American style - North Amercan style - Korean style- Eu"
" : Celebrated  alum , the recipient of the 2019 Justice in Action Award at the 45th Anniversary Cele"
" NANCY, this is your African American Husband ANDRE' and I just want to tell you THAT I FUCKING LOVE Y "
"  My deepest condolences to the family and tribe--and all of us.  She was a gift to the worl "
"In Midwest states, political parties eye growing Asian-American electorate "
"trump is actually hurting those who voted for him. WITH THE HIGHEST POVEY RATES Rate "
" no discrimination against Asian American students at college admission is more important!"
" : New endorsement for : CA Asian Pacific Islander (API) Legislative Caucus, headed by , has endorsed t"
" : Performance Studies Ph.D. Candidate James McMaster has accepted the position of Assistant Professor of Gender and Women"
" AMEN. #Veritas the American Public deserves to know the Truth! A Coup d', if the evidence leads to pr "
" : OH NO...SAY IT ISN SO...MINNESOTA! the RAMIFICATIONS! 5th district is:% White% Black% Hisp"
"Sending heartfelt good wishes to  - a warm, kind author from the South Asian American community - for her ne "
"If Asian toys are so cute and awesome, where are all the Asian American toy companies "
"   5. Based on early analysis of #2020Census test run in Rhode Island's Provi "
"To me, this suit is as an affront to who I am as a lawyer, as an Asian American, and as a graduate of New York Cit "
" : Asian American performers at the Forbidden City Nightclub in San Francisco, 1950 "
" : When Asian-American women speak out and subvert our meek, subservient stereotype, I've noticed people get annoyed. why"
" : Who is allowed the American Dream? wrote about the diversity problem at NYC's specialized high schools, the SHSAT con"
". officials canceled a free panel addressing the controversial history of  Saigon that had bee "
" : We're not your model minorities! Asian American activists held a teach-in outside Overture after the center cancelled a"
"For An Asian-American Family, the Cost of Education://t.co/wwmmReiY3K"
" "
" : . cancelled a panel to discuss their production of Miss Saigon. "
" : Hey #MadisonWI &amp; anti-racist friends, please be aware of what's happening in Madison with 's production of"
"As members of Congress work to introduce new legislation aimed at strengthening #ACA protections, we will continue "
"Who is this blue eyed Asian American man of my dreams im???! I'm tryna meet him frfr."
"Japanese American former incarcerees and their descendants are folding paper cranes to bring to Dilley "
" : As #WomensHistoryMonth winds down, here is some #WednesdayWisdom by Patsy Mink the first Asian-American woman elected"
"Asian American performers at the Forbidden City Nightclub in San Francisco, 1950 "
" : The actions of Overture make several things clear. First the #racism in Madison is not limited to anti-black racism &amp; we"
"   Close to 10 million Chinese and asian people were killed in WWII.  And most...not fro "
"What Wrong with Miss Saigon?  Asian American Studies  UW  "
"Asian American performers at the Forbidden City Nightclub in San Francisco, 1950 "
"New endorsement for : CA Asian Pacific Islander (API) Legislative Caucus, headed by , has en "
""
"In Midwest states, political parties eye growing Asian-American electorate "
" :  initially convened the panel and invited an Asian American Studies professor to moderate it, but found the"
"  The Democrats don't want an Asian American at the top of their ticket. Let's say this guy became m "
" : We are reviving Tracings for a very special performance at The National Portrait Gallery on May 4th. May is Asian American and"
"Cool, cool, the  is too cowardly to have the hard conversations they need to about one of their prod "
"#SaveTheChildren #FamiliesBelongTogether #EndKiddiePrizBiz #ShutdownHomestead #ASYLUM #HumanRights #NoWall "
" : Announcing open NYC auditions for 's DISCOVER: New Musicals - audition THIS Tuesday, 4/2 from 5 PM to 8:30 P"
" : We been protesting these kinds of things since the . We thought we gone away from these lotus blossom stereotypes"
" : The Amigos Latinx Gala, sponsored by the Office of Latinx, Asian and Native American Affairs, moved to Oct 12 during H"
"  Look at all African, South American and Asian #Socialist dictatorships of the past &amp; "
"Elaine Chao became the first Asian-American woman to serve in a presidential cabinet when President George W. Bush "
". cancelled a panel to discuss their production of Miss Saigon. "
"  If he is, that's what America needed. Best economy in years, lowest African American "
"   Yes!!! She was the first Asian-American representation I saw when I moved to the states.   her!"
" : Wow, as an Asian American, I can imagine the devastating comment from a parent being accidental. "
"some of you havent had to stifle your sobs while watching a piece of theater by an asian american playwright and it shows"
" : Live entertainment, hand-made crafts from India, Japan, Vietnam, Indonesia &amp; other Asian countries, and authentic Asian"
"Announcing open NYC auditions for 's DISCOVER: New Musicals - audition THIS Tuesday, 4/2 from 5 PM to 8: "
" :    By allowing for asian nationalism, black nationalism, jewish nationalism, "
"Join Asian American Society for a performance by Genki Sparks. RSVP to Elizabeth at eblake1.stonehill.edu "
"We're not your model minorities! Asian American activists held a teach-in outside Overture after the center cance "
" : I remember seeing Miss Saigon in middle school &amp; thinking wtf can imagine how awful it must be to have to sit thro"
"researching american buddhism makes me sad  thought there would be equal focus on asian americans but i guess not "
" : I remember seeing Miss Saigon in middle school &amp; thinking wtf can imagine how awful it must be to have to sit thro"
"Making miracles early already this morning! Big shout out to Nhi Nguyen from the Asian American Ambassadors team fo "
" : Thankful for a fantastic week of good festival news for my sophomore short film Pooch Sitter, Zoo (Volkerschau) still goin"
"   By allowing for asian nationalism, black nationalism, jewish nation "
"  The common elements of myth that Jung based his theory on turned out to be the fact tha "
"UPDATE: seeing two powerful asian american women on your television is so empowering you love today"
"The Amigos Latinx Gala, sponsored by the Office of Latinx, Asian and Native American Affairs, moved to Oct 12 durin "
"   Again AOC is liar who like to twist facts. Here for example. Few days ago she sent th "
" : When Asian-American women speak out and subvert our meek, subservient stereotype, I've noticed people get annoyed. why"
" : Who is allowed the American Dream? wrote about the diversity problem at NYC's specialized high schools, the SHSAT con"
" : mitski: this is a concept unreachable to me in the sense that i an asian woman and it symbolises what american society view"
"  Heaps of different things to choose from the Bavarian to grilld burgers to Asian to American diner style food"
" : Hey #MadisonWI &amp; anti-racist friends, please be aware of what's happening in Madison with 's production of"
" : Overture cancels Asian American panel on 'Miss Saigon' "
" : The podcast , which seeks to advance the Asian-American voice in public discourse, interviews THE LAST CH"
" : "
" : Debt feels different when I owe my parents...I notice how their hair has grayed, and they have grown old in the process o"
" oh, more about the #littlebluebook author: guy who claimed #PortArthur to be a #conspiracy said "
"Ash gang : no name. leader is white american  Manji : has badass name. leader is asian so has the rights to use  symbol"
" : CMP will be hosting a Food Service Legal Issues Seminar in partnership with Asian American Restaurant Association and JLG L"
" : seeing two powerful asian american women on my television is so empowering i love today "
" : y'all. the asian-american creative community is STACKED. 24 hours have been wild: creatives everywhere reaching out to"
" : The  in #SanFrancisco, #California is a #fusion #restaurant of #Asian Cuisine with a high-end American #Steakhou"
"Chinese,European,American,Asian beauties are waiting for you"
"Chinese,European,American,Asian beauties are waiting for you"
" : I an Asian American graduate of Brooklyn Tech. Please don use me as a wedge in your education lawsuit. "
" great KING  remember wen mentioning African American unemployment at an all-time low&amp; Hispanic em "
" did you also ban Islamosupremacy, black supremacy, black nationalism, native American nationalism, Asia "
" : This Asian American student's parents are prepared to sell their house to pay for grad school: if I failed to earn scholarships"
"Random fact of the day Cookies aren't Asian, but in fact American.://t.co/JeYY2gmius "
" :    And some Asian groups did get reparations from the American government AND most Asian fam"
" Have you got the Cat Bar on the list? All vegan food and a wide variety of local and craft beers. Also, "
" : So heartened by all the Asian American women expressing our commitment to solidarity with Indigeneous resurgence movemen"
" : /American feminism is an ever-evolving practice that seeks to address the multi-dimensional ways Asian/American peo"
"Grant summons his late twenties, Asian-American, wearing a steel door, hard, from under the strokes ELLIE carry a suitcase"
"For an Asian-American Family, the Cost of Education "
"today i found a bizarre manuscript (?) that i wrote 4 years ago from the perspective of a bitter asian american male"
"Subtlety in Asian American Culture: a study"
"All my Thai, American, Asian, South American, African, Australian and European friends, here's your British-English "
" His family owns hair supply store and she's a new black female entrepreneur with her own hair store rig "
" Only my white american/asian friends?"
" : Not interested in the big game at the , cum and find the  at the Forum, we have a great team tonight who love to"
"Is it an American thing that pregnant women can't eat raw cabbage?! It's like I can't eat raw fish.. So the entire Asian population, GONE!"
" That's American artist and not Asian artist"
" : Asian shade Polygonum becoming invasive in American sunny habitats: significantly different phenotypic response evolved"
" I don't recall a country called North Africa or even a sectional continent. I have never heard of som "
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
"/American feminism is an ever-evolving practice that seeks to address the multi-dimensional ways Asian/Americ "
"Not interested in the big game at the , cum and find the  at the Forum, we have a great team tonight who love "
"Interesting thing: being an Asian-European #lesbian woman myself, I remember my Asian-American cousin once suggesti "
"  I was merely pointing out that core American values do not align with communint principles "
"Remember that tax cut American friends? It looks like white men got it.... as well as black women.. Asian homosexua "
" "
"Chinese,European,American,Asian beauties are waiting for you"
"-  EUROPEAN  - AMERICAN - ASIAN - AFRICAN - ARABIAN  -      - WORLD FOLLOWERS  /  E U R O P E A N  FOLLOWERS : - "
"Asian shade Polygonum becoming invasive in American sunny habitats: significantly different phenotypic response evo "
"AAF may not make it beyond this weekend a source with knowledge of the league plans, the plug may be pulled o "
"Guest are free contact me on 0704845387 have you ever wanted to travel north or south American , Europe or Asian co "
"If your business is the hotel business, this is the place to be. Come and meet Horwath HTL in San Diego at the even "
" : The actions of Overture make several things clear. First the #racism in Madison is not limited to anti-black racism &amp; we"
" : Hi #TRANSMASCAISTS ! My name is Anke, I'm an illustrator, and after almost a year, I've finally made my BFA thesis proj"
"BM and Peniel both give me the same extremely heterosexual Asian-American bro vibes."
"  She was my icon growing up as an Asian American girl."
"Trump administration doubles down on opposition to Puerto Rico fundingPresident Trump does not value the lives of "
" Oh c'mon stop being triggered over nothing, it's ok to be any ethicity, be it black, white, Asian, African, "
"America Is Too Glib About Breast Implants you commuted in an American city in the past decade, you probab "
" : ://t.co/rg"
"Meet Sergeant Janet Kim, the 's first Asian American helicopter pilot. Happy #WomensHistoryMonth! "
"I am thrilled that  is back. I love the cast but this show needs to add an Asian American character!"
""
" With your name in Kanji, may I ask your country of origin? Power Rangers is reserved in certain Asi "
"Overture cancels Asian American panel on 'Miss Saigon' "
" Amen! I tired of people calling me an Asian American and not just an American. Liberal democrats segre "
" : ASIAN AMERICAN FRIENDS! what do you like to eat when you're bummed? for me, it's usually either pizza with ranch dressing"
" Damned straight!!!  I'm a straight, white, Pagan, male American and damned proud of it!  I stand with any "
"Asian-American, wearing a Condor crane line."
"Cool. But I think France and England should return even way more, since they stole the bulk of them in the 19th Cen "
""
" : Never have I dogeared so many pages of a book. A powerfully self aware, emotive, intelligent read by  . As a"
" It's so brazen how the perpetual concern of American nationalists ever since the completion of the "
" How did a monster and a racist do this?:  has reached the lowest rate in over "
" : When Asian-American women speak out and subvert our meek, subservient stereotype, I've noticed people get annoyed. why"
" : The 25th African asian and Latin American film festival at Milan has awarded Kaakkaa Muttai, the best film on intercultur"
"One head turning Asian-American absolute beauty (39 Photos) "
" : Hey #MadisonWI &amp; anti-racist friends, please be aware of what's happening in Madison with 's production of"
"Countries I been to (not counting layovers):  love to add more South Ame "
"koreans from asia are different from koreans from america. thier not the same breed. they look alike, but lick 1s a "
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
"The hero of the Theranos mess is ya girl Erika Cheung come thru badass asian American woman!!!!!!!!!"
"   Interestingly, all the hate directed against her comes from your own political "
" : Tiffany, This is a song from my experience as as a kpop singer, an Asian American woman. There's no such thing like perfecti"
" : US #Senator Mazie Hirono is the first female Asian-American senator, the first US senator born in #Japan and the first"
" : It been almost a decade since  of the Hill ended, so time to re-examine how Kahn Souphanousinphone and his Laot"
"  I been lucky, this way. I from L.A. and have known many Asians and Asian-Americans, h "
"I remember seeing Miss Saigon in middle school &amp; thinking wtf can imagine how awful it must be to have to sit t "
" : Awkwafina joked about the  Asian glow in an Oscar night photo that featured several iconic Asian-American celebriti"
"14. Not that there had been many before, but the conspiracy theory that was joked about was that admissions was shy "
"13. No one in college ever tried to hold me responsible for Wayne actions although as an Asian American woman, I "
" I'd been in China about 3 weeks when a white American friend asked me, So, have Asian women ruined white w "
" :  initially convened the panel and invited an Asian American Studies professor to moderate it, but found the"
"Set me up! 7 #AAPI Musicians to Catch at This Year 20th Annual #Coachella "
" And Dude, Chinaman is not the preferred nomenclature. Asian American, please. "
" : 38/ ELI5 edition:&gt; Hillary asked if she can use her Blackberry. &gt; NSA said No cuz of security risks. &gt; NSA said she c"
" : We're here to break down stereotypes about what Asian American Muslim women look like. Asian Muslims are not only Sout"
"  Hey hey now Asian American activists like   definitely is not happy with the "
" : Sandra Oh: [Crazy Rich Asians] is the first studio film with an Asian American lead since Ghost in the Shell and Aloh"
" There is only one correct answer and that is lee-chee. Yes I am American but also half Asian and we say lee-chee there too."
"In Midwest states, political parties eye growing Asian-American electorate "
" : Hi I'm Jenn! I'm an Asian American board artist/animator and i love animating to music and drawing without a plan! #Vis"
" : Open question: who was the first cool Asian American you saw in a mainstream Hollywood film? I always like Jet Li and Ja"
" :  i not american or asian but Lucy Liu always stood out to me as being the coolest asian woman in cinema"
"Two pictures just because some people might be curious. those wondering my race, I'm half Asian (South Vietnam "
" : Asian American Muslim women are movement leaders resisting state repression, invisibilization, and Islamophobic terror"
"Awkwafina joked about the  Asian glow in an Oscar night photo that featured several iconic Asian-American "
"         "
" : The actions of Overture make several things clear. First the #racism in Madison is not limited to anti-black racism &amp; we"
" : Some of important awards that Zayn had American Music Award  For ( Best New Artist )Billboard Music Award fo"
"Between Kacey Musgraves, Solange, and Mitski, the past few months have been very Cowboy heavy for me. I absolutely "
" : Tonight at 7 pm at  there's going to be a teach in instead of a panel. Come hear Asian American perspecti"
"  I thought the same exact thing but I came out like 45% Native American and like 2% Asian "
" : This Asian American student's parents are prepared to sell their house to pay for grad school: if I failed to earn scholarships"
""
"And the Middle East cursing the country after the assassination of JFK family to create some kind of Asian Holocaus "
"We been protesting these kinds of things since the . We thought we gone away from these lotus blossom ste "
" is an Asian American actor that has starred in numerous projects such as M.Butterfly, in which he won a To "
" This might be the best or most personally accurate depiction of growing up Asian American in an ov "
" Go  senator Hanson, ur like trump over in American it you against the world! But "
"Witnessed some crazy ass white people wednesday shit in person on Bart today.... so fucking sick of seeing that shi "
" : Within Asian American immigrant communities, there is the popular mentality that education is a panacea that will help us"
" Yep. It doesn't matter if you have a gay transgender Asian, African, Native American, Hispanic, bipola "
" :  I Asian-American Lee Wong , This is my African-American friend  Rodney... And here is my European-American friend B"
" : When Asian-American women speak out and subvert our meek, subservient stereotype, I've noticed people get annoyed. why"
"   I actually think as an American, I'm pretty lucky to see more women of my shape a "
" As an Asian American Im sincerely hoping they do this film right. Representation is so fucking important. "
" : Who is allowed the American Dream? wrote about the diversity problem at NYC's specialized high schools, the SHSAT con"
"Legendary playwright David Henry Hwang discusses his plays and how Asian-American identity has shifted throughout t "
" : Done!  My (for purchase at the event) piece for THE NEON LOTUS gallery show in LA opening Friday, April 9th. It a dope as"
" : Celebrated  alum , the recipient of the 2019 Justice in Action Award at the 45th Anniversary Cele"
" you know that Asian American activists, artists, and scholars have frequently objected to its promotion of ste "
" : Come to our teach-in tonight on Miss Saigon!!  We had to take it to the streets after The Overture Center decided Asian Amer"
"   And some Asian groups did get reparations from the American government AND most As "
"the pressure that Asian families exert on their children takes the form not of actively demanding high marks but o "
"    Again your chart for Median Wealth of Miami MSA Households "
"        "
" :  is a deep sense of outrage that mass incarcerations are happening again in the United States and we intend to "
" : Overture cancels Asian American panel on 'Miss Saigon' "
"A touching story by ins on the NYT. Glad to have known her sagacity and humbleness since my senior "
" : . says the Mueller Report does not change the disaster that is this Presidency? Which disaster is"
"Hi if u love me and are wondering why u call urself things like Asian American pls listen to my podcast!!!! Link is in my bio!!!!!! "
" : mitski: this is a concept unreachable to me in the sense that i an asian woman and it symbolises what american society view"
"    Nice article! I forward to many Asian American friends.  wa "
"Chinese,European,American,Asian beauties are waiting for you"
" : Check out one of my recent articles on multiracial church pastors... Pioneers: The Case of African American and"
"As the historic sights and sounds of black liberation, free speech, and anti-war movements swirled around him, Mura "
" : An awesome panel today at  discussing their upcoming indie film , where director/writer "
" : These Asian-American celebs are crew goals. "
"I have witnessed TWO different men come up to me and my Asian American female friends and ask them where they RE "
"  I just remember him being short-tempered with his Asian-American assistant (Sam?), or so it str "
"From our latest issue (Resolutions): Song explores what it means to be Asian-American as she comes to terms "
" : Hey #MadisonWI &amp; anti-racist friends, please be aware of what's happening in Madison with 's production of"
" : ://t.co/rg"
"OH MY GOD AN ASIAN-AMERICAN LEAD IN A MOSTLY WHITE CAST &amp; CREW?? MY OH MY "
"Y be asking me the dumbest shit I LIVE in Cali, I have a diverse ethnic background, no one in my family is "
" : Today in Madison: Asian American scholars and activists get accused of bullying for raising valid questions and concerns ar"
" Clari if u go to eat Vietnamese noodles (pho) you usually find them ;) or google, where there i "
"  Even in cases like Harvard, which is accused of limiting the number of Asian-America "
"So excited I started crying when I saw  back to back with  !!  Fany is outchea doing it fo "
"For almost two years I've been planning, dreaming, and scheming with the Smithsonian Asian Pacific American Center "
" : . is proud to celebrate our community partners  at their annual gala. Thank you for 45 years of service to o"
" : Enjoyed spending the afternoon holding a town hall with a group of incredible leaders from Las Vegas' Asian American and P"
"There literally a million other things this could mean Dusty. For example the American people have become underdo "
"For an Asian-American Family, the Cost of Education "
"For an Asian-American Family, the Cost of Education "
" : The average #Asian American household will make $116,319 this year here where they spend it. Read #blog to find o"
"For an Asian-American Family, the Cost of Education "
"As an American with absolutely no Asian heritage, it is my goal in life to own a sushi restaurant."
" : Ask your Japanese American friends what they think about the idea of interning Muslims, immigrants, or creating a Muslim"
"Asian American Legal Defense and Education Fund (AALDEF) #JusticeinAction Award with Honoree Vanita Gupta and Actor "
"The Class of 2018 enrolled more legacy students (~463) than it enrolled African-American, Latinx, Native American a "
" : Let us take a moment to reflect on the fact that so far we have many women, African Americans, an Asian American, a Latino"
"Asian kung-fu genreation is better than most american bands"
"Chinese,European,American,Asian beauties are waiting for you"
" What about Brown Nationalism? Or Asian American Nationalism?"
" : One of my favorite parts of teaching at  is the ability to hold space for community. So thankful for "
"Overture Cancels Panel on Asian American Representation in Miss Saigon Over  Questions "
"The average #Asian American household will make $116,319 this year here where they spend it. Read #blog to "
"-cutting or completely annihilating aid for universities and institutions that serve, among others, Native American "
" : This Asian American student's parents are prepared to sell their house to pay for grad school: if I failed to earn scholarships"
"This Asian American student's parents are prepared to sell their house to pay for grad school: if I failed to earn "
" I don want to live in a police state. I am married to a Korean American. Born here. But I worry about t "
" at people who think winged eyeliner is yellowface. Actual Asian people don even have eyes that shape, that ju "
"         "
"Final Countdown (10pm-midnight): The night is still young! In these final two hours of Rutgers Giving Day, there "
"    I'm not pretending that I couldn't pick an Asian American out of "
" : . Nisei children survivors celebrate Dr. William Higuchi 88th w/Hon. Raymond Uno (1st Asian American Jud"
" wanna start the Extra West Asian-American Cultural Appreciation Society?"
"   Just reviewed their board demographic. Of 25 board members, 3 are women. 2 of those w "
" : MUSLIM is NOT a RACE it a religion... Arabic is a race. Arabic is a language. You are or not of Arab decent."
" : PARC research by  &amp;  on association between #park characteristics &amp; #parkuse among children 5"
"Most of these Asian American kids spend too much rote learning, and not enough time socializing and other life skil "
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
"Details on  cancellation of a panel discussion on the representation of #Asians in #MissSaigon her "
" : When Asian-American women speak out and subvert our meek, subservient stereotype, I've noticed people get annoyed. why"
" : Hey #MadisonWI &amp; anti-racist friends, please be aware of what's happening in Madison with 's production of"
" : I need your vote! I'm up to speak at  Creative Week for my talk about #StarringJohnCho + The Rise of the New Asi"
" : One of my favorite parts of teaching at  is the ability to hold space for community. So thankful for "
" Or handing the genre to marginalized voices. Or both.  Peele just proved an African-American "
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
"Debt feels different when I owe my parents...I notice how their hair has grayed, and they have grown old in the pr "
" A Thai restaurant would be the wrong place to look for #SteveBannon. No Asian food for Steve. Pollute "
" : Wow, as an Asian American, I can imagine the devastating comment from a parent being accidental. "
" : - FEC describes how John Huang, a DNC Finance Chair In 1996,  a goal of raising $7M from the Asian-American communit"
" : Celebrated  alum , the recipient of the 2019 Justice in Action Award at the 45th Anniversary Cele"
"  Can someone make a list of the most popular actors in the last ten years? I feel like the repre "
" : MUSLIM is NOT a RACE it a religion... Arabic is a race. Arabic is a language. You are or not of Arab decent."
"When Asian-American women speak out and subvert our meek, subservient stereotype, I've noticed people get annoyed. "
"Celebrated  alum , the recipient of the 2019 Justice in Action Award at the 45th Anniversar "
"Media: when discussing issues in the Asian American community, please understand that disaggregating data and not t "
" : . is proud to celebrate our community partners  at their annual gala. Thank you for 45 years of service to o"
" If you want to delve into more adult literature, choose something cultural. Toni Morrison  of S "
"MUSLIM is NOT a RACE it a religion... Arabic is a race. Arabic is a language. You are or not of Arab de "
"This is nothing new and known for decades Yet, people keep doing it an Asian-American Family, the Cost of "
"Four comedy pilots this season with Asian-American leads. Four times the fun!! "
"AYYY  _fm THE 2019 ELP CLASS - Asian American Journalists Association://t.co/v9uiTrcTek"
" : american men continue to visit southeast asia to patronize its sex industry which exploits young southeast asian women, man"
"The Asian students that attend Columbia university are the definition of the future as far as fashion goes. They do "
"Kpop Star and Asian-American Tiffany Young Tries to Keep Up with a Professional Chef (Bon App) via /r/asianamer "
". is proud to celebrate our community partners  at their annual gala. Thank you for 45 years of "
"There are similar establishments with Asian women for American men. Just ask Robert Kraft "
"So I be showing the Asian foreign exchange student personal demo of how to cook American cuisine. Which is sim "
" : . adds that she always thrilled when she sees Asian-American writers. She remembers going to go the booksto"
"This professor had no trouble teaching Russian Literature. He had no issue with Asian literature. He even happily m "
"Ask your Japanese American friends what they think about the idea of interning Muslims, immigrants, or creating a M "
" Your Asian genes only fool us American! You a grandma over there"
"Some white ppl hide that good ole American flag this is their country and theirs alone.. NEWS FLASH!! This is our c "
"Check out NEW Barbie Paddling Taffy &amp; Pups Sealed Brunette African American Asian Hispanic #Mattel "
"As an asian-american, he take whatever there is. He ain't a picky eater. Masuroy na ni nako ug laag with my friends "
" Good to see some of the old school NY Asian American theater homies repping too (Hoon Lee, Perry Yung)"
"Check out NEW Barbie Paddling Taffy &amp; Pups Sealed Brunette African American Asian Hispanic #Mattel "
"  The desire of the American people for Sanders to release his taxes is universal. Equa "
" : To shoutout again: Mainstream Asian American media effectively obscures the voices of young diaspora working low-wage"
"   Actually, on a staff team of 19 people 11 are men. Only two of 11 men are Asian Americ "
"Happening live now courtesy of our #GAPABA Team at the 2019 Asian American Legal Defense and Education Fund (AALDEF "
" : And here we go. Overture cancels a panel they had invited and advertised after they realized that Asian American partici"
"  No, it doesn ever matter the reason. I don care if you Black, White, Asian "
"One of my favorite parts of teaching at  is the ability to hold space for community. So thankful for "
" :  So one could be a proud Asian American. one could be a proud Native American. One could be a proud Afric"
"I 56.1% European (Italy, Spain, Portugal, and Broadly North/South European), 33.3% East Asian &amp; Native American, "
" : Russophobia is a myth of gaslighting leftist morons. NYC has 600,000 Russian-American residents and the only xenophobic a"
" : We're excited to announce our Opening Night film selection YELLOW ROSE for the 35th . Directed by "
" : As more Asian American athletes make it to the big time, it important to take a look at how the fans and media talk about"
" : You're going to see more voter outreach, more engagement in 2020 than you've seen in the past, said  of "
"Asian American Buddhists: The Invisible Majority "
"It Doesn't Have to Be This Way. Why Some Boys Can Keep Up with Girls in School.  "
" : It been almost a decade since  of the Hill ended, so time to re-examine how Kahn Souphanousinphone and his Laot"
""
" You are amazing and one of about a handful of asian american female journalists. Let be honest..for "
"   something that might end up being a compromise reached by the #greyhairs is affirma "
" Lmfaoooo!!!! Shit on amazon is like itty bitty ass Asian sizes  it could be a 7x and shit is an American small "
", since black american people are minority and oppressed, we don't want to be harsh on you, but as peo "
" : #AWP19 has begun! Our programs kick off tomorrow, with a reading &amp; conversation with Maxine Hong Kingston, "
" : ok but can we all just take a moment to appricate how scarlett johanson dominated hollywood as a multi racial asian american"
"the scale of some asian cities is mind boggling. nyc is really the only big american city- even la and chicago are "
" : Hey #Bulldogs! As part of Asian American Pacific Islander Heritage Month and Mental Health Awareness Month in May, the"
" To be white is to be resilient. To be Asian is to be resilient. To be Native American is to be resilient. "
"Hey #Bulldogs! As part of Asian American Pacific Islander Heritage Month and Mental Health Awareness Month in May, "
" : #Boeing #737MAX This wouldn't have happened to you guys, Boeing exec told U.S. pilots after making a vital safety fea"
" : Some of important awards that Zayn had American Music Award  For ( Best New Artist )Billboard Music Award fo"
"#Boeing #737MAX This wouldn't have happened to you guys, Boeing exec told U.S. pilots after making a vital safety "
" : I was proud to honor #MarchFongEu's service to our state and her history-making career. The March Fong Eu Secretary of"
" Yeah, you prefer asian-american men such as myself "
" : Will  denounce his supporters who claim the Asian-American students at the Specialized High Schools benefit from"
" an Asian-American Family, the Cost of Education "
" : In the newsletter today, I wrote about March Fong Eu, who--in addition to smashing barriers as an Asian-American woman in pu"
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
"   Look It's Not Like  Doesn't Make Barbies Of The World. I Have Asian &amp; Nativ "
"every intellectual that followed me for the asian american activists be like tweet has unfollowed me thank you to the power of glee"
"Overture Cancels Panel on Asian American Representation in Miss Saigon Over  Questions "
"Andy Denson will be the first African Asian-American to win Best Director at the Academy Awards."
" : Come to our teach-in tonight on Miss Saigon!!  We had to take it to the streets after The Overture Center decided Asian Amer"
"    Ok, my bad. I mentioned it in passing as ethnically diver "
"Our vote = our voice = our power  "
" : This is my talk from #MLK50Conference in Memphis: The Gospel in the Asian-American Experience. it, I argue that Asia"
" : Some of important awards that Zayn had American Music Award  For ( Best New Artist )Billboard Music Award fo"
"Asian american friendly. 10/10 would recommend"
"As opposed to what cultures that treat women better? Asian? Latin American? "
"An awesome panel today at  discussing their upcoming indie film , where director/writer "
"Interested in what we have going on for #CuseAAPIHM? Check out this article giving you all the info and resources n "
" : For an #AsianAmerican Family, the Cost of #Education : Parents sacrifice so much for their children opportunities. #Harva"
"Congratulations tonight to Asian American Legal Defense and Education Fund (AALDEF) as they celebrate their 45th Ye "
" : We're here to break down stereotypes about what Asian American Muslim women look like. Asian Muslims are not only Sout"
" : It also, in even the most progressive corners of this country, an acceptable variety of racism, one that dresses up its"
" Westerns growing up, you like, , there Chinese Americans in the West, but they always like e "
" : Wow, as an Asian American, I can imagine the devastating comment from a parent being accidental. "
"   Is it me or do Republican Party candidates often undercut American workers &amp; North "
"        I'll b "
" : Not to mention that there are numerous Spanish, Portuguese, Latin American, and Southeast Asian influences on Cape Filipi"
"  But cringeworthy and awkward is pretty normal for Asian commercials and lots of really b "
" : As more Asian American athletes make it to the big time, it important to take a look at how the fans and media talk about"
" : Hey #MadisonWI &amp; anti-racist friends, please be aware of what's happening in Madison with 's production of"
" I'd like to know more about the Diaz is Orloff-Diaz. And Margo's Spanish connection. I'd also like to "
" : Check out one of my recent articles on multiracial church pastors... Pioneers: The Case of African American and"
" : Done!  My (for purchase at the event) piece for THE NEON LOTUS gallery show in LA opening Friday, April 9th. It a dope as"
"ily  kanye but you African American, Asian, or wear my theatre final but if"
"For an #AsianAmerican Family, the Cost of #Education : Parents sacrifice so much for their children opportunities "
" : You'd think a Jewish guy married to an Asian-American woman would've felt a bit more urgency about this... "
"(...) explore the connection points in Asian American experience and cultural production of surveillance states, d "
"      'Queering Contemporary Asian American Art'  ,        . (  "
" : The Hargreeves and where they're from based (mostly) on their names:-Luther ~ USA-Diego ~ Spain or Mexico-Allison"
" : Meeting today with   and the Congressional Asian Pacific American Caucus in Washington, D.C., to discus"
"[Walter]: Across this line you do not, uh... and also, Dude, Chinaman is not the preferred, uh... Asian-American. Please."
" : Who is allowed the American Dream? wrote about the diversity problem at NYC's specialized high schools, the SHSAT con"
"     Asian-American students are also 15% of NYC public schoo "
"Tonight at 7 pm at  there's going to be a teach in instead of a panel. Come hear Asian American pe "
" : We're one week away for Asian American Awareness Month! Check out our events at "
" : The podcast , which seeks to advance the Asian-American voice in public discourse, interviews THE LAST CH"
" Can we PLEASE talk about African American and Asain privilege?  When I went to Disneyland, the family in "
"The world of #Bladerunner exist in an Asian-American future, an aesthetic it shares with others classics in the cyb "
"COLUMN: Scientists' letter reveals Asian-American anxieties - Indiana Daily Student (0 visits) "
"Next Tuesday is our #CuseAAPIHM Kikoff event in Bird 114 from 6-8 pm! There will be free food and our unveiling of "
"  Maybe some people see it in different way but I just see American Asian that wants to make oth "
" : After WWII incarceration, Setsuko Matsunaga Nishi helped Japanese Americans rebuild their lives and built bridges betwee"
"Come to our teach-in tonight on Miss Saigon!!  We had to take it to the streets after The Overture Center decided A "
" WHY does Joe Biden continue this rhetoric! It not just white men! The truth is ALL WOMEN! Black, W "
" : An amazing, well written article about why racism is bad and and why we need to be vigilant and dismantle it. Also, yo"
" :  Did you know there is not a single major US airport named for a woman? That's why I want  rename"
"For an Asian-American Family, the Cost of Education by  "
"Is there anything more cringey than all these Asian-American SJWs calling out anti-blackness in the Asian community?"
"Yes.  "
"Applications are now being accepted for 's upcoming Youth Leadership Intensive! All high schoolers "
" : You're going to see more voter outreach, more engagement in 2020 than you've seen in the past, said  of "
"LOS ANGELES: EMPOWER 2019, A CUTTING-EDGE ASIAN-AMERICAN  | Asia Media "
" : Everyone knows that The Slants is using this term not at all to disparage, but simply to describe- Justice Ruth Bader Gin"
" Yes! For me, this book is the perfect example of how to write about identity without making the book rev "
"Brew Day - Baja Sol! American Asian at 5 and Chris behind the bar. It's a Most Excellent Wednesday! "
"Making an avant-garde porno i need 3 cripples. Preferably one Trans one African American One Asian. All must be inc "
" :  Why let the facts (or a lack of them) get in the way of a good smear campaign though? As a conservative who has c"
"Gelsemium is an Asian and North American genus of flowering plants belonging to family Gelsemiaceae. The genus cont "
" Hi Matt! I'm a programmer at the Asian American International Film Festival in NYC. The longest runnin "
"    O wow im in AZ now &amp;some of the applications I did for internships a "
" Hi Minhal! I'm a programmer at the Asian American International Film Festival in NYC. The longest runni "
"  The only reason I can imagine he got more exposure was because it was mostly girls who wer "
" What about black or Chinese or Asian nationalists etc? Native American groups."
" : As more Asian American athletes make it to the big time, it important to take a look at how the fans and media talk about"
"The Education Media is the enemy of Asian-American people"
" : I just found out that I will be the President-elect for the Association for Asian American Studies. To say that I am humbled,"
"Check out one of my recent articles on multiracial church pastors... Pioneers: The Case of African Ameri "
"I really want a jeep but the way my Asian mother set my mind up, I never trust American vehicles"
" : younger me could not have imagined one day teaching queer asian american poets to queer asian american students. so wil"
"  This is why I have no problem calling people snowflakes. Asian-American kids who ar "
"CMP will be hosting a Food Service Legal Issues Seminar in partnership with Asian American Restaurant Association a "
"  Numptys like dt and Claude can't stand are massive growth Paul, already took over "
" : Who is allowed the American Dream? wrote about the diversity problem at NYC's specialized high schools, the SHSAT con"
"      Actually, whilst CRA was 41% Caucasian and "
"I'm a 33 year old, college-educated, Asian woman from CA.'m a moderate Democrat who opposes deporting illegal im "
"As more Asian American athletes make it to the big time, it important to take a look at how the fans and media ta "
" Why let the facts (or a lack of them) get in the way of a good smear campaign though? As a conservative "
" : Want to enjoy the spring weather, see a movie, and support a good cause? Join us and  next Friday for an outdoor sc"
" :  initially convened the panel and invited an Asian American Studies professor to moderate it, but found the"
"The consumer buying power of minority groups in the United States continues to rise, with the largest percentage in "
" : Hey #MadisonWI &amp; anti-racist friends, please be aware of what's happening in Madison with 's production of"
" "
" : Why only white nationalism? Nation of Islam is a black nationalist group. there no Jewish or Hispanic or East"
"Everyone thinks I going to marry a white woman or a Latina ?! First of all who said I getting married and secon "
" I heard tales of my Native American heritage, from my dad side, all my life. I am 0.00% Native Ameri "
" They aren't removing the many black, brown, Asian, or native American supremacist groups. Just the ones who think it's ok to be white."
"Read this article about an Asian-American's journey of surviving breast cancer for 5 years. Before working in this "
" I do think it a broad term, jus like most racial or ethnic terminology in America (i.e. Asian-Amer "
"  Asians are nationalists in Japan - should Japan be banned from Facebook.   Nationalis "
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
" You'll probably have to visit an Asian market. Most American grocers don't carry the stuff. :("
" : Hi #TRANSMASCAISTS ! My name is Anke, I'm an illustrator, and after almost a year, I've finally made my BFA thesis proj"
"Money Saving Strategies (American Asian Diet) "
"Money Saving Strategies (American Asian Diet) "
"We will be timezone hopping between Europe and Asia for #GPFigure. Prepare yo for sleep deprivation "
" AS 2 #ASIAN #GROUPS IN #MEMPHIS,3WHITE #AMERICAN #GROUP &amp; #HISPANICS ARE WORKING EQUALLY &amp; 2 OUT OF 3 T "
"And yet I continuously see American, Asian &amp; Euro dismiss &amp; undersell Canadian AI &amp; our talent as being good but "
"So proud of those that came along to make Conference on Asian Pacific American Leadership (CAPAL) what it is today. "
" : In the newsletter today, I wrote about March Fong Eu, who--in addition to smashing barriers as an Asian-American woman in pu"
"And here we go. Overture cancels a panel they had invited and advertised after they realized that Asian American pa "
"An old story, but an important one - Coming of Age in South Carolina as an Asian-American "
"Thanks Kathy Hsieh  for sending this! , Too! created by and featuring ten local Asian American, female-identify "
"Here is a tool for healthcare providers to use with patients estimating the risk of colorectal cancer over the next "
"Chinese,European,American,Asian beauties are waiting for you"
" : I need your vote! I'm up to speak at  Creative Week for my talk about #StarringJohnCho + The Rise of the New Asi"
"   I am American and no I will not drop being Asian American. I am Japanese Ameri "
"9 Asian and Asian-American Trendsetters Changing the Fashion Game #fashion #fashionblog"
"   For starters you can drop the Asian part of your description. You are e "
" : There are many, many Asian American students that are ignored because of the grouping of Asian backgrounds. It real fucked"
" : I'm Jenn, an Asian American concept artist + illustrator. Love working with fantastical characters, environments, &amp; ink! #"
"     White worship is pretty bad amongst Asian americans in "
"   Hello  I Asian-American citizen and although a minority in my own country, "
" : After WWII incarceration, Setsuko Matsunaga Nishi helped Japanese Americans rebuild their lives and built bridges betwee"
"Live entertainment, hand-made crafts from India, Japan, Vietnam, Indonesia &amp; other Asian countries, and authentic A "
"Discover writer Tria Chang top five movies that empowered her as an Asian American. What movies empowered you gro "
" : ASIAN AMERICAN FRIENDS! what do you like to eat when you're bummed? for me, it's usually either pizza with ranch dressing"
"Overture cancels Asian American panel on 'Miss Saigon' "
"Overture cancels Asian American panel on 'Miss Saigon' "
" You don't agree with much documented data about suspensions (which i can link to) and a report by t "
" Stupid. So if an African American girl, Asian, or Hispanic woman colors her hair blonde and gets contacts "
"If the world had one currency, this nonsense wouldn't be possible. There wouldn't be a need for a Forex. Foreign sp "
"Seattle Check out: We, Too! created by and featuring ten local Asian American, female-identifying writer/performers "
"    African American firefighters in NYC have proved in court that A "
" Very troublesome that people don't care about school climate for Asian-American kids://t.co/OKMx8EpAOJ"
"  Pay for? What do mean?, Asian and South American nations are playing each other m "
" : Before Saturday, we wanted to share the readers' entries, starting with  on Joseph O. Legaspi's Threshol"
" : It been almost a decade since  of the Hill ended, so time to re-examine how Kahn Souphanousinphone and his Laot"
"Take a trip around the world at West Los Angeles brand-new, all-day eatery, Pikoh. From Latin, Asian and American "
"This is one of the ways cancer has changed society. This issue of minority (African-American, gay/lesbian, and Asia "
"Japanese-American activists fold paper cranes to show solidarity at Texas detention facility "
" : We're here to break down stereotypes about what Asian American Muslim women look like. Asian Muslims are not only Sout"
" : Asian American Muslim women are movement leaders resisting state repression, invisibilization, and Islamophobic terror"
"Today in Madison: Asian American scholars and activists get accused of bullying for raising valid questions and c "
"   Muslim isn't a race, but to be fair 60% of American Muslims are not white, and of the rema "
"Team SuperMarrow &amp; Friends are fighting cancer together .  We invite you to join the fight today! "
" Team SuperMarrow &amp; Friends are fighting cancer together .  We invite you to join the fig "
"The CEO of  is a South Asian-American,  staff if 48% non white.  Obama said Silicon Valley and "
" Well I know black people are always gonna go to a movie to support. Lol I think most Americans don r "
"Asian American men are constantly emasculated in media while Asian women are sexualized and glorified as perfect pa "
" : Let us take a moment to reflect on the fact that so far we have many women, African Americans, an Asian American, a Latino"
" : Asian American Culture and Distinguished Speakers invites you to InspirAsian 2019: Progress, Not Perfection, with special gu"
"    African Americans have the lowest earnings of any racial "
"    2016 percentages (children in single parent families): "
" : Who is allowed the American Dream? wrote about the diversity problem at NYC's specialized high schools, the SHSAT con"
" : Why only white nationalism? Nation of Islam is a black nationalist group. there no Jewish or Hispanic or East"
" : I'm Jenn, an Asian American concept artist + illustrator. Love working with fantastical characters, environments, &amp; ink! #"
"Thank you Center for Asian American Media for supporting so many fantastic projects, including ours, And She Could "
"  46.6[1]% urban.4% rural (2016),597[2] income$46,337[3] "
" Vic, NBC is covering this story of JAs going to Texas detention center. If you want to cover locals bef "
" : That is important because domestic labor and farm labor were disproportionately African-American, Latino, Asian-American and"
"That is important because domestic labor and farm labor were disproportionately African-American, Latino, Asian-Ame "
"Everyone knows that The Slants is using this term not at all to disparage, but simply to describe- Justice Ruth "
"  Asian/American... *  two brain cells can work today"
"1st black female presidential candidate taps 1st Asian American AG as running mate. They survive multiple highly or "
" : Hey #MadisonWI &amp; anti-racist friends, please be aware of what's happening in Madison with 's production of"
" : The actions of Overture make several things clear. First the #racism in Madison is not limited to anti-black racism &amp; we"
" : Hello, morning crowd!!!  reached ~70 sign-ups already (eeep your book is too popular,  ), but I hopin"
" initially convened the panel and invited an Asian American Studies professor to moderate it, but fo "
"It been almost a decade since  of the Hill ended, so time to re-examine how Kahn Souphanousinphone and his "
" :  Sigh. what about the Asian women who deserve to be hated? They ask.  influence do you think ha"
"While I 100% believe in holding our Asian American community accountable for their anti-Blackness, it's imp to note "
" : ://t.co/rg"
"In the newsletter today, I wrote about March Fong Eu, who--in addition to smashing barriers as an Asian-American wo "
"Who is allowed the American Dream? wrote about the diversity problem at NYC's specialized high schools, the SH "
"If  can play Native American, surely  can claim another race to run under, and why not gender as "
" : Thank You to the NOVA Black Attys Assoc , Young Lawyers Section of the Fairfax Bar Assoc , Hispanic B"
"The actions of Overture make several things clear. First the #racism in Madison is not limited to anti-black racism "
"Hey #MadisonWI &amp; anti-racist friends, please be aware of what's happening in Madison with 's product "
""
" : Before Saturday, we wanted to share the readers' entries, starting with  on Joseph O. Legaspi's Threshol"
" :   East Asian privilege refers to the way East Asians are prioritized over non-East Asians in Asian-A"
"The racial composition of Chicago (based on the results of the 2010 census) is 45% White (31.7% non-Hispanic White) "
"who wanna listen to some asian american youtube hits with me"
" :  ok i'm european but south american and asian crowds tho!! they have powerful lungs bc no one ever goes there on a"
"  Also, the original tweet is...not how ancestor veneration works within west afric "
" : TRAKTIVIST Dj will be spinning everyday for these FREE EVENTS featuring amazing Asian American artists! We also helped"
" IF 2 #ASIAN #GROUPS &amp; #WHITE #AMERICAN #GROUPS &amp; #HISPANICS WORKING EQUALLY TOGETHER &amp; LET 2 OUT OF 3 T "
"Rutgers University Center for Social Justice Education and LGBT Communities is kicking of APIDA Heritage Month AND "
" Oh yeah that shit was wack they had like one asian so I let them off the hook but that ain't even close to native american so"
"Copying   is in my blood besides American German:67% Philippines:25% Rest is Europe 4 "
" : My professor senior year  told me he would never read The Joy Luck Club. Described it as oriental kitsch for Wester"
" Who will win josh dun and his Asian heritage or taylor lautner and his native american ancestry"
" : As a proud Asian American and fan of game shows, trivia, and , I THROUGHLY enjoyed every second of this podcast"
" : South Miami welcomed its first food hall, . A revival of #Miami original food hall from the 1970s offeri"
" : Asian American Culture and Distinguished Speakers invites you to InspirAsian 2019: Progress, Not Perfection, with special gu"
"I believe the actor Jussie Smollett owes apologies to the Jewish, Latino, Asian, Muslim, Arab, and the African Amer "
" : Been brainstorming how to inspire the future generation of Asian-American creatives. If you are one, or know of any who would "
" : As #Stonewall50 approaches, we are reminded of the diverse trailblazers including Asian American and Pacific Islanders that p"
" : March is Woman History Month and this month we will be highlighting a few of the women in history that have paved the way f"
""
" : Hopefully, 's warnings about Asian American political complacency will get us to aim higher than just being a"
"There are many, many Asian American students that are ignored because of the grouping of Asian backgrounds. It re "
" : In 's new memoir  Live the Tribe of Fatherless Girls, no topics are off limits, from her relationships w"
" : Let us take a moment to reflect on the fact that so far we have many women, African Americans, an Asian American, a Latino"
" WE HAVE TO BRING DOWN THAT #TRADE #DEFICIT BELOW $100 #BIL. &amp; MAY BE EVEN SURPLUS.WE SHOULD ALSO "
" : European #cuisine is miles better than Asian, African or Latin American ones. It's more refined, sophisticated and bet"
" : Within Asian American immigrant communities, there is the popular mentality that education is a panacea that will help us"
" But trapped in the construct / structure that is America, we perch ourselves in our little corner, in th "
"You'd think a Jewish guy married to an Asian-American woman would've felt a bit more urgency about this... "
" views to what we consider to be demagoguery on the Right and the Left.  We promote modestly, to attract "
" That difference was quite obvious in seeing the Asian-American response to Crazy Rich Asians hard for me "
" :  you endure is who you are, said the late Patsy Mink of #Hawaii, first Asian American woman elected to Congress."
" : preview of the piece i did for ! there are so many amazing creators participating and i'm so happy to have gotte"
"   I want to just identify as Latinx and Asian American but I don feel 100% ac "
" :  is a deep sense of outrage that mass incarcerations are happening again in the United States and we intend to "
"The first Asian-American woman (and almost the first woman) to have a state building named after her? That's pretty "
"The US Pan Asian American Chamber of Commerce  has five regional chapters and has been certifying "
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
" you endure is who you are, said the late Patsy Mink of #Hawaii, first Asian American woman elected to Congre "
"Kansas doesn't have a local , but #Asian American #Business Owners can get certified via the Asian American "
"   Your comment is so ridiculous that I can't stop laughing now. Last time I checked o "
"Asian American Culture and Distinguished Speakers invites you to InspirAsian 2019: Progress, Not Perfection, with s "
"   It's okay. I'm half white and grew up in an overwhelmingly white environme "
"The Central Valley Asian-American Chamber is hosting its 2019 Community Recognition Awards Dinner TOMORROW, Thursda "
" : #AWP19 has begun! Our programs kick off tomorrow, with a reading &amp; conversation with Maxine Hong Kingston, "
"In material science class...: do you like American boys or Asian boys?... why don you like Asian boys?? "
"Asian-American #Actors Are Fighting for Visibility. They Will Not Be Ignored. #Diversity #Whitewashing"
" : Russophobia is a myth of gaslighting leftist morons. NYC has 600,000 Russian-American residents and the only xenophobic a"
"  Does that mean we can look forward to native american, latino, and asian representation too?"
"Emily Ting's  depicts a relatably accurate portrayal of life in an Asian-American household, while "
"Anyone can get away with a crime. Race doesn matter. White, Black, Hispanic, Asian, Native American. Money talks. "
"I love Indian culture. Both Native American and South East Asian."
" : Did you know that you can apply for a combined IPNA membership with your regional society? We offer valuable combinations"
" : 18 matches is what Asian sides had gone without beating South American opposition in the #WorldCup until "
"Chinese,European,American,Asian beauties are waiting for you"
"  He's asian too. He has said his moms side of the family is Chinese, Japanese, and Korean "
" : Wow, as an Asian American, I can imagine the devastating comment from a parent being accidental. "
"italian noodles are SHIT american noodles are SHIT every not asian noodles is SHIT (I'm talking especially of these "
"An Asian professor told me its not accurate to say black.. and that i should say African American lol"
"As #Stonewall50 approaches, we are reminded of the diverse trailblazers including Asian American and Pacific Island "
" : Within Asian American immigrant communities, there is the popular mentality that education is a panacea that will help us"
"   How would that work exactly? Would it be black nationalist??? *giggle  no "
"     - We're excited to collaborate with you to "
" : #AWP19 has begun! Our programs kick off tomorrow, with a reading &amp; conversation with Maxine Hong Kingston, "
" : US #Senator Mazie Hirono is the first female Asian-American senator, the first US senator born in #Japan and the first"
" : Wow, as an Asian American, I can imagine the devastating comment from a parent being accidental. "
" :  is a deep sense of outrage that mass incarcerations are happening again in the United States and we intend to "
" IF THE #GaryNandwani &amp; HIS #AFRICAN #AMERICAN #GROUP IS WILLING TO COME UP WITH $33K UPFRONT THIS WEEK "
"If Biden gets in, he will be trying to stop a black woman, Samoan woman,  and a Native American woman from being pr "
" : NYC-based writers, apply to our 2019 Mentorship Lab! Fellows are awarded $1000; a 6-month mentorship; 6 Master Classes"
" : Leah Hing was the first American born Chinese American woman to earn a pilot's license. During #WWII she worked as an inst"
"Chinese,European,American,Asian beauties are waiting for you"
"   Yes! I find it strange that America is supposed to be a melting pot, yet every "
" THE 2 #ASIAN #GROUPS WORKING WITH #WHITE #AMERICAN #GROUPS CONSIDERED AS ONE &amp; ALSO #HISPANICS AT THE S "
" : Dystopias and Utopias in Contemporary Asian American Literature panel/ the wonderful   "
" : Before Saturday, we wanted to share the readers' entries, starting with  on Joseph O. Legaspi's Threshol"
" So one could be a proud Asian American. one could be a proud Native American. One could be a proud A "
"Asian &amp; Asian American Children's Books for ages 0 to 18 "
"Within Asian American immigrant communities, there is the popular mentality that education is a panacea that will "
"The Orange County Asian American Bar Association (OCAABA), an affiliate bar of the OCBA, is awarding scholarships t "
" American, Asian ... Coupons Available"
"Will  denounce his supporters who claim the Asian-American students at the Specialized High Schools b "
"Whoever thought an American would lecture a South Asian on cricket. Or diplomacy. "
"Chinese,European,American,Asian beauties are waiting for you"
" honestly just stick to the winter park area, everything you need/want is within a 5mi radius. from p "
"US #Senator Mazie Hirono is the first female Asian-American senator, the first US senator born in #Japan and the fi "
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
" Hi, Josh.  Thank you for your feature on the C2E2E Asian American representation panel, on which I was a "
"Side note: Hokkien is a dying language (a dialect of Chinese) and alongside English was the other language I learne "
" : Asian American Muslim women are movement leaders resisting state repression, invisibilization, and Islamophobic terror"
" Being an Asian American, my dad threatened to fully disown me when making a big decision a few years "
" is a deep sense of outrage that mass incarcerations are happening again in the United States and we intend t "
" I've spent a lot of time in the homes of Asian-American families. First and second generation. My clients "
"#AWP19 has begun! Our programs kick off tomorrow, with a reading &amp; conversation with Maxine Hong Kingston, "
"   It's a guy. Andy Ngo. Asian-American"
" : The Top Ten Percent Plan is the principal admissions driver for Latino, Black and Asian American students into UT-Aust"
" : As #WomensHistoryMonth winds down, here is some #WednesdayWisdom by Patsy Mink the first Asian-American woman elected"
"The Top Ten Percent Plan is the principal admissions driver for Latino, Black and Asian American students into UT- "
" : Russophobia is a myth of gaslighting leftist morons. NYC has 600,000 Russian-American residents and the only xenophobic a"
"Countries I've driven my car to: "
"We're here to break down stereotypes about what Asian American Muslim women look like. Asian Muslims are not only S "
"Asian American Muslim women are movement leaders resisting state repression, invisibilization, and Islamophobic ter "
" : Saying this louder, for any1 complaining. Historically, I was in awe &amp; proud in 1968 seeing myself represented by "
" So when women are raped in the middle eastern muslim countries,african countries,south american/cent "
" It perfectly rational for anyone (American, African, European, even Asian) to assume Bobby is a sho "
"While American Youth fights over Entitlement, the Chinese Youth is selling products, flipping dollars &amp; yens and bu "
"    Omg I never thought of that til u said it. You right! Glenn "
"Absolutely adored this series when I was younger. Great listen and reflection on Claudia Kishi's influence in my li "
"    Which culture are you celebrating, Celtic, Roman, Viking, No "
" : See Oscar Nominated ONE SMALL STEP at Asian American Showcase! 7 - 5:30 PM - ://t.co/wTgD63vKWl"
"I never experienced FOMO before until I decided not to go to AWP this year and then found out that everyone in m "
" : From 1960 to 2017 trends in #immigration to the US have shifted significantly mostly European to increasingly Lat"
" Because they know that being poor and white is still better than being educated, well to do,Africa "
"  What double standard horseshit. Makes it even easier to never spend another dollar on an overrate "
" And therein is where change needs to be made. And there are a plethora of institutions that are fig "
"See Oscar Nominated ONE SMALL STEP at Asian American Showcase! 7 - 5:30 PM -  "
"i finally gotten my dna results back from 23 &amp; me. i 70% european and 30% african and about 0.3% east asian/na "
""
" : ok but can we all just take a moment to appricate how scarlett johanson dominated hollywood as a multi racial asian american"
" : Enjoyed spending the afternoon holding a town hall with a group of incredible leaders from Las Vegas' Asian American and P"
" : #AskRepBonnie as a member of the congressional asian pacific american caucus and congressional black caucus.... do you support"
" : Performance Studies Ph.D. Candidate James McMaster has accepted the position of Assistant Professor of Gender and Women"
"This is random, but so is everything else on here. I believe every Asian, Mexican, &amp; Native American has at least a "
"Performance Studies Ph.D. Candidate James McMaster has accepted the position of Assistant Professor of Gender and W "
" : ://t.co/rg"
"#AskRepBonnie as a member of the congressional asian pacific american caucus and congressional black caucus.... do "
" : The podcast , which seeks to advance the Asian-American voice in public discourse, interviews THE LAST CH"
". was the first Asian American woman elected to the Maryland General Assembly. #WomensHistoryMonth://t.co/w846WDsfZj"
"TRAKTIVIST Dj will be spinning everyday for these FREE EVENTS featuring amazing Asian American artists! We als "
"From 1960 to 2017 trends in #immigration to the US have shifted significantly mostly European to increasingly "
" my asian american studies teacher called put america for their militarism lmaooo good shit"
" : I just found out that I will be the President-elect for the Association for Asian American Studies. To say that I am humbled,"
" Not asian, Mexican, Native American, Irish and Eastern European .... BOOM... and still can't hang with the drinks...."
"      In South American drug dens, are there Bl "
" : Unpopular opinion: Being an Asian Male in today's American society is like being like Taco Bell. Your own people don't"
"Asian Man Records recently put out this album of a bunch of 924 Gilman-associated bands covering tracks from Green "
"Unpopular opinion: Being an Asian Male in today's American society is like being like Taco Bell. Your own people don't even want you"
" Asian Americans are an utterly unique group in the American racial divide. AA are not one ethnic "
" : If You Are -American You Are A White Person. Just Give It Up."
"NYC-based writers, apply to our 2019 Mentorship Lab! Fellows are awarded $1000; a 6-month mentorship; 6 Master Clas "
"[China]. 23 Championship Tournament: Shanghai American-Puxi A-up: American International G "
" : Some of important awards that Zayn had American Music Award  For ( Best New Artist )Billboard Music Award fo"
"Oh and as an Asian-American myself I can concur there is concern about the declining reproductive rate in the white "
" #shsat  "
"As #WomensHistoryMonth winds down, here is some #WednesdayWisdom by Patsy Mink the first Asian-American woman elec "
"Let's be honest...Asian action cinema is far better than American action movies. It's not even close and it never h "
""
" "
"   Don't nominated Korea music they are Asian not american"
" : Congrats to our co-director  for being featured among these amazing Asian American women leaders! Thanks "
"Asian American Market - Most recent podcast on The Why Behind the Buy by Claritas://t.co/oinPqbKoJp "
" : Dr. James (Jimmy) Garret: former SNCC Field Secretary, Educator, Civil Rights Lawyer, Playwright, Founder of the first"
"Sylvia Chong, director of the American Studies program and director of the minor program in Asian Pacific American "
"Before Saturday, we wanted to share the readers' entries, starting with  on Joseph O. Legaspi's Thre "
" : Wow, as an Asian American, I can imagine the devastating comment from a parent being accidental. "
"Believe me when I say I love diversity in my media, but they decided at some point in the studio writing room to ma "
" : CSU leaders met with  and members of the  to thank them for their support of Asian American and Pacific Isla"
" : After WWII incarceration, Setsuko Matsunaga Nishi helped Japanese Americans rebuild their lives and built bridges betwee"
" : Did you know that you can apply for a combined IPNA membership with your regional society? We offer valuable combinations"
" : Air Pollution in the Asia-Pacific Region. A Joint Asian Pacific Society of Respirology/American Thoracic Society Perspec"
"A new drama is aiming to diversify stories of #migration and #diversity in Hollywood-- Yellow Rose is about a 17- "
"JJ Johnson (Eater Young Guns '14) for his book Between Harlem and Heaven: Afro-Asian-American Cooking for Big Night "
" :  the drop of our third and final batch of 'FIRST TIMES' submissions  stories written by members of our Asia"
" anyone should be able to be proud of their race whether white or black or Asian.White pride should be a "
"In Midwest states, political parties eye growing Asian-American electorate "
" : Unrelated to anything, should I write a piece asking the rest of this country to please stop calling Asian American women adora"
"They Call Us Bruce, , , and The Dave Chang Show are just a few of our favorite A "
"Last chance to be a part of our upcoming exhibit #LifeWideAngleCloseUp. Submit your photos by Apr 1st that convey e "
"  I think it was also defended in Wrestle-1 a lot when Magnus was the champion but every "
" : american men continue to visit southeast asia to patronize its sex industry which exploits young southeast asian women, man"
" Latin American groceries, Asian supermarkets, farmer's markets. But you'll have to shell them yourself "
"Refusing to drink Asian/oceanic coffees because they're not as good quality as African/South+Central American is literally just racism."
" : Our vote = our voice = our power. "
" : March is Woman History Month and this month we will be highlighting a few of the women in history that have paved the way f"
" : Check out 's new digital exhibition, A Day in the Queer Life of Asian Pacific America, which features s"
" : I'm going to use my deep involvement and my history of building relationships to try to provide that outreach and opportu"
" Which part? Asian or North American?"
"At Maple Tree Inn, we offer a FREE breakfast buffet of American and Asian cuisine.  Breakfast is served 5am-9:30am "
" : In Midwest states, political parties eye growing Asian-American electorate://t.co/fMJ0Oql5tZ"
" : Hello, morning crowd!!!  reached ~70 sign-ups already (eeep your book is too popular,  ), but I hopin"
"March is Woman History Month and this month we will be highlighting a few of the women in history that have paved "
"OH. MY. GOSH. all these brilliant scholars of color, and asian american womxn in particular, writing the books i ha "
" Because just like in College Admissions  offices around the USA, asian Indians are considered too sma "
"A wayward Asian-American teen finds herself dangerously manipulated by a tree monster."
" : Today 1pm, join us for this event including panelists Ashley Barry (Women, Gender, and Sexuality Studies), Rebecca Lentje"
"Can you relate? ://t.co/ksEBF0AaNq#costofeducation #college #highereducation #university #equity #collegeadmissions"
" : ://t.co/rg"
"Today 1pm, join us for this event including panelists Ashley Barry (Women, Gender, and Sexuality Studies), Rebecc "
" Seeing an Asian American cast on this episode is so inspiring much better than Crazy Rich Asians (stupid)"
"In 1987, Eu recounted a young Asian-American girl who told her that when she grew up, she was going to be the Secr "
" : Russophobia is a myth of gaslighting leftist morons. NYC has 600,000 Russian-American residents and the only xenophobic a"
" : Saying this louder, for any1 complaining. Historically, I was in awe &amp; proud in 1968 seeing myself represented by "
"  Fox news doesn't report anything positive about Asian countries.they only bark when it is some "
" : Your skin will have a yellowish, golden and/or peachy hue if you fall on the warm side of the undertone spectrum think Je"
" : PARC research by  &amp;  on association between #park characteristics &amp; #parkuse among children 5"
"What the media have today on Television nothing to us if they believe in corrupted Democrats now  American publicit "
"Snorkel tour was wonderful but I pretty proud for correctly guessing where other tourists were from. There was th "
"Wwwoooowww I reading this article on Asian American religion in the US from the late 1800s to 1900s and I came ac "
" : Of the 40 million #caregivers in the U.S., 1 in 4 are millennials, and more than half of those caregivers identify as Afr"
"Excited to see what Asian American culture is gonna look like in like 30-40 years when it's more developed"
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
"    I find myself eating a lot of Asian American cuisine. It's typicall "
"  I suppose it makes sense that American ghosts have American preoccupations like feeling "
"register for a booth for the upcoming 40th APA Heritage Celebration Weekend Walks in Chinatown, taking place 5/19 i "
"Booth Registration (40th Annual Asian American and Pacific Islander Celebration - 5/19) "
" : Hi friends,  nurtures artists + was the love of my friend Katherine Min's  life + she was the love of"
"The podcast , which seeks to advance the Asian-American voice in public discourse, interviews THE LA "
"Our vote = our voice = our power. "
" : Tiffany, This is a song from my experience as as a kpop singer, an Asian American woman. There's no such thing like perfecti"
"In Midwest states, political parties eye growing Asian-American electorate "
"   I write about anything Asian American-related. Depending on the subject, I can try my b "
"   I not Asian American tho... "
"We are reviving Tracings for a very special performance at The National Portrait Gallery on May 4th. May is Asian A "
"Air Pollution in the Asia-Pacific Region. A Joint Asian Pacific Society of Respirology/American Thoracic Society Pe "
"Quick story,  has truly paved the way for Asian-American women in the sports &amp; media industry. I can "
"  Dude, he's under 16 more investigations.  has last over 1000 lawsuits for fraud. "
"Recently we were next to an Asian-American family at LHR &amp; my 2 year old wouldn't stop staring. We realised she'd n "
"White woman rear ends Asian American driver and then tries to bully the victim via /r/asianamerican "
"And don't forget Asian-American Gary Pan running in the 34th HOD race in Northern Virginia.  Coming soon "
" : Kelly Marie Tran '11 is the first Asian-American woman to star in a #StarWars film and the first Asian-American woman to a"
" : APA Division 45 and the Asian American Psychological Association (AAPA) Division on Students are presenting a webinar"
"'Merman and Fish' is a tense drama about an American public unfamiliar with East Asian history and many others."
" Not really a Hollywood film but I watched a cartoon called W.I.T.C.H as a kid and the main cast had "
" : You're going to see more voter outreach, more engagement in 2020 than you've seen in the past, said  of "
"As a someone whom work in retail I learn that Americans tend to overshare their life stories (btw I also Ameri "
" : Interested in international film? IU Cinema is playing multiple during Asian American and Pacific Islander Heritage Month. "
" : You're going to see more voter outreach, more engagement in 2020 than you've seen in the past, said  of "
"Russophobia is a myth of gaslighting leftist morons. NYC has 600,000 Russian-American residents and the only xeno "
"Interested in international film? IU Cinema is playing multiple during Asian American and Pacific Islander Heritage "
" : Wow, as an Asian American, I can imagine the devastating comment from a parent being accidental. "
"You're going to see more voter outreach, more engagement in 2020 than you've seen in the past, said  of "
"Venezuelan opposition leader's wife, Fabiana Rosales, comes to D.C. is only 26, but has emerged as a powerf "
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
" : idk if this counts as hollywood mainstream but my earliest memory of a kickass asian american actors was shin koyamada and"
" : Hi #TRANSMASCAISTS ! My name is Anke, I'm an illustrator, and after almost a year, I've finally made my BFA thesis proj"
" : As part of CAAM ongoing work to support emerging and established Asian American filmmakers, we are excited to announce 15 proje"
" : ://t.co/rg"
" : [A]n extraordinary piece of scholarship, with revelations in every chapter.'s American War by Pierre Asselin"
"Whether you looking for stories about African families, Middle Eastern families, American families, or Asian(-Am "
" : In Midwest states, political parties eye growing Asian-American electorate://t.co/fMJ0Oql5tZ"
" The system is broken.  My op-ed on SHSAT and the racial politics of the recent lawsuit, and how it attempts to "
"I was one of 80 students selected from 200 applicants to serve as a WUSA for 2019-20.I have been promoted to the tr "
" : Top 5 girls come like this . West Indian  . Asian . South American . Arab. East/Central African"
"Senior chemistry major, athlete, and artist Audrey Pillsbury creates a musical about life as a second-generation As "
" show that the values of AAPI voters align with the priorities of the Democratic Party, such as expanding acc "
" First cool Asian American for me is:-Na Wen aka Chun-Li in Street Fighter. It was love at first "
"A big thanks to our lovely Yale undergrad students for visiting and volunteering at HCS. We are honored to have our "
"We are proud to be apart of a broader ecosystem that prioritizes  inclusivity and bringing all voices to the table "
" We've had white actors playing white characters.  White actors playing  black characters.  White ac "
"CMS Student Population At A Glance 2019 Indian/Multiracial/Pacific Islander 3% 7%-American 3 "
" : The  in #SanFrancisco, #California is a #fusion #restaurant of #Asian Cuisine with a high-end American #Steakhou"
"   We've had white actors playing white characters.  White actors playing black char "
" : Enjoyed spending the afternoon holding a town hall with a group of incredible leaders from Las Vegas' Asian American and P"
" :  of the great, powerful things about cinema is that it can tell a relatable human story that helps inform what g"
" : Been brainstorming how to inspire the future generation of Asian-American creatives. If you are one, or know of any who would "
" 110,000 Americans of Asian descent can't be wrong. American who hates a politicized bureaucracy is your enemy, and his."
" : ... white women have used the labor of women of color to reduce their own domestic burden and free themselves up for corpor"
" :  the drop of our third and final batch of 'FIRST TIMES' submissions  stories written by members of our Asia"
" :  i not american or asian but Lucy Liu always stood out to me as being the coolest asian woman in cinema"
" : Pioneer Asian American honored with naming of state building in California. #AAPI "
"In Midwest states, political parties eye growing Asian-American electorate://t.co/fMJ0Oql5tZ"
"The  in #SanFrancisco, #California is a #fusion #restaurant of #Asian Cuisine with a high-end American "
"Todays soups are:  American Chop Suey, Grilled Chicken &amp; Corn Chowder, French Onion and Asian Beef Noodle."
"Asian-Americans, especially Asian-American women, are often pigeonholed as meek or unassertive, rather than depict "
"idk if this counts as hollywood mainstream but my earliest memory of a kickass asian american actors was shin koyam "
"Did you know that you can apply for a combined IPNA membership with your regional society? We offer valuable combin "
"The  in #SanFrancisco, #California is a #fusion #restaurant of #Asian Cuisine with a high-end American "
" : Locals when they see 7 Asian men at an American award show  "
"The  in #SanFrancisco, #California is a #fusion #restaurant of #Asian Cuisine with a high-end American "
"Japanese-American activists will bring paper cranes to show solidarity with migrant families "
" : Hi friends,  nurtures artists + was the love of my friend Katherine Min's  life + she was the love of"
" : y'all. the asian-american creative community is STACKED. 24 hours have been wild: creatives everywhere reaching out to"
""
" : For anyone wanting to delve deeper into Asian American studies on their own... recommendations! #WeNeedAAPISt"
" : Open question: who was the first cool Asian American you saw in a mainstream Hollywood film? I always like Jet Li and Ja"
" : Which 2020 candidates will announce next? Which 2020 candidates will make it clear to the American people that Latinx, "
" :  HOT NEW SHOW ALE!!!  AF Presents: Gaysian AF is a comedy variety show featuring the best LGBTQ+ Asian Ame"
" : Saying this louder, for any1 complaining. Historically, I was in awe &amp; proud in 1968 seeing myself represented by "
"   Well, I guess you could say Hollywood is American culture, but it not s "
"Asia Markets: Asian markets kick higher on renewed U.S.-China trade hopes: Asian markets were broadly higher on Mon "
"Asian-American women are often pigeonholed as meek or unassertive, rather than depicted as leaders. This is how fou "
"://t.co/rgnLrBWT4C"
" I feel it's Aishwarya Rai Bachan but since it's she's not Asian American I would have to say Mindy K "
" they dont even look a like.. Dolls looks so american our boys are asian "
"[ Upchar ] HI  can you guys recommend a good movies to watch, whether it Asian or American, just a movie worth "
"Harkin and Clinton backed Konfrist pretending not to be pro Mid American is kind of hilarious. Ruth Harkin handed t "
" thinks people can't be proud of being from 2 different nations. He doesn't buy it. Smart lad. Shout ou "
"  Let me put it this way:-You'll NEVER see a Native American nor Asian Supreme Court Just "
" : This piece brings up an important distinction. Even within the middle class, education experiences vary by parental involv"
"HI  can you guys recommend a good movies to watch, whether it Asian or American, just a movie worth to watch pl "
"so i was gonna get ready for school but i had a panic attack thinking about my asian american studies lecture so my "
"HI  can you guys recommend a good movies to watch, whether it Asian or American, just a movie worth to watch pl "
"update chara FOR61LOEY: HI  can you guys recommend a good movies to watch, whether it Asian or American, just a "
"  By that token, you create an apartheid-like schema of women and then trans-women. In fact, it "
" :  truly believe that art is a form of activism. So when we writing and playing music, that still sup this vis"
"Top 2020 Democrats booked for Las Vegas labor forum in April SEIU and the Center for American Progress Action F "
" i not american or asian but Lucy Liu always stood out to me as being the coolest asian woman in cinema"
"What the fuck is this shit? Anyone else getting paid tweets promoting (idk what to call it) some sort of Asian Amer "
"Open question: who was the first cool Asian American you saw in a mainstream Hollywood film? I always like Jet Li a "
" : I need your vote! I'm up to speak at  Creative Week for my talk about #StarringJohnCho + The Rise of the New Asi"
"Join us in San Diego this April 24th for the 30th anniversary AAHOA conference.Once again, Horwath HTL are proud to "
"   If an Asian, Native American, Hispanic or any other race BESIDES WHITE said this. No "
" : Damon: Pick your meal. You`ve got Asian fusion... Mexican... What about some good old American comfort food"
" : F&amp;S Always extended our oxygen sensor line for all of the vehicles. Supply full ranges of #OxygenSensors #LambdaSensors #Wid"
" : Super interesting (and infuriating) case study about the reappropriation of a slur://t.co/bc5fkCJ3nQ"
" : Options: Beginner or Expert  Q&amp;A Webinar 9am ET US : Oil, Gold, NG, SPX (3 kinds) "
" : Hello, morning crowd!!!  reached ~70 sign-ups already (eeep your book is too popular,  ), but I hopin"
"F&amp;S Always extended our oxygen sensor line for all of the vehicles. Supply full ranges of #OxygenSensors "
" : Top 5 girls come like this . West Indian  . Asian . South American . Arab. East/Central African"
"I just uploaded  distributing Morgan Taylor gift bags to our Seattle Asian American film fest audience  "
" : My fellow Asian American poet pals going to AWP: I think I have the answer to our problem of trying to cram all of us into"
" : As a proud Asian American and fan of game shows, trivia, and , I THROUGHLY enjoyed every second of this podcast"
"Chinese executives  ready than peers for data-privacy crackdown China Morning Post American executives "
"Japanese-American activists fold paper cranes to show solidarity at Texas detention facility "
"Here what I be reading in October! Pre-orders for  book: "
" : Mike's channel: "
"Mike's channel: "
" : Some of important awards that Zayn had American Music Award  For ( Best New Artist )Billboard Music Award fo"
"Okay he is Asian American!!! And he is 17 years old. Wuw. I guess I'm officially a cougar???"
" : As part of CAAM ongoing work to support emerging and established Asian American filmmakers, we are excited to announce 15 proje"
" Your are racist against Americans. With you it's not Black,  White,  Hispanic, or Asian. If their American "
" White, Hispanic/Latino/Spanish, Black/African American, Asian, American Indian or Alaska Native, Middl "
" : European #cuisine is miles better than Asian, African or Latin American ones. It's more refined, sophisticated and bet"
" : APA Division 45 and the Asian American Psychological Association (AAPA) Division on Students are presenting a webinar"
" : 'haven't got strong ticket sales' the sold out asian tour and sold out american tour is laughing at you "
"'haven't got strong ticket sales' the sold out asian tour and sold out american tour is laughing at you "
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
"Expectations for the Mueller Report Were Set Too High more than a year, many members of the American media tre "
"          Mind Of Mine-American Music Award..( Best New Artist "
"     We have poor health care, high suicide rates, multiple epid "
" : I'm Jenn, an Asian American concept artist + illustrator. Love working with fantastical characters, environments, &amp; ink! #"
" There are still swastikas used in some Asian countries (and some Native American cultures also indep "
" : Tiffany, This is a song from my experience as as a kpop singer, an Asian American woman. There's no such thing like perfecti"
" : Saying this louder, for any1 complaining. Historically, I was in awe &amp; proud in 1968 seeing myself represented by "
" : After WWII incarceration, Setsuko Matsunaga Nishi helped Japanese Americans rebuild their lives and built bridges betwee"
" : Hopefully, 's warnings about Asian American political complacency will get us to aim higher than just being a"
" : Know what's cool? Having 2 Spoon panels up for  Creative Summit. Know what's cooler? Voting for them! Find "
" Asian American stadium. Not only do we deflate your balls... We'll rub them too"
" "
" : Been brainstorming how to inspire the future generation of Asian-American creatives. If you are one, or know of any who would "
" :          "
"The remaining 18% of the sample consisted of participants who were African American (6%), Hispanic (2%), Asian (7% "
"   You fixated on American culture...but you from the UK yet are talking about "
" : Presenting you an artist who's won Bilboard, american, MTV vm, teen choice awards(2), iheartradio, MTV Europe award,,, li"
"This time we want to talk about the crumbling schools that are stealing the future of black children and white chil "
"Super interesting (and infuriating) case study about the reappropriation of a slur://t.co/bc5fkCJ3nQ"
" : younger me could not have imagined one day teaching queer asian american poets to queer asian american students. so wil"
" "
"Must we accept  crudely triumphalist view of the American experience a history built on genocide &amp; slavery, "
"  the purpose of my bill is to free the human spirit. To make it possible for everyone to achieve according to th "
" The breathing of the Asian American female would only hitch abruptly and loudly as Courtney felt the o "
"But anyway I finally decided on a presentation topic which is the psychology and cultural/racial schema of the  "
" xotiffanypics:  me being from Kpop, being Asian American, being a woman. I had suppressed a lot of my emotio "
"First of all American England have to apologize to Asian for the past   It not right to occupy or steal or kill people"
" I hope we will get more black, Asian, Muslim, native American, but also people with all kind of body in movies and games "
"All of the asian kids know damn well if they failed one subject their parents would KILL them and why American pare "
" :  is a deep sense of outrage that mass incarcerations are happening again in the United States and we intend to be the al"
"Big City: Stop Fixating on One Elite High School, Stuyvesant. There Are Bigger. "
"Immigrant Asian American women may be at higher risk for breast cancer "
" "
" : I've never seen #911onFox but apparently one of the main characters is Asian-American and you see his family and they ar"
" : It's about time.   Fong Eu, the 1st Asian American in the U.S. to serve in a state Legislature, will have the secreta"
"   As an American I don't see what's so good about capitalism? We have poor healt "
"The Atlantic Daily: A #MeToo Nightmare in Speech and Debate We Following is losing hold of a unifor "
" : Some of important awards that Zayn had American Music Award  For ( Best New Artist )Billboard Music Award fo"
""
" : Let us take a moment to reflect on the fact that so far we have many women, African Americans, an Asian American, a Latino"
" : Top 5 girls come like this . West Indian  . Asian . South American . Arab. East/Central African"
" : #RoadsOfArabia has participated in 15 stations in the most famous international museums in European, American and Asian"
" "
"   If you are going to reverse American progress back to the 1990s, are you going to also "
" the VR video game is (mostly) nonviolent and built around creativity to overcome the opponent's team. "
"40. i am an asian american "
" : Yup. This man saw an African American woman, an Asian woman, a South Asian woman, and a tattooed Latino, and he just co"
" Will that even work? They never want an Asian American to be the Bachelor because they get no views. Right  ?"
" : Hello, morning crowd!!!  reached ~70 sign-ups already (eeep your book is too popular,  ), but I hopin"
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
"  I guess Smollett is of a preferred minority ( blacks, lgbt, muslims). Good luck to the fake "
"  I guess Smollett is of a preferred minority ( blacks, lgbt, muslims). Good luck to the fa "
"   is invented words from White People."
"Virginia's first black female police chief says she was forced to resignSome quite frankly did not like taking di "
"Wall Street bonuses declined 17 percent in 2018 ... to about $150,000 typical American household would have to "
" : I remember when I went weeks without having the excuse to congratulate an Asian American getting hired for something cool"
"( . . .  u ch)  xotiffanypics:  me being from Kpop, being Asian American, being a woman. I had "
"Father and son duo, Jean-Georges and C Vongerichten proudly present Vong Kitchen as their first restaurant in "
"Asian American Medical Group Limited $AJJ Is Yet to See Trading Action on Mar 27 "
"I love my own culture and identity as an Asian American but the older I am, the more I question the Asian values I "
" "
" The problem was black and Veatch,'s inhouse engineers were sidelined in favor of some Asian and A "
"You can call me an Asian American/Filipino American/minority architect so long as you refer to white architects as "
" "
" :   If Israel was an African Arab Asian or South American long time it would have been bombed by the"
"Leah Hing was the first American born Chinese American woman to earn a pilot's license. During #WWII she worked as "
""
"Japanese Americans participating in a ceremony at a former internment camp will then bring paper cranes to immigran "
"Someone introduce me to your beautiful Asian American bestie. She gotta like to eat and drink a lot tho.."
" : y'all. the asian-american creative community is STACKED. 24 hours have been wild: creatives everywhere reaching out to"
" :  is a deep sense of outrage that mass incarcerations are happening again in the United States and we intend to be the al"
"   Don't roll your eyes, you're korean/asian, so you wouldn't know. In american culture "
" : Here are four Asian-American women you probably didn't learn about in school. #WomensHistoryMonth "
" : European #cuisine is miles better than Asian, African or Latin American ones. It's more refined, sophisticated and bet"
" : After WWII incarceration, Setsuko Matsunaga Nishi helped Japanese Americans rebuild their lives and built bridges betwee"
" : Which 2020 candidates will announce next? Which 2020 candidates will make it clear to the American people that Latinx, "
" : Hi friends,  nurtures artists + was the love of my friend Katherine Min's  life + she was the love of"
" : Wow, as an Asian American, I can imagine the devastating comment from a parent being accidental. "
" Ethinicity  = African, Caucasian, Asian etc = South African, American, Indian etc... : "
"When I see my work, I my own worst critic. Like, I just had two episodes of TV air back-to-back days and I winc "
" also a reason why i hate when neolib types credit the rise of asia countries to capitalism. their form of "
" : As a proud Asian American and fan of game shows, trivia, and , I THROUGHLY enjoyed every second of this podcast"
"Khlo Kardashian Sends Clothes to a Fan, Who Said She Couldn't Afford Good American Jeans "
" : Done!  My (for purchase at the event) piece for THE NEON LOTUS gallery show in LA opening Friday, April 9th. It a dope as"
"Pron Chinese,European,American,Asian beauties are waiting for you"
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
"Chinese,European,American,Asian beauties are waiting for you"
" I am Asian/American and lived in Australia (SYD, Bondi &amp; Bris) and I remember a TON of racism.  It all out "
" : Who will we announce next to loudly demonstrate they don't intend to take Black, Indigenous, Latinx, Asian American, Indi"
" : Been brainstorming how to inspire the future generation of Asian-American creatives. If you are one, or know of any who would "
"   Do you write about Asian American artists?"
" : For anyone wanting to delve deeper into Asian American studies on their own... recommendations! #WeNeedAAPISt"
" : Dr. Martha Jee Wong is a Texas politician who was the first Asian American woman to be elected to the Texas House of Represe"
"Pioneer Asian American honored with naming of state building in California. #AAPI "
" : This Women History Month, we recognizing trailblazing Asian American women who are leading and influencing social justice"
"Why So Many Asian-American Women Are Bleaching Their Hair Blond "
"Chinese,European,American,Asian beauties are waiting for you"
" Professor! The Pax Americana won find a friend in the whole Central Asian region if the Trump and h "
" White Nationalism   LOL,   Listen students pay attention in class!  It is Called American Nationa "
"y'all. the asian-american creative community is STACKED. 24 hours have been wild: creatives everywhere reach "
" : We can't wait to discuss the wage gap! #SheThePeople2020Asian American women as a group are the only women of color w"
" : WITNESS MARGARET SEILER posted - Solidarity. #CreativeResistance #WitnessTornillo #TargetHomestead #HomesInstead #Foll"
" : Saying this louder, for any1 complaining. Historically, I was in awe &amp; proud in 1968 seeing myself represented by "
" Some American Asian joints be real iffy but when you get the REAL Asian Sushi you can go wrong Big Club "
" Oh that what I mean  the idea of having parents like this seems very common in the Asian-American expe "
"    I'm sure they were African american... And? It's no more "
"Dear #Amazon #Disney #Marvel and any other retailer who may produce this. You missing an entire market when you "
" : Saying this louder, for any1 complaining. Historically, I was in awe &amp; proud in 1968 seeing myself represented by "
"Really enjoy   tweets but man, seeing comments like this always make me feel the gulf between me and Asi "
" : I was proud to honor #MarchFongEu's service to our state and her history-making career. The March Fong Eu Secretary of"
" : After WWII incarceration, Setsuko Matsunaga Nishi helped Japanese Americans rebuild their lives and built bridges betwee"
" : As  Chair, I'm pleased to join in the dedication of the March Fong Eu California Secretary of State buildi"
" : ok but can we all just take a moment to appricate how scarlett johanson dominated hollywood as a multi racial asian american"
"For an Asian-American Family, the Cost of Education "
"        "
"As a proud Asian American and fan of game shows, trivia, and , I THROUGHLY enjoyed every second of "
" : Which 2020 candidates will announce next? Which 2020 candidates will make it clear to the American people that Latinx, "
"         "
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
" : Wow, as an Asian American, I can imagine the devastating comment from a parent being accidental. "
" : CSU leaders met with  and members of the  to thank them for their support of Asian American and Pacific Isla"
" Oh yes. My HS calc teacher kept saying you might have been good at math before (looking at me) but this "
" : I need your vote! I'm up to speak at  Creative Week for my talk about #StarringJohnCho + The Rise of the New Asi"
"With #Milwaukee set to host the#2020DemocraticConvention the #DemocraticNationalCommittee is counting in part on "
"With #Milwaukee set to host the#2020DemocraticConvention the #DemocraticNationalCommittee is counting in part on "
" : had a great time talking with 's  Asian/Pacific Islander American Women class at the University of Michigan!"
" : Recently, I asked Twitter for recommendations for fantasy and sci-fi YA novels written by and for Asian American women. I"
"    Asian stewardess have to ..."
"Wow, as an Asian American, I can imagine the devastating comment from a parent being accidental. "
"My fellow Asian American poet pals going to AWP: I think I have the answer to our problem of trying to cram all of "
" : Here are memoirs written by Asian-American women to read in honor of #WomensHistoryMonth "
" :  The hate crimes are AGAINST TRUMP SUPPOERS &amp; CONSERVATIVES! This has nothing to do with being white, black, As"
" : Here are four Asian-American women you probably didn't learn about in school. #WomensHistoryMonth "
" :  because they have an Asian, Latino or African-American face on the poster, when you get to the counter, the prod"
" : Some of important awards that Zayn had American Music Award  For ( Best New Artist )Billboard Music Award fo"
" :  of the great, powerful things about cinema is that it can tell a relatable human story that helps inform what g"
" :  the drop of our third and final batch of 'FIRST TIMES' submissions  stories written by members of our Asia"
" i like it!!! it's good. vanilla-y + a bit of a floral flavor. it's a biiiiiit too sweet for me. i sh "
"These Asian-American celebs are crew goals. "
" : Of course, there has also been a massive anti-feminist backlash within the Asian American community too, informed by the"
" : Over my two decades, I have watched how the forces of toxic masculinity arrayed against Asian American feminists have ta"
" :  truly believe that art is a form of activism. So when we writing and playing music, that still sup this vis"
" : For me, our history is full of powerful Asian American women, because -- as cliched as it sounds -- I see power in every"
" : Powerful Asian American women are women like my grandmother who was not taught to read until she taught herself at night"
" : I want a future where Asian Americans are no longer afraid to identify as feminist. I want a future where Asian American"
" : I want to see a future where the importance of Asian American feminist theory and movement work is understood and accept"
" : A12: For me, the future of Asian American women and girls starts by all of us knowing our history, and knowing why our h"
" : Dystopias and Utopias in Contemporary Asian American Literature panel/ the wonderful   "
"Dystopias and Utopias in Contemporary Asian American Literature panel/ the wonderful   "
" : Asian American and Pacific Islander women in the U.S. make an average of 85 cents for every $1 a white man does. It tim"
" : Tiffany, This is a song from my experience as as a kpop singer, an Asian American woman. There's no such thing like perfecti"
" : More about Asian-American magic! Part 2 of the interview with  Full video: "
" : Here some are pictures of me as characters that are commonly portrayed by white actors. Every day I push myself to wor"
" : #Minnesota We at Chinese American Progressive Action support high-quality data to better serve all our communities! We oppo"
" Thanks, David. I'm actually well aware of the Asian dialects (I speak Korean), but I have been asked t "
" The hate crimes are AGAINST TRUMP SUPPOERS &amp; CONSERVATIVES! This has nothing to do with being white, bla "
" Why East Asian and Native American a group smhtf"
"  Of course I don. I not American or Asian etc. I feel no less British AND European "
" : Asian-American superstar Angela Lee was destined for greatness in mixed martial arts.  in to TNT at 11:45pm ET &amp;"
" : Done!  My (for purchase at the event) piece for THE NEON LOTUS gallery show in LA opening Friday, April 9th. It a dope as"
"  No need to speculate about effects of leftist xenophobia in US. FDR put Asian-Americans in con "
"Sandra Oh literally had to be like a living Asian American legend to host SNL... but the show isnt even funny. Like "
" "
"it is even more funny with further context live in Australia so they expect Aussie accent  countries tea "
" : If we stand together as black and white, Latino, Native American, Asian American, gay and straight . . .If we have the co"
"Native American cuisine: In other cases, documents from the early periods of contact with European, African, and As "
"Chinese,European,American,Asian beauties are waiting for you"
"Chinese English English English or UK English English "
"Locals when they see 7 Asian men at an American award show  "
"omg i cant believe there going to be an asian female lead in the new avengers movie,, how life changing for the a "
" : Check out 's state specific fact sheets to keep your local communities informed abt the importance of the #2"
" : These Asian-American celebs are crew goals. "
" :  HOT NEW SHOW ALE!!!  AF Presents: Gaysian AF is a comedy variety show featuring the best LGBTQ+ Asian Ame"
" : I've never seen #911onFox but apparently one of the main characters is Asian-American and you see his family and they ar"
" : For anyone wanting to delve deeper into Asian American studies on their own... recommendations! #WeNeedAAPISt"
" : Hello, morning crowd!!!  reached ~70 sign-ups already (eeep your book is too popular,  ), but I hopin"
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
"Asian Doll / Asian Da Brat can be Asian if she wants to be - signed off by Asian american cultural awareness preser "
"Japanese-American activists fold paper cranes to show solidarity at Texas detention facility "
" :  truly believe that art is a form of activism. So when we writing and playing music, that still sup this vis"
" : Tiffany, This is a song from my experience as as a kpop singer, an Asian American woman. There's no such thing like perfecti"
" : After WWII incarceration, Setsuko Matsunaga Nishi helped Japanese Americans rebuild their lives and built bridges betwee"
" I wondering if this is a POC thing? I notice this a lot with other POC friends &amp; students. At my last "
" : As educators, we must unlearn the biased, simplistic beliefs that we might hold about what it means to be Asian American"
"   I'm a fan of Erika Lee's book I like how it read as an Asian American hxstory "
" : Yup. This man saw an African American woman, an Asian woman, a South Asian woman, and a tattooed Latino, and he just co"
" : Saying this louder, for any1 complaining. Historically, I was in awe &amp; proud in 1968 seeing myself represented by "
"Part of the missing debate, the sacrifices #AAPI families make. "
" : European #cuisine is miles better than Asian, African or Latin American ones. It's more refined, sophisticated and bet"
" We prefer  American"
" : ok but can we all just take a moment to appricate how scarlett johanson dominated hollywood as a multi racial asian american"
"Why is it so hard to find an Asian-American actor under 40 who can speak decent Cantonese these days??"
" Elsa Johansson asked Chun Hei Kim a Buddhist bisexual Black American Korean Southeast Asian woman of col "
"ok but can we all just take a moment to appricate how scarlett johanson dominated hollywood as a multi racial asian "
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
"   I wonder what the sinophobic CIA paid fake analyst propagandists and asian ame "
"A powerful and poignant piece, written by a dear friend. Worth the read.  "
" : Robert Downey Jr. An American, acting as an Australian, acting as an African American, acting as an Asian. "
" :  the drop of our third and final batch of 'FIRST TIMES' submissions  stories written by members of our Asia"
" : Now we have a proclamation honoring the Vietnamese American Community of Colorado in Denver. a quarter of Denver's Asian"
" : Well-written piece, this is very common in our culture where parents sacrifice so much for their children's education op"
" : CSU leaders met with  and members of the  to thank them for their support of Asian American and Pacific Isla"
" : If you are: Black Latino Native American Asian American Muslim A woman A college student Lesbian Gay B"
" Lmaooo. No not today.  was actually thinking of East Asian or South Asian films that will bring in toke "
" : WITNESS MARGARET SEILER posted - Solidarity. #CreativeResistance #WitnessTornillo #TargetHomestead #HomesInstead #Foll"
" Where is the Democratic politicians they should be out raged by this. The African-American committee "
" : The March Fong Eu Secretary of State complex is the first state-owned building to be named for an Asian-American woman. h"
" : The 24th Annual Asian American Showcase! 5-17, 2019 // #CHICAGO://t.co/wTgD63vKWl your tickets befor"
" hi lyrica!  wish i can be there to meet you &amp; tell you how much you inspire me in person. but as "
" : The Asian American vote is continuing to be more important, especially as political parties tackle battleground states leadi"
" : Hello, morning crowd!!!  reached ~70 sign-ups already (eeep your book is too popular,  ), but I hopin"
" : Maybe it's just the women I know, but I don't know any weak Asian and Asian American women. And history is full of coura"
" What do mean? South Asian? American?"
" : Our 2018 Voter Survey showed #AAPI voters are not being reached by either party despite being 4% of the voting population. Wi"
"Hello, co-fellows of Knight Center,  University of Maryland. Good evening.  I was chosen as fellow there twice year "
" : Top 5 girls come like this . West Indian  . Asian . South American . Arab. East/Central African"
" to know everything about your culture when you know jackshit about theirs or try to understand it is no "
" : I need your vote! I'm up to speak at  Creative Week for my talk about #StarringJohnCho + The Rise of the New Asi"
" : Hi #TRANSMASCAISTS ! My name is Anke, I'm an illustrator, and after almost a year, I've finally made my BFA thesis proj"
" : It also, in even the most progressive corners of this country, an acceptable variety of racism, one that dresses up its"
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
"   Unemployment claims at 50 year low-American, Hispanic, and Asia "
" : Patsy Mink was the first nonwhite and first Asian-American woman elected to Congress. She coauthored Title IX based on her own ex"
"  you thought having an Asian American champion at  would blemish the  tonight's "
" Tortilla - South American - Asian and Mayonnaise - Western"
"Yup. This man saw an African American woman, an Asian woman, a South Asian woman, and a tattooed Latino, and he jus "
" :  HOT NEW SHOW ALE!!!  AF Presents: Gaysian AF is a comedy variety show featuring the best LGBTQ+ Asian Ame"
" i just stumbled upon a podcast called ABG?? i pretty sure you might heard of it but it really f "
"A plaque given to the first flag rank Asian American: RADM Ming E ChangCollectibles and Memorabilia military wall p "
"         "
"Where I grew up in NJ, my town was probably 40% Jewish. We had significant numbers of Asian and Latin American immi "
" : In Midwest states, political parties eye growing Asian-American electorate. "
" : american men continue to visit southeast asia to patronize its sex industry which exploits young southeast asian women, man"
"I already accepted that I going to cry every time an Asian American is hosting SNL. Last time it was "
" truly believe that art is a form of activism. So when we writing and playing music, that still sup "
"Meeting today with   and the Congressional Asian Pacific American Caucus in Washington, D.C., "
" : Join us at the Asian American Caucus at #AWP2019 on Thursday, March 28 at 6:15 pm. Co-organized w/ all your favorite Asian Americ"
" feels different when I owe my parents instead of some faceless corporation. I notice how their hair has graye "
" : I just found out that I will be the President-elect for the Association for Asian American Studies. To say that I am humbled,"
"The March Fong Eu Secretary of State complex is the first state-owned building to be named for an Asian-American wo "
" : Enjoyed spending the afternoon holding a town hall with a group of incredible leaders from Las Vegas' Asian American and P"
" : This is a public twitter account for all Asian American to support Donald J. Trump for President of United States!"
" : European #cuisine is miles better than Asian, African or Latin American ones. It's more refined, sophisticated and bet"
" :  the drop of our third and final batch of 'FIRST TIMES' submissions  stories written by members of our Asia"
" These questions are AMAZING. Choose an Asian female or male singles skater? Actual hell. Choose a North "
"Ah yes. An Asian TV show with a Asian participants but an American presenter. Fuck off will ya. Asian American and "
" : Hello, morning crowd!!!  reached ~70 sign-ups already (eeep your book is too popular,  ), but I hopin"
" : "
" the drop of our third and final batch of 'FIRST TIMES' submissions  stories written by members of our "
"Lrt: I love this movie to death. It is cheesy, stupid and the epitome of 90 pre-teen movies. BUT, It was one of t "
" Hi Mindy if you get a chance check out this Sundance feature about South Asian American teens post 9/1 "
" : Top 5 girls come like this . West Indian  . Asian . South American . Arab. East/Central African"
" : After WWII incarceration, Setsuko Matsunaga Nishi helped Japanese Americans rebuild their lives and built bridges betwee"
"In Midwest states, political parties eye growing Asian-American electorate "
" : These Asian-American celebs are crew goals. "
" : Tiffany, This is a song from my experience as as a kpop singer, an Asian American woman. There's no such thing like perfecti"
"Immigration drama 'Yellow Rose' wants to diversify Asian-American stories in Hollywood "
" :  HOT NEW SHOW ALE!!!  AF Presents: Gaysian AF is a comedy variety show featuring the best LGBTQ+ Asian Ame"
" : Hi #TRANSMASCAISTS ! My name is Anke, I'm an illustrator, and after almost a year, I've finally made my BFA thesis proj"
" : This essay could break your heart -- Asian-American families make such deep sacrifices to succeed as applicants. "
"In Midwest states, political parties eye growing Asian-American electorate "
"   KOAM Chamber is a new Chamber that was established with a focus on young "
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
" : Unrelated to anything, should I write a piece asking the rest of this country to please stop calling Asian American women adora"
" : CSU leaders met with  and members of the  to thank them for their support of Asian American and Pacific Isla"
"    Im with you Im for Brexit Party, also Amexit party over here. Hillar "
"What in the Caucasian Asian American is going on here??? "
" : Been brainstorming how to inspire the future generation of Asian-American creatives. If you are one, or know of any who would "
"Try if they must, but if Q's for AA reparations is an issue but not with any other group on receiving reparations o "
" :  of the great, powerful things about cinema is that it can tell a relatable human story that helps inform what g"
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
"Dear: Martin Luther King Jr Malcolm X and Hewe P Newton no African American girl want to have sex with me Craig so "
" : Saying this louder, for any1 complaining. Historically, I was in awe &amp; proud in 1968 seeing myself represented by "
"Awkwafina joked about the  Asian glow in an Oscar night photo that featured several iconic Asian-American "
" : Done!  My (for purchase at the event) piece for THE NEON LOTUS gallery show in LA opening Friday, April 9th. It a dope as"
" : For anyone wanting to delve deeper into Asian American studies on their own... recommendations! #WeNeedAAPISt"
" : It important to make sure we don forget about cultural centers and student life when talking about Asian American Stud"
" : Wow! Look at that  Asian American Studies program! #WeNeedAAPIStudies "
" They really hate themselves and that I can't even imagine. have been with plenty of black American "
"  Careful, let not the Twitter patrol catch thee... dye your hair, change clothes, identif "
" : Thinking about the beginnings of Asian American Studies and the  student strike - 50 years ago and we still fighti"
" : Starting our first lecture, given by  on  Asian American Studies now!! Just finished an amazing workshop o"
"  Grandfather 1:  1:   2:   2:  :   "
"For anyone wanting to delve deeper into Asian American studies on their own... recommendations! "
" : Check out 's new digital exhibition, A Day in the Queer Life of Asian Pacific America, which features s"
" : OMG  this write-up about our #C2E2 panel attributes A BUNCH of points each of us made... To the wrong person"
" : Asian-American superstar Angela Lee was destined for greatness in mixed martial arts.  in to TNT at 11:45pm ET &amp;"
"     we strive for  community believe it neither  / her, "
" : Incredible feature by  on the forgotten history of Gidra, a radical Asian-American magazine. "
"Wow! Look at that  Asian American Studies program! #WeNeedAAPIStudies "
"thesis: cultural appropriation is not the exclusive domain of people of western hemispheric descent point: as "
" : The Asian American vote is continuing to be more important, especially as political parties tackle battleground states leadi"
" :  I Asian-American Lee Wong , This is my African-American friend  Rodney... And here is my European-American friend B"
"#DEMOCRATS SUPPO ABOION which claims the lives of 81% of babies murdered in the womb that are Black, Asian, His "
"Much of the disparity in acceptance rates between Asian American and white applicants stems from Harvard open pr "
"Well African American girls y'all can't have sex to me Craig anyway to free me from thy Japanese samurai Asian appl "
"Now we have a proclamation honoring the Vietnamese American Community of Colorado in Denver. a quarter of Denver' "
" : #Minnesota We at Chinese American Progressive Action support high-quality data to better serve all our communities! We oppo"
" :  HOT NEW SHOW ALE!!!  AF Presents: Gaysian AF is a comedy variety show featuring the best LGBTQ+ Asian Ame"
"This essay could break your heart -- Asian-American families make such deep sacrifices to succeed as applicants. "
"If we stand together as black and white, Latino, Native American, Asian American, gay and straight . . .If we ha "
"It important to make sure we don forget about cultural centers and student life when talking about Asian Americ "
"With dozens of historical films from the late 60s and 70s, Third World Newsreel is the place to find archival stock "
" : Top 5 girls come like this . West Indian  . Asian . South American . Arab. East/Central African"
"  e.g. a meal from KFC contains everything from the columbian exchange, growing of asian "
" : For clarity, it not one of those creepy holograms they used for Tupac. Still feel weird about an iconic Asian America"
"Asian Pacific Islander Desi American &amp; Raza Grad Celebrations are full &amp; we took the links down.  left in B "
" : Well-written piece, this is very common in our culture where parents sacrifice so much for their children's education op"
" 2/2  since who knows. im not american, nor canadian like the agent thinks.  I travel on a diplomatic passport.  Im asian."
" : CSU leaders met with  and members of the  to thank them for their support of Asian American and Pacific Isla"
"Awkwafina joked about the  Asian glow in an Oscar night photo that featured several iconic Asian-American "
"I've never seen #911onFox but apparently one of the main characters is Asian-American and you see his family and th "
"My fellow Asians out here.          You not weak I promise loving yourself enough to seek help is okay. As a Asi "
" : Thinking about the beginnings of Asian American Studies and the  student strike - 50 years ago and we still fighti"
"  And I sorry but why are all of them white? You really trying to tell me there ain no Asi "
" : Saying this louder, for any1 complaining. Historically, I was in awe &amp; proud in 1968 seeing myself represented by "
"Thinking about the beginnings of Asian American Studies and the  student strike - 50 years ago and we still "
" : Don think many people realize how groundbreaking last night ep was! When last have we seen an asian American have their"
"tu[(y)o] a North American or Asian tree of damp and swampy habitats, which yields useful timber."
" : Awkwafina joked about the  Asian glow in an Oscar night photo that featured several iconic Asian-American celebriti"
" : One in four of about 40 million family caregivers in the U.S are millennials and more than half of them identify as African-Americ"
"Pls don use my critique of how no one is giving 2 sh*ts about actual Asian American kids to amplify a some conser "
" : Starting our first lecture, given by  on  Asian American Studies now!! Just finished an amazing workshop o"
"My student Jingjing Xiao in The New York Times, writing about the high cost of education for Asian-American familie "
" : After WWII incarceration, Setsuko Matsunaga Nishi helped Japanese Americans rebuild their lives and built bridges betwee"
" : Tiffany, This is a song from my experience as as a kpop singer, an Asian American woman. There's no such thing like perfecti"
"Ousted Nissan executive Carlos Ghosn is somewhat popular in Japan for recognition of his fraction of Asian American "
" : Which 2020 candidates will announce next? Which 2020 candidates will make it clear to the American people that Latinx, "
"Starting our first lecture, given by  on  Asian American Studies now!! Just finished an amazing wor "
"  Also, don't hispanic and asian Americans have longer life expectancies than white Ameri "
"European #cuisine is miles better than Asian, African or Latin American ones. It's more refined, sophisticated and "
"Disney's animations always feature minority Asian and South American characters. It is likely to encourage coexiste "
" : It also, in even the most progressive corners of this country, an acceptable variety of racism, one that dresses up its"
"Create change and make your voice count. Join AA ERG Leadership Caucus to power diverse thinking in the workplace. "
" : Immigration drama  Rose starring Eva Noblezada and Lea Salonga will be the opening film at this year #LAAPFF2019."
"Awkwafina joked about the  Asian glow in an Oscar night photo that featured several iconic Asian-American "
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
"After WWII incarceration, Setsuko Matsunaga Nishi helped Japanese Americans rebuild their lives and built bridges b "
"Event for The Asian-American Association (A3) of CSA #professionaleducators #educationalresourcecompany #manhattan "
"yesterday i tried to tell my dad that asian americans are their own subculture and he tried to say there isn a di "
" : These Asian-American celebs are crew goals. "
" : younger me could not have imagined one day teaching queer asian american poets to queer asian american students. so wil"
" : Here are memoirs written by Asian-American women to read in honor of #WomensHistoryMonth "
" : I was proud to honor #MarchFongEu's service to our state and her history-making career. The March Fong Eu Secretary of"
"An amazing, well written article about why racism is bad and and why we need to be vigilant and dismantle it. Also, "
"Yes! "
"These Asian-American celebs are crew goals. "
"  Apparently, Asian American women who speak out are a-troll-able"
"Don think many people realize how groundbreaking last night ep was! When last have we seen an asian American ha "
"Join the Asian American Caucus meeting for #AWP19: Thurs 3/28 6-7:15 pm at OCC E147-148 "
" : I need your vote! I'm up to speak at  Creative Week for my talk about #StarringJohnCho + The Rise of the New Asi"
" : Hello, morning crowd!!!  reached ~70 sign-ups already (eeep your book is too popular,  ), but I hopin"
" : Head of Asian American GOP group (and Cindy Yang political mentor)  rule out the possibility of foreigners makin"
" : Some of important awards that Zayn had American Music Award  For ( Best New Artist )Billboard Music Award fo"
" It's a battlefield clan started with people from all the flags. But that doesn't limit our players. We h "
" Not Chinese but asian-american and yes"
"OMG  this write-up about our #C2E2 panel attributes A BUNCH of points each of us made... To the wrong p "
"Opportunities - High School JCamp a high school journalist seeking a summer workshop? The Asian American Journ "
"Why some Asian accents swap Ls and Rs in English -   A linguistic stereotype, explained. One of the most persiste "
" : I just found out that I will be the President-elect for the Association for Asian American Studies. To say that I am humbled,"
"Four of Tina Takemoto shorts are featuring at BFI Flare. They focus on queer Asian American identity. Here, she t "
" : ASIAN AMERICAN FRIENDS! what do you like to eat when you're bummed? for me, it's usually either pizza with ranch dressing"
" She was not really Asian .. Krystena was a mix of Portuguese &amp; Filipino..( Her mom was Filipina &amp; her d "
" : CSU leaders met with  and members of the  to thank them for their support of Asian American and Pacific Isla"
"Hello, morning crowd!!!  reached ~70 sign-ups already (eeep your book is too popular,  ), but I "
"ASIAN AMERICAN FRIENDS! what do you like to eat when you're bummed? for me, it's usually either pizza with ranch dr "
". adds that she always thrilled when she sees Asian-American writers. She remembers going to go the "
" : I was proud to honor #MarchFongEu's service to our state and her history-making career. The March Fong Eu Secretary of"
" : Kelly Marie Tran '11 is the first Asian-American woman to star in a #StarWars film and the first Asian-American woman to a"
"I was proud to honor #MarchFongEu's service to our state and her history-making career. The March Fong Eu Secretary "
" : preview of the piece i did for ! there are so many amazing creators participating and i'm so happy to have gotte"
" :  of the great, powerful things about cinema is that it can tell a relatable human story that helps inform what g"
"Join CRGC and Asian Studies at American University in this elective course taught online this summer:  ASIA-296-001 "
" : american men continue to visit southeast asia to patronize its sex industry which exploits young southeast asian women, man"
" : [A]n extraordinary piece of scholarship, with revelations in every chapter.'s American War by Pierre Asselin"
" : Saying this louder, for any1 complaining. Historically, I was in awe &amp; proud in 1968 seeing myself represented by "
" :  HOT NEW SHOW ALE!!!  AF Presents: Gaysian AF is a comedy variety show featuring the best LGBTQ+ Asian Ame"
" : Some great street food dishes are being cooked up by the Level 3 students at  College Multicultural Day! We"
" : Our 2018 Voter Survey showed #AAPI voters are not being reached by either party despite being 4% of the voting population. Wi"
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
"Like i get it you like whoever you like but i find it really strange she literally loves all american and european "
"Listen up simmers! In Iron Seagull's video, I heard him saying New York-inspired world, I think we all got San Mysh "
" : Top 5 girls come like this . West Indian  . Asian . South American . Arab. East/Central African"
" idk why, but I always feel a strong prejudice from americans in relation to Asian or Latin-American countries."
" : This piece brings up an important distinction. Even within the middle class, education experiences vary by parental involv"
"High School  Production Wins Internet "
"    The test is fair to anyone.  Half of the Asian American students who "
" : Calling all Asian American poets! Check the link below for info on this upcoming anthology. Submissions are due by Marc"
"  Zhang is just coming in hot (it's the twitter way lol) and I don't think most Asian-Am "
"    Maybe this could give you some idea: "
"We can't wait to discuss the wage gap! #SheThePeople2020Asian American women as a group are the only women of co "
"    Read 's earlier tweets.  The majority of the Asian American k "
" : Know what's cool? Having 2 Spoon panels up for  Creative Summit. Know what's cooler? Voting for them! Find "
"  The original tweet is calling out Asian-American for hyperfocusing on microagressions pr "
" : Been brainstorming how to inspire the future generation of Asian-American creatives. If you are one, or know of any who would "
"  As a Korean-born myself I prefer Asian horror to American... Less gore, more suspense, more "
"  Texas is HUGE! Population 28.7Million demographics are ridiculous &amp; meaningless. "
" : Some of important awards that Zayn had American Music Award  For ( Best New Artist )Billboard Music Award fo"
" : APA Division 45 and the Asian American Psychological Association (AAPA) Division on Students are presenting a webinar"
" : Many diasporic Asians in the US (more commonly known as Asian-'Americans') grow up feeling ashamed of their Asian roo"
"In Midwest states, political parties eye growing Asian-American electorate "
"preview of the piece i did for ! there are so many amazing creators participating and i'm so happy to "
"Know what's cool? Having 2 Spoon panels up for  Creative Summit. Know what's cooler? Voting for them! "
""
" : Apparently, it's white privilege to have a fair legal system. Tina Tchen (Asian female) asked Smollett prosecutor Kim Foxx"
"CSU leaders met with  and members of the  to thank them for their support of Asian American and Pa "
"  Well mb if so. Him being a vet or not is still unrelated to the point.  a nat "
"Yo  how about the current massive hoax going on that under a no deal Brexit there won be food or med "
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
" : In Midwest states, political parties eye growing Asian-American electorate. "
"Our 2018 Voter Survey showed #AAPI voters are not being reached by either party despite being 4% of the voting popu "
" : In Midwest states, political parties eye growing Asian-American electorate. "
" : Although I grew up firmly upper-middle class, my Asian-American family has always operated on level of frugality familiar to"
"A Day in the Queer Life of Asian Pacific America is a new digital exhibition by the Smithsonian Asian Pacific Ameri "
"In Midwest states, political parties eye growing Asian-American electorate. "
" : In 's new memoir  Live the Tribe of Fatherless Girls, no topics are off limits, from her relationships w"
" HOT NEW SHOW ALE!!!  AF Presents: Gaysian AF is a comedy variety show featuring the best LGBTQ+ As "
" : Tiffany, This is a song from my experience as as a kpop singer, an Asian American woman. There's no such thing like perfecti"
"The whole of American history is a giant transfer of land/wealth from Native ppl, Mexicans, Asian-Americans, Black "
"In 's new memoir  Live the Tribe of Fatherless Girls, no topics are off limits, from her relationshi "
"How do I even begin to document the asian American experience through photographs?"
"As refugees of war, the Southeast Asian American experiences high level of mental health conditions; a 2010 study "
"Well-written piece, this is very common in our culture where parents sacrifice so much for their children's educati "
" : The Asian American vote is continuing to be more important, especially as political parties tackle battleground states leadi"
"A Korean mom and a Japanese father is Korean and Japanese American or Asian American but this implies that the fath "
" I'll take the other side. Trump seems to have overperformed with Asian-Americans in 2016 in a way tha "
" : In Midwest states, political parties eye growing Asian-American electorate "
" : Did you know? In 2018, 70 percent of Asian American candidates won state legislative office. Check out our new guest post by"
" : As part of CAAM ongoing work to support emerging and established Asian American filmmakers, we are excited to announce 15 proje"
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
" :  of the great, powerful things about cinema is that it can tell a relatable human story that helps inform what g"
" : Saying this louder, for any1 complaining. Historically, I was in awe &amp; proud in 1968 seeing myself represented by "
" of the great, powerful things about cinema is that it can tell a relatable human story that helps inform what "
" : ICE continues to separate Southeast Asian American families across California. Sign our petition to  urging him t"
"   #First President Asian American &amp; Pacific Islander Advisory Committee with our 16th President. Dr. "
" : March Fong Eu, who was the first Asian American in the United States to serve in a state Legislature, will have the secretar"
" : The College of Letters and Science provides a wealth of experiences in Chicana/o, African American and African, Asian America"
" : Honor to MC Taste of Ginger fundraiser for Joslin Diabetes Center Asian American Diabetes Initiative at the Museum of Fin"
" : This piece brings up an important distinction. Even within the middle class, education experiences vary by parental involv"
" : The Asian American vote is continuing to be more important, especially as political parties tackle battleground states leadi"
"I went to a school w mostly white people in the 80s can anyone confirm if I the first Asian American to ever wear "
"The Asian American vote is continuing to be more important, especially as political parties tackle battleground sta "
" : A1 (2/2): Diabetes is more common in people who are African American, Hispanic, American Indian, Asian American, Native Alas"
"2019 CelebrAsian Conference is in Houston, Texas! your seat to attend the largest procurement and business "
" :    South American &amp; Asian countries are a threat to our health. Diseases like this deadly"
" : Top 5 girls come like this . West Indian  . Asian . South American . Arab. East/Central African"
" : hey so very term asian american sucks up to whiteness and betrays a 'model minority' mindset, and as the experienc"
" : APA Division 45 and the Asian American Psychological Association (AAPA) Division on Students are presenting a webinar"
" : Some of important awards that Zayn had American Music Award  For ( Best New Artist )Billboard Music Award fo"
" : I didn want to make a grand political statement, but to show that we are all in it together with the same hopes and"
" : New Mexico is 49% Hispanic and 11% Native American. In contrast, Arizona has smaller Hispanic and Native American populat"
"I'm a significant amount native america. we derived from east asia. so does that mean I'm not a weeb since I'm THE OG Asian-american race?"
" : #Minnesota We at Chinese American Progressive Action support high-quality data to better serve all our communities! We oppo"
" : Options: Beginner or Expert  Q&amp;A Webinar 9am ET US : Oil, Gold, NG, SPX (3 kinds) "
"Yia Xiong shares: As refugees of war, the Southeast Asian American experiences high level of mental health conditi "
" : A1 More Asian American women we should know about for #WomensHistoryMonth   "
" : In Midwest states, political parties eye growing Asian-American electorate. "
"hey I highly recommend This American Life Episode 663: How I Read It to anyone who's been keeping up with the bat "
"Options: Beginner or Expert  Q&amp;A Webinar 9am ET US : Oil, Gold, NG, SPX (3 kinds)  "
"#Minnesota We at Chinese American Progressive Action support high-quality data to better serve all our communities! "
" : PARC research by  &amp;  on association between #park characteristics &amp; #parkuse among children 5"
" : younger me could not have imagined one day teaching queer asian american poets to queer asian american students. so wil"
"We're looking forward to welcoming  to  for Coalitions and Cleavages in Asian American P "
"Some of important awards that Zayn had American Music Award  For ( Best New Artist )Billboard Music Award "
"  don't you ask for an award for all you honorable deeds Kamala.  Your the ideal of every A "
"hey so very term asian american sucks up to whiteness and betrays a 'model minority' mindset, and as the exp "
"I an Asian American graduate of Brooklyn Tech. Please don use me as a wedge in your education lawsuit. // "
" : #Minnesota's #media professionals told us Asian Americans &amp; American Indians are often MISSING in local coverage, African"
"Why don't you ask for an award for all you honorable deeds Kamala.  Your the ideal of every American women black, w "
"In Midwest states, political parties eye growing Asian-American electorate "
"APA Division 45 and the Asian American Psychological Association (AAPA) Division on Students are presenting a webin "
" I said/spelled Minority ...is he African American, Hispanic, Asian etc"
" If they had Japanese accents in English, it would at least fit. The American and sometimes British accents "
" : Kelly Marie Tran '11 is the first Asian-American woman to star in a #StarWars film and the first Asian-American woman to a"
"This piece brings up an important distinction. Even within the middle class, education experiences vary by parental "
"In Midwest states, political parties eye growing Asian-American electorate. "
"I just found out that I will be the President-elect for the Association for Asian American Studies. To say that I a "
" : A  sponsored event: Asian American Association proudly presents its 5th annual Indiana Asian American Conference"
"Shout out to the Asian American Advertising Federation () for turning the big 2-0 this May! Come celebrate w "
"Proud to have both  &amp;  teams participate at the   of Ginger #event "
"#Coachella is just a few weeks away. Learn more about the Asian and Asian American artists who will be performing a "
" : Tiffany, This is a song from my experience as as a kpop singer, an Asian American woman. There's no such thing like perfecti"
"For an Asian-American Family, the Cost of Education  "
"A  sponsored event: Asian American Association proudly presents its 5th annual Indiana Asian American Co "
" : Hi #TRANSMASCAISTS ! My name is Anke, I'm an illustrator, and after almost a year, I've finally made my BFA thesis proj"
" : I am thankful to earn the endorsement of ! With Asian American Action Fund continued support we will lift up a s"
"Growing up as an Asian-American kid, the only people I saw who looked like me on TV were Short Round from Temple of "
"This school will no longer honor race or ethnicity. I could not care less if you are black, brown, red, yellow or "
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
"We making sure that we, at the very least, paying attention to and visiting with a lot of these communities "
" THE FINAL #SOLUTION IS BY 2 #ASIAN #GROUPS WORKING WITH #WHITE #AMERICAN #GROUPS &amp; #HISPANICS,#EQUALLY&amp; "
"Taurus Sun devil on my shoulders: I don't have enough Asian American books on my shelf. ALSO, my birthday is coming "
" : Tired of not having my identity listed on job applications so: White Black/African American Asian American Ind"
"In Midwest states, political parties eye growing Asian-American electorate "
" : This training will serve as an introduction to human trafficking, sexual assault, and mental health in Asian Pacific Islande"
" yo imagine if you had students getting upset with their grades --- tell them about american grading syste "
"Why would an Asian female (Tina Tchen) have an interest in the Jussie Smollett case?   a former aide to Mich "
" are we ever going to be a more inclusive world where all of us can be understood without being judgemental. "
" : I'm quoted in this awesome story from  about unmet financial need among Asian-American students and the need for disa"
"Japanese-American activists fold paper cranes to show solidarity at Texas detention facility "
" : Political parties in the Midwest are looking to engage with a growing population of Asian Americans, who could make a"
"Very excited to be here  Looking forward to the workshop on organizing for Asian American Studies and t "
" Agreed. That the thrust of our convo about it. That &amp; the complexity of the original Jimmy Woo being the "
" : We're celebrating the launch of A Day in the Queer Life of Asian Pacific America! It's an online exhibition by "
"TFF Board member, Thore Vestby, has his article today on the front page of this leading Asian newspaper, right next "
" :  is hiring!!! The work they do is so important to the South Asian American community! "
" : It also, in even the most progressive corners of this country, an acceptable variety of racism, one that dresses up its"
" : As part of CAAM ongoing work to support emerging and established Asian American filmmakers, we are excited to announce 15 proje"
"Introducing the 2019-2020 CORES (Council of Racial and Ethnic Students) eboards!!! BSA (Black Student Alliance), CR "
"Introducing the 2019-2020 CORES (Council of Racial and Ethnic Students) eboards!!! BSA (Black Student Alliance), CR "
" : Enjoyed spending the afternoon holding a town hall with a group of incredible leaders from Las Vegas' Asian American and P"
"why are the lost my theatre final but you African American, Asian, or"
"If you are white, black, asian, and an American, and feel your Nation should come first. are therefore of x rac "
" : Top 5 girls come like this . West Indian  . Asian . South American . Arab. East/Central African"
" : younger me could not have imagined one day teaching queer asian american poets to queer asian american students. so wil"
" No. There are only six inhabited continents.  I'm not Asian, African, Australian, or North or South A "
"#Women, #Gender, and #Families of Color is a #multidisciplinary  journal that centers on the study of #Black, "
" : New Mexico is 49% Hispanic and 11% Native American. In contrast, Arizona has smaller Hispanic and Native American populat"
"    but you seem content to eliminate half of hard working Asian American "
" : [A]n extraordinary piece of scholarship, with revelations in every chapter.'s American War by Pierre Asselin"
" Im Asian American and i wanted the wall build."
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
"  Yes, but the standard will be China fairly soon, don you see that?  I can walk around my "
" I base my views on the American, Canadian, European, Asian &amp; Jewish NGOs who were even more critic "
" : Hopefully, 's warnings about Asian American political complacency will get us to aim higher than just being a"
" : A1 More Asian American women we should know about for #WomensHistoryMonth   "
"Asian leg of the revival tour &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; american leg of the revival tour "
" :   I was in awe &amp; proud in 1968 seeing myself represented by  with the Julia doll, and now again,"
"New Mexico is 49% Hispanic and 11% Native American. In contrast, Arizona has smaller Hispanic and Native American p "
"Political parties in the Midwest are looking to engage with a growing population of Asian Americans, who could make "
" : 8 both the North and Central American, Asian and perhaps not least the African continents. CONMEBOL, the South American part"
"Japanese-American activists will bring paper cranes to show solidarity with migrant families://t.co/Rli2lziY7o"
" : If You Are -American You Are A White Person. Just Give It Up."
" German? Luna piped up.  Spa Wife? Weird bodega name., Asian-American.?. Married a "
"#AsianAmericanTwitter, if you are working in academia - especially political science - I want to see your book prop "
" : Hello friends! Romance readers and writers! Would anyone be interested in writing a guest post or review for Asian Pacific A"
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
"Hello friends! Romance readers and writers! Would anyone be interested in writing a guest post or review for Asian "
"Forget about white privilege, it doesn't exist. If it did, I and tons of us would be better off. There's no such th "
"I almost passed out trying not to laugh in this meeting when the discussion about the economic standing of the Asia "
"The American palate is also evolving as culturally diverse influences become more prevalent. Hispanic, Asian and Mi "
" : We can discuss #SHSAT, but we should never deny the Asian American experience. Their experience is a lot more complicated"
" : Your skin will have a yellowish, golden and/or peachy hue if you fall on the warm side of the undertone spectrum think Je"
" Yeah, some of my friends who are going are BIPOC and I'm meeting a bunch of Asian American writer fr "
" :   It's not just white countries, it Arab countries, it Asian countries, its Latin American countries,"
"#PatsyTakemotoMink was the first woman of color (and Asian-American woman) elected to Congress from Hawai'i. She fo "
" : Saying this louder, for any1 complaining. Historically, I was in awe &amp; proud in 1968 seeing myself represented by "
" THE 2 #ASIAN #GROUPS IN #MEMPHIS WITH #WHITE #AMERICAN #GROUP &amp; #HISPANICS WORKING EQUALLY &amp; 2 OUT OF 3 "
" : Check out 's new digital exhibition, A Day in the Queer Life of Asian Pacific America, which features s"
"In my experience, the pressure that Asian families exert on their children takes the form not of actively demandin "
"#Casting #SouthAsian Actors in San Diego THEATRE 15 Open Call Auditions: Monday, April 15  6:30pm-1 "
"Check out this amazing digital exhibition that explores queer life in Asian American and Pacific Islander communiti "
"Take yo ass back to your own country cause you weren even a natural born American citizen to even be talking "
" : Tiffany, This is a song from my experience as as a kpop singer, an Asian American woman. There's no such thing like perfecti"
"Check out 's new digital exhibition, A Day in the Queer Life of Asian Pacific America, which featu "
" : native american women middle eastern women, asian women "
" : I need your vote! I'm up to speak at  Creative Week for my talk about #StarringJohnCho + The Rise of the New Asi"
"sleep-deprived and caffeine-rattled in the asian american cultural center, i take a nap. what year is it? am i a junior again?"
"James Croxton, The Torch's resident cinephile, spent the weekend before finals watching indie films at the "
"  is no conservative America or liberal America  is no black America no white American- th "
" : If you can eat multiple BWW asian zing wings without being completely incapacitated for 72 hours, please donate your diges"
" : Been brainstorming how to inspire the future generation of Asian-American creatives. If you are one, or know of any who would "
" : Hi #TRANSMASCAISTS ! My name is Anke, I'm an illustrator, and after almost a year, I've finally made my BFA thesis proj"
""
" We need to stop acting like Asian America = East Asian American. And, on top of that, we need to ackn "
"If you can eat multiple BWW asian zing wings without being completely incapacitated for 72 hours, please donate you "
"         "
" : Depends if she Asian Asian or American Asian , cuz the American Asian just gonna cheat on u with a ugly ass nigga and ge"
"If you want to be a model check this out:://t.co/LMy9kI2jYq now we are looking for more Asian/Middle "
" : Yes! In the new national data set I can separate lynchings of Blacks from those of other racial/ethnic groups: Asian (main"
"  Adding to this amazing memorial would be learning about its young architect Maya Yi "
" : Oh Dear.....oh dearie, dearie me.....if that was an Asian or White or Middle Eastern Actor pulling that move on 2 attacke"
" : Combatting stereotype and telling new, authentic stories about the Asian American (and Asian Canadian) experience #ReimagineAsian"
"  Asian character do realise SW isn't set on earth? Han Solo isn't American. Lando "
" : Saying this louder, for any1 complaining. Historically, I was in awe &amp; proud in 1968 seeing myself represented by "
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
" :   If Israel was an African Arab Asian or South American long time it would have been bombed by the"
" : Depends if she Asian Asian or American Asian , cuz the American Asian just gonna cheat on u with a ugly ass nigga and ge"
"#SHSAT opponents believe that  supremacy has something to do with the majority minority Asian-American Speci "
" : Yes! In the new national data set I can separate lynchings of Blacks from those of other racial/ethnic groups: Asian (main"
" 72% Asian American and only 22% Latino?"
"  Colonization? Without American forces stationed overseas in Europe and Asian coutries their "
" No, we speak almost every language we a melting pot lol most of American knows either Spanish or an Asian language"
" : It also, in even the most progressive corners of this country, an acceptable variety of racism, one that dresses up its"
" : Incredible feature by  on the forgotten history of Gidra, a radical Asian-American magazine. "
"   So almost 75% of black families are without FATHERS! a summary "
" :   Thank You Mattel, I appreciate how Mattel realizes #RepresentionMatters Especially While "
"  I'd have to disagree with the idea that Asia America was founded on anti-blackness. You can d "
"  Thank You Mattel, I appreciate how Mattel realizes #RepresentionMatters Especially While "
" : Leading the First Chinese Baptist Church in #Chinatown, Mabel Lee was a trailblazer for Asian women.   rallied Chin"
" : 9 Asian and Asian-American Trendsetters Changing the Fashion Game "
" : PARC research by  &amp;  on association between #park characteristics &amp; #parkuse among children 5"
" Did you reserve any commentary for the influx of white western people into the cultures of Asian, Africa "
" : Top 5 girls come like this . West Indian  . Asian . South American . Arab. East/Central African"
"Incredible feature by  on the forgotten history of Gidra, a radical Asian-American magazine. "
"March Fong Eu, who was the first Asian American in the United States to serve in a state Legislature, will have th "
" TXLegeBills HR 990: Recognizing May 2019 as Asian American and Pacific Islander Heritage Month. #txlege"
"HR 990: Recognizing May 2019 as Asian American and Pacific Islander Heritage Month. #txlege"
"  If Israel was an African Arab Asian or South American long time it would have been bomb "
"#SHSAT opponents say the education system is based on white supremacy and that is why the Specialized High School "
" : Hi #TRANSMASCAISTS ! My name is Anke, I'm an illustrator, and after almost a year, I've finally made my BFA thesis proj"
" : See  at The 24th Annual Asian American Showcase! 12 - 8:15 PM w/ filmmaker  in-person!://t"
" : The 24th Annual Asian American Showcase! 5-17, 2019 // #CHICAGO://t.co/wTgD63vKWl your tickets befor"
"[A]n extraordinary piece of scholarship, with revelations in every chapter.'s American War by Pierre Asse "
" : With Milwaukee set to host the 2020 Democratic convention, the DNC is counting in part on the region fast-growing Asian Am"
"Although I grew up firmly upper-middle class, my Asian-American family has always operated on level of frugality f "
"Cannery Row Buffet offers a plentiful salad bar, Italian station, Asian, American favorites, Chinese, Mexican and m "
" : younger me could not have imagined one day teaching queer asian american poets to queer asian american students. so wil"
"8 both the North and Central American, Asian and perhaps not least the African continents. CONMEBOL, the South Amer "
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
"American dudes who have lived a NOT even consecutive 13 of their 60-70 years in an Asian country are NOT actually a "
" :   I was in awe &amp; proud in 1968 seeing myself represented by  with the Julia doll, and now again,"
" : Many diasporic Asians in the US (more commonly known as Asian-'Americans') grow up feeling ashamed of their Asian roo"
"a proud asian american woman! "
" Only South American teams in Thumbnail for ROTW to American/Asian/African teams "
" : Enjoyed spending the afternoon holding a town hall with a group of incredible leaders from Las Vegas' Asian American and P"
" : Tiffany, This is a song from my experience as as a kpop singer, an Asian American woman. There's no such thing like perfecti"
"With Milwaukee set to host the 2020 Democratic convention, the DNC is counting in part on the region fast-growing "
" : I need your vote! I'm up to speak at  Creative Week for my talk about #StarringJohnCho + The Rise of the New Asi"
" Nobody is keeping any African American out of school. It is really hard and without focus and two lov "
"I hope you have a team of amazing Native American, Brown people, Black people, Asian people to help you all not tel "
"I need your vote! I'm up to speak at  Creative Week for my talk about #StarringJohnCho + The Rise of the "
"we are a black and asian lesbians. our situations is worse since we don't have any white power or american power."
" : Third World Liberation Front! This 1968 strike  included the Asian American Political Alliance. I chaired AAPA "
" : Saying this louder, for any1 complaining. Historically, I was in awe &amp; proud in 1968 seeing myself represented by "
" : Hi #TRANSMASCAISTS ! My name is Anke, I'm an illustrator, and after almost a year, I've finally made my BFA thesis proj"
"Congratulations are in order! Sunil Gulati, a South Asian American is nominated for inclusion in the National Socce "
"9 Asian and Asian-American Trendsetters Changing the Fashion Game "
" :    , A. J., Dunbar, A. S., Kiang, L., &amp; Stein, G. L. (2018). Parental influ"
"Years of Potential Life Lost Because of Cardiovascular Disease in Asian Subgroups, 2003 "
" : Top 5 girls come like this . West Indian  . Asian . South American . Arab. East/Central African"
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
" : NC State is celebrating APIDA Month with keynote speakers &amp; comedians, Fumi Abe + Mic Nguyen! Famous for their comedy podca"
"The 24th Annual Asian American Showcase! 5-17, 2019 // #CHICAGO://t.co/wTgD63vKWl your "
" has my vote if he the candidate going against Trump. His plans of action will benefit every American, "
"Is Tiger Balm the Asian-American version of this? "
" : Thanks to Rachel Liu at the  for sharing our story on: Connecting Asian American businesses with mainstrea"
" : As part of CAAM ongoing work to support emerging and established Asian American filmmakers, we are excited to announce 15 proje"
" IF 2 #ASIAN #GROUPS WITH #WHITE #AMERICAN #GROUP &amp; #HISPANICS DON'T HAVE THAT ABILITY THAN #ASIAN "
"African Americans, Hispanics, American Indians, Alaskan Natives, and some Asian Americans and Pacific islanders als "
" : A1 (2/2): Diabetes is more common in people who are African American, Hispanic, American Indian, Asian American, Native Alas"
" : younger me could not have imagined one day teaching queer asian american poets to queer asian american students. so wil"
" : #Diabetes is more common in people who are African American, Hispanic/Latino, American Indian, Asian American, or Pacif"
"        "
" THE 2 #ASIAN #GROUPS IN #MEMPHIS,THE #WHITE #AMERICAN #GROUP &amp; #HISPANICS MUST SHOW THAT THEY HAVE "
"A1 (2/2): Diabetes is more common in people who are African American, Hispanic, American Indian, Asian American, Na "
" : Your skin will have a yellowish, golden and/or peachy hue if you fall on the warm side of the undertone spectrum think Je"
"  I refuse to pander to write Asian-American stories promoted from a white prescribed l "
"For an Asian-American Family, the Cost of Education via /r/asianamerican "
" Told Truth     even during His Interview W/#JussieSmollett s "
"#Diabetes is more common in people who are African American, Hispanic/Latino, American Indian, Asian American, or P "
" : Hopefully, 's warnings about Asian American political complacency will get us to aim higher than just being a"
"Enjoying the discussion in  regarding differences between #math in Asian languages and North American lan "
"Tired of not having my identity listed on job applications so: White Black/African American Asian Ame "
" : This week Princeton Seminary hosts the 2019 Asian American Theology Conference. Register now and join us as we explore the"
" :  story of the crane as symbol of nonviolence and human love is a uniquely Japanese cultural story and we want to "
" : One of the most anti-Hindu idiots in America who is Hindu herself is . She is a big leader in South Asian-Ameri"
" : We're celebrating the launch of A Day in the Queer Life of Asian Pacific America! It's an online exhibition by "
" : Some have Asian American history, but maybe never fully embraced their heritage. She puts it in a context where people f"
"Black Tied: Sapphire ://t.co/K76cKzxPE5  #Paranormal #Romance #Asian #American #Free #Book #Kindle #review "
"Damon: Pick your meal. You`ve got Asian fusion... Mexican... What about some good old American comfort food"
"Black Tied: Sapphire ://t.co/k0YAFikJ7T  #Paranormal #Romance #Asian #American #Free #Book #Kindle #review "
" : Asian American &amp; Pacific Islander Heritage Month with  kicks off today. View the schedule of events: "
" : It also, in even the most progressive corners of this country, an acceptable variety of racism, one that dresses up its"
" : Tiffany, This is a song from my experience as as a kpop singer, an Asian American woman. There's no such thing like perfecti"
"#E1: Invisible Identity Series 3, Room 255, 5-6:30 p.m. Minorities: Asian American Students "
" : March Fong Eu, who was the first Asian American in the United States to serve in a state Legislature, will have the secretar"
" : Of the 40 million #caregivers in the U.S., 1 in 4 are millennials, and more than half of those caregivers identify as Afr"
" : Did you know that #Asian Americans are 23% more likely than the average #American to access #socialmedia on their #smartph"
"   Got the answer &gt; It resembles an Asian version of the American garter snake. xeno "
" : Japanese-American activists will bring paper cranes to show solidarity with migrant families://t.co/tTh5ulAeTS"
"Did you know that #Asian Americans are 23% more likely than the average #American to access #socialmedia on their "
" : Done!  My (for purchase at the event) piece for THE NEON LOTUS gallery show in LA opening Friday, April 9th. It a dope as"
" : Hi #TRANSMASCAISTS ! My name is Anke, I'm an illustrator, and after almost a year, I've finally made my BFA thesis proj"
"Day 20 : Favorite Asian-American artists in Arts/Entertainment field . Who are your favorites? Leave some names "
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
" : Saying this louder, for any1 complaining. Historically, I was in awe &amp; proud in 1968 seeing myself represented by "
" : Top 5 girls come like this . West Indian  . Asian . South American . Arab. East/Central African"
"FraudWatch: Preventing Medicare Scams in the Asian American and Pacific ... "
"Lol I don have prejudice served military 17 years I have friends Black / Mex American s / Asian so on but I sa "
" : Tiffany, This is a song from my experience as as a kpop singer, an Asian American woman. There's no such thing like perfecti"
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
" I worry that this also frequently means less space for specifically Asian-American stories to be told. "
" its ok we like the same  but to befair we average heicht for an asian american i think"
"  As an Asian-American; I don't want to be given special treatment just cuz people think I' "
" : Who will we announce next to loudly demonstrate they don't intend to take Black, Indigenous, Latinx, Asian American, Indi"
". was the first Asian American woman elected to the Maryland General Assembly. #WomensHistoryMonth://t.co/w846WDsfZj"
" : Hopefully, 's warnings about Asian American political complacency will get us to aim higher than just being a"
"Really excited to buy these and use my money to tell American Corporations that I support asian men in the media! "
"#Article13 it still be possible to spread memes over DM??  and Asian ARMYs have to provide us with "
" I was like, ...have I seen this Bond film? and then a spaceship ate an American space capsule and Bond ask "
"Who ready for something EPIC?!  Fordham Asian Cultual Exchange In kicking off Asian American and Pacific "
"9 Asian and Asian-American Trendsetters Changing the Fashion Game via /r/asianamerican "
" : Done!  My (for purchase at the event) piece for THE NEON LOTUS gallery show in LA opening Friday, April 9th. It a dope as"
"found an asian dvd of american psycho 2, i wonder how  feels bout this "
"NC State is celebrating APIDA Month with keynote speakers &amp; comedians, Fumi Abe + Mic Nguyen! Famous for their come "
"Tiffany, This is a song from my experience as as a kpop singer, an Asian American woman. There's no such thing lik "
" Racist? Girly you don't know what how talking about. You touch a white, black, asian, hispanic, or whateve "
"Japanese-American activists visiting a World War II-era incarceration camp in Texas on March 30 will join a nonviol "
"Depends if she Asian Asian or American Asian , cuz the American Asian just gonna cheat on u with a ugly ass nigga a "
" : One of the most anti-Hindu idiots in America who is Hindu herself is . She is a big leader in South Asian-Ameri"
" : I am so sick and tired of these Indian-American leaders and politicians and South Asian activists who are Indian Hind"
" : Leading the First Chinese Baptist Church in #Chinatown, Mabel Lee was a trailblazer for Asian women.   rallied Chin"
" : 4 Asian-American women who should be taught in History classes #NationalWomensHisto"
"4 Asian-American women who should be taught in History classes "
"It is 2023- Asian and American countries have adopted modern adaptations of Article 13.- Facebook is down, prot "
" steve's asian american so i still had faith sdkfsj"
"We've come a long ways: An #Asian American awakening at Harvard. #AAPI "
" I don't think they have one for queer, Asian American second generation from the Mountain States."
"  What your experience in finding work as an Asian American actress? Type casts? Playing oth "
" : . is offering grants for social issue documentary films that highlight Asian American narratives, which can provide much"
"Tryin to decide if I think   Chopsticks commercial is a lowkey white-wash or progressive. "
"  This sounds dope. I'm based in NY and have written about Asian American issues for Mic and Comple "
" Comic book movies and the persuit of movies that appeal to more than just American audiences, namely, "
" : american men continue to visit southeast asia to patronize its sex industry which exploits young southeast asian women, man"
" : Top 5 girls come like this . West Indian  . Asian . South American . Arab. East/Central African"
" : american men continue to visit southeast asia to patronize its sex industry which exploits young southeast asian women, man"
"WITNESS MARGARET SEILER posted - Solidarity. #CreativeResistance #WitnessTornillo #TargetHomestead #HomesInstead "
"Top 5 girls come like this . West Indian  . Asian . South American . Arab. East/Central African"
" :   Asian American  "
" :    South American &amp; Asian countries are a threat to our health. Diseases like this deadly"
" : Japanese-American activists fold paper cranes to show solidarity at Texas detention facility | nbcnews "
"Saying this louder, for any1 complaining. Historically, I was in awe &amp; proud in 1968 seeing myself represented by "
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
"Mental health is a big problem in the Asian American community! I hope #ThriveNYC will fund mental health programs "
" :  story of the crane as a symbol of nonviolence and human love is a uniquely Japanese cultural story and we want to bring i"
" : The decision to erase the Black woman and Asian-American woman who are integral to this project is not subtle and is also supe"
"In January, eg, 55 black youths were admitted to detention center, &amp; 20 white, 18 Hispanic, 1 Native American and 1 "
"  I Asian and in America but not necessarily Asian-American - if there a way I can help, I love to be able to help "
" : . is offering grants for social issue documentary films that highlight Asian American narratives, which can provide much"
"Join us on April 16 at 1 p.m. in the Daley Library, Room 1-470 as we celebrate Asian American Awareness Month at "
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
". is offering grants for social issue documentary films that highlight Asian American narratives, which can pr "
"Oh Dear.....oh dearie, dearie me.....if that was an Asian or White or Middle Eastern Actor pulling that move on 2 a "
"   South American &amp; Asian countries are a threat to our health. Diseases like "
"Don't miss out! The 5th annual #UTSA Asian Fanfair will be held next week, April 3rd, at the SU Paseo from 1-3 pm. "
"Who's in Portland this weekend? What panels are you up for (on)? Will miss this one: Dystopias and Utopias in Conte "
"Japanese-American activists fold paper cranes to show solidarity at Texas detention facility | nbcnews "
"  "
"Some have Asian American history, but maybe never fully embraced their heritage. She puts it in a context where pe "
" : Dystopias and Utopias in Contemporary Asian American Literature (panel with brilliant writers , "
" Nonsense. I have never been to Africa, but most Asian and Latin American toddlers I have seen speak only one language."
" : Dr. Martha Jee Wong is a Texas politician who was the first Asian American woman to be elected to the Texas House of Represe"
" : Who will we announce next to loudly demonstrate they don't intend to take Black, Indigenous, Latinx, Asian American, Indi"
"  Facts cause some of these white and Asian American men be on the same shit"
"BIZARRE! Can anyone help me figure out this guy Sujeev? It as if he oozes glee at the thought that a distinguishe "
" As an Asian-American, I sure as hell hope Connor Joe is not just being thrown out there as the token "
"  This is something I try to explain whenever I told I expect too much of people - as a "
" : March Fong Eu was the first Asian American woman ever elected to a state constitutional office. #RubyWooPilgrimage http"
" : Leading the First Chinese Baptist Church in #Chinatown, Mabel Lee was a trailblazer for Asian women.   rallied Chin"
" : Been brainstorming how to inspire the future generation of Asian-American creatives. If you are one, or know of any who would "
"Leading the First Chinese Baptist Church in #Chinatown, Mabel Lee was a trailblazer for Asian women.   rallied "
" : Conference of interest to : Advancing Health and Wellness with Cultural Humility in Asian and Asian American C"
" : Great stuff! Important to be inclusive of the #LGBTQ in Asian American and Pacific Islanders communities. Thanks "
" : PARC research by  &amp;  on association between #park characteristics &amp; #parkuse among children 5"
" story of the crane as a symbol of nonviolence and human love is a uniquely Japanese cultural story and we want "
"PARC research by  &amp;  on association between #park characteristics &amp; #parkuse among children "
" : Some great street food dishes are being cooked up by the Level 3 students at  College Multicultural Day! We"
""
"March Fong Eu was the first Asian American woman ever elected to a state constitutional office. #RubyWooPilgrimage "
"Just some quick research, black American or black&amp;Asian American population is around 12% since the last census. Wh "
"As part of CAAM ongoing work to support emerging and established Asian American filmmakers, we are excited to ann "
" :   I was in awe &amp; proud in 1968 seeing myself represented by  with the Julia doll, and now again,"
" : A Filipino American, Michelle Malkin is also a writer at the white nationalist website VDARE, founded by prominent whit"
"      It looks like you are not America.  There "
"The Griffin Band's Winds of Change Concert is tonight!  This program features music written by African American, "
" : A sarcastic but serious exploration of Asian-American stereotypes. "
" : Hopefully, 's warnings about Asian American political complacency will get us to aim higher than just being a"
"Kid's College slots are filling up! From Culinary to Construction, we have several offerings to fit your child's in "
" : It also, in even the most progressive corners of this country, an acceptable variety of racism, one that dresses up its"
"Of the 40 million #caregivers in the U.S., 1 in 4 are millennials, and more than half of those caregivers identify "
"   , A. J., Dunbar, A. S., Kiang, L., &amp; Stein, G. L. (2018). Paren "
" : I think  or  being straightforward is an Asian traits. We are too afraid that our words will hurt others. T"
" I recommend double chin, asian-American fusion comfort food "
"  VENGER, your media is currently debating whether being racist to white people onlin "
"I think  or  being straightforward is an Asian traits. We are too afraid that our words will hur "
" : Combatting stereotype and telling new, authentic stories about the Asian American (and Asian Canadian) experience #ReimagineAsian"
"  I was in awe &amp; proud in 1968 seeing myself represented by  with the Julia doll, and now a "
" : It's about time.   Fong Eu, the 1st Asian American in the U.S. to serve in a state Legislature, will have the secreta"
" : Which 2020 candidates will announce next? Which 2020 candidates will make it clear to the American people that Latinx, "
" : I was on a set where the Asian American cast got together to ask the showrunner to remove an unnecessary racial slur from t"
"This is my privilege: While I spent the entirety of my primary education in free public schools, my parents had in "
" : Japanese-American activists will bring paper cranes to show solidarity with migrant families://t.co/tTh5ulAeTS"
" :  story of the crane as symbol of nonviolence and human love is a uniquely Japanese cultural story and we want to "
"The Amigos Latinx Gala, sponsored by the Office of Latinx, Asian and Native American Affairs, moved to Oct 12 durin "
"  I like for everyone to burn their American flag, every white, Hispanic, black, Asian, mix "
" : Great list, but there's more. Sherry Hirota  , Peggy Saika formerly , Luisa Blue , "
"Which 2020 candidates will announce next? Which 2020 candidates will make it clear to the American people that Lati "
" : This Women History Month, we recognizing trailblazing Asian American women who are leading and influencing social justice"
" :  story of the crane as symbol of nonviolence and human love is a uniquely Japanese cultural story and we want to "
"The students of IS 187 Middle School in Dyker Heights, Brooklyn are predominately Asian-American and low-income. Bu "
" : Who will we announce next to loudly demonstrate they don't intend to take Black, Indigenous, Latinx, Asian American, Indi"
" : Enjoyed spending the afternoon holding a town hall with a group of incredible leaders from Las Vegas' Asian American and P"
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
"Some great street food dishes are being cooked up by the Level 3 students at  College Multicultura "
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
" see Americans of every party, every background, every faith who believe that we are stronger together: black, wh "
" You think American customers would stand for that while Apple has to provide this for their Asian, Eu "
" : Combatting stereotype and telling new, authentic stories about the Asian American (and Asian Canadian) experience #ReimagineAsian"
"I introduce the #fullbreakfast made in the #american style! #asian marinated #ribeye, a #friedegg, #bacon, "
"Thanks to Rachel Liu at the  for sharing our story on: Connecting Asian American businesses with "
" : #31inspiringaapiwomen: Kimberly Yee currently serves as the Arizona State Treasurer, elected in Nov. 2018. Yee served consecuti"
" : Your skin will have a yellowish, golden and/or peachy hue if you fall on the warm side of the undertone spectrum think Je"
"Dr. Martha Jee Wong is a Texas politician who was the first Asian American woman to be elected to the Texas House o "
"Sincerest thanks to Brad Falchuck, Tim Minear , and Ryan Murphy for making  Lee family fu "
"#31inspiringaapiwomen: Kimberly Yee currently serves as the Arizona State Treasurer, elected in Nov. 2018. Yee serv "
" : Hopefully, 's warnings about Asian American political complacency will get us to aim higher than just being a"
"finished Killing Eve last Friday and now watching The Possession of Hannah Grace, rounding out my Asian American Viewing Duties of 2018"
"Who will we announce next to loudly demonstrate they don't intend to take Black, Indigenous, Latinx, Asian American "
"Japanese-American activists will bring paper cranes to show solidarity with migrant families "
"Now I know why many North American caucasian women choose to stay in Japan, an Asian country with a very different "
"Vu que c'est super  la mode, je vais  un The untold story of [random minority] in [random subject].  s "
"Democrat candidate Tulsi Gabbard meets with Asian American community in ... "
" : Another terrific post about the impact of the Bandung conference of 1955 from the Afro-Asian Visions blog. This one shows t"
"Hopefully, 's warnings about Asian American political complacency will get us to aim higher than just be "
" : This training will serve as an introduction to human trafficking, sexual assault, and mental health in Asian Pacific Islande"
" : We are a movement of diverse citizen activists. Activists who are African-American, Asian-American and Hispanic American. Vetera"
" I think most POC writers struggle with this, but if they don't want to or can't connect with Africa "
" : Presenting you an artist who's won Bilboard, american, MTV vm, teen choice awards(2), iheartradio, MTV Europe award,,, li"
"Presenting you an artist who's won Bilboard, american, MTV vm, teen choice awards(2), iheartradio, MTV Europe award "
"Being an Asian (geographic Asia, not what the USA thinks of Asia), I always thought of importance of Asian studies "
"African Americans, Mexican Americans, American Indians, Native Hawaiians, Pacific Islanders, and Asian Americans ar "
"I mean woudn't using a VPN with an American/Asian/African server while uploading content bypass this law? if E "
" : Affirmative action has been an extremely hot topic in the community. This Asian American Brooklyn Tech alum shares why Asian A"
"    Indeed. We just found about skin lightening alleles in Native "
"Since 'By Light of Lanterns,' Low-Sabado has worked to create the annual 'Walk of Remembrance' in Pacific Grove ho "
" : Let us take a moment to reflect on the fact that so far we have many women, African Americans, an Asian American, a Latino"
"Nihonjiron the study of the #Japanese ... every traveler to #Japan ought to consider books (novels and nonfiction "
" I'm sorry but a African American person never held me against my will,never went to other countries a "
" : Asian American &amp; Pacific Islander Heritage Month with  kicks off today. View the schedule of events: "
"Nihonjiron the study of the #Japanese ... every traveler to #Japan ought to consider books (novels and nonfiction "
" : It also, in even the most progressive corners of this country, an acceptable variety of racism, one that dresses up its"
" : I am so sick and tired of these Indian-American leaders and politicians and South Asian activists who are Indian Hind"
" :  In 2005, a Norton editor told me my nonfiction book proposal on living in Scandinavia was great, but that she"
"Asian American &amp; Pacific Islander Heritage Month with  kicks off today. View the schedule of events: "
"      Latino(a) is a cultural refere "
"As Women History Month comes to an end, we at the National Museum of the American People want to highlight Kamala "
"And don't get me wrong, as a third-gen Asian American I am definitely more Western in my outlook. But part of becom "
"High School  Production Wins Internet "
"Asian American women-owned firms across the U.S. have estimated total revenue of $105 billion. The total revenue of "
"Another terrific post about the impact of the Bandung conference of 1955 from the Afro-Asian Visions blog. This one "
" story of the crane as symbol of nonviolence and human love is a uniquely Japanese cultural story and we want t "
" : Question the frameworks you unconsciously accepted. We judge African, Asian, and Native American institutions and civil"
"This training will serve as an introduction to human trafficking, sexual assault, and mental health in Asian Pacifi "
" : We spent the past year reporting, gathering community input, and producing a show that takes on what it means to be American"
" : We spent the past year reporting, gathering community input, and producing a show that takes on what it means to be American"
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
"for the first time in a long long time, i have stretched my Sociology Degree Asian American Studies Certificate "
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
" : Thank you  for expressing this so well. We have a way to go but let's build our voice.  "
" : I am so sick and tired of these Indian-American leaders and politicians and South Asian activists who are Indian Hind"
" : Affirmative action has been an extremely hot topic in the community. This Asian American Brooklyn Tech alum shares why Asian A"
"Patsy Takemoto Mink made history when she was elected to the United States House of Representatives, becoming the f "
"Affordable Care Act as an Asian American surgeon - good. It can't be that I was quota'd in high school, college, "
"Everything like I'm her maid but dosent she dosent give money, luckily she's taking a bath now I'm sure she gonna s "
"150 DAYS TO GO TO PARAPAN AMERICAN GAMES OPENING CEREMONY: #Lima2019 is coming! !   "
" : Hi #TRANSMASCAISTS ! My name is Anke, I'm an illustrator, and after almost a year, I've finally made my BFA thesis proj"
" : The Slants: Asian-American band who took the fight for their name to the US Supreme Court | South China Morning Post https:"
""
"How Newbery Honor Winner Grace Lin Tapped Into Chinese Fairy Tales ...the hypen in Asian- American isn't a minus s "
"asian tour? listed! after my short american tour "
"Japanese-American activists will bring paper cranes to show solidarity with migrant families "
"Despite some predominantly Chinese American groups favoring the lawsuit against affirmative action at Harvard, poll "
"     Isn she rather a POC?  She has more Asian than Af "
"For an Asian-American Family, the Cost of Education "
"For an Asian-American Family, the Cost of Education | "
"We are delighted to be sponsoring the AAHOA event again, come and meet the team in San Diego this April "
" : Enjoyed spending the afternoon holding a town hall with a group of incredible leaders from Las Vegas' Asian American and P"
" : Seema Nanda, the 1st Asian as well as the 1st Indian American to become the Democratic National Committee://t.co/kCO"
"For an Asian-American Family, the Cost of Education "
" As an Asian American, I could relate to many of your points. Poverty mindset, immigrant parents, focus "
" : Today, we look back on this poignant interview with Broadway performers Phillipa Soo and Lea Salonga, as they reflect"
"The Slants: Asian-American band who took the fight for their name to the US Supreme Court | South China Morning Post "
" :  White nationalism is how white people show Patriotism. And same goes for Asian nationalism, Black nationalism, and"
"Scott Walker Songs of Sugar and Poison Walker career disproves F. Scott Fitzgerald line that there are "
" : "
" : One of the most anti-Hindu idiots in America who is Hindu herself is . She is a big leader in South Asian-Ameri"
" : american men continue to visit southeast asia to patronize its sex industry which exploits young southeast asian women, man"
" : It also, in even the most progressive corners of this country, an acceptable variety of racism, one that dresses up its"
"  Cancers are the best  specifically Asian American cancers "
" Actually at least in x'tianity good works do not matter either. BTW there r no western religions left any "
""
"Before Andrew Yang, He Was the First Asian American Man to Run for U.S. President "
"    But seriously my phone is about to die  and I don't want to wast "
"  Because there are more South Asian English speakers than British or American."
"I find Sierra a super cute  Asian-American comedian. has both Chinese and Japanese background in her bloodlin "
" : Asian-American superstar Angela Lee was destined for greatness in mixed martial arts.  in to TNT at 11:45pm ET &amp;"
""
"Chinese,European,American,Asian beauties are waiting for you"
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
"Chinese,European,American,Asian beauties are waiting for you"
" : So an Asian American mom in Oakland Toy suing Felicity Huffman/Lori Loughlin for $500 BILLION because her 4.2"
"  Seems like so many american actually stupid.  I am Asian lmfao right here."
"For an Asian-American Family, the Cost of Education - The New York Times "
"The Smithsonian Asian Pacific American Center Learning Together program announced in an emailed statement last w "
" other than g0y0 and henlu? HHAHA uhhhh i find isn't it romantic to be a hilarious light romcom mockin "
"~~~As the European +Asian +American countries passed through current politics of Ethiopia,we will reach some commo "
" : Japanese-American activists will bring paper cranes to show solidarity with migrant families://t.co/tTh5ulAeTS"
" : Christine Yano, author of STRAIGHT A'S: ASIAN AMERICAN COLLEGE STUDENTS IN THEIR OWN WORDS (), reflects on the e"
" : It also, in even the most progressive corners of this country, an acceptable variety of racism, one that dresses up its"
"Christine Yano, author of STRAIGHT A'S: ASIAN AMERICAN COLLEGE STUDENTS IN THEIR OWN WORDS (), reflects o "
" : I am so sick and tired of these Indian-American leaders and politicians and South Asian activists who are Indian Hind"
" : One of the most anti-Hindu idiots in America who is Hindu herself is . She is a big leader in South Asian-Ameri"
" : Done!  My (for purchase at the event) piece for THE NEON LOTUS gallery show in LA opening Friday, April 9th. It a dope as"
"  I not sure if you on subtle Asian traits - but there was a massive online argum "
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
"2) You can't really talk about The Matrix and not bring up that it stars a mixed race Asian-American actor as the M "
"For an Asian-American Family, the Cost of Education by JINGJING XIAO via NYT "
"For an Asian-American Family, the Cost of Education by JINGJING XIAO via NYT "
"For an Asian-American Family, the Cost of Education by JINGJING XIAO via NYT "
"For an Asian-American Family, the Cost of Education "
"Get Forskolin for just $4.99 "
"For an Asian-American Family, the Cost of Education://t.co/ptONazd6z6+1 YogaBot #Wellness"
"For an Asian-American Family, the Cost of Education "
"For an Asian-American Family, the Cost of Education by JINGJING XIAO via NYT "
"For an Asian-American Family, the Cost of Education "
"For an Asian-American Family, the Cost of Education "
"For an Asian-American Family, the Cost of Education by JINGJING XIAO via NYT "
"For an Asian-American Family, the Cost of Education "
"For an Asian-American Family, the Cost of Education by JINGJING XIAO via NYT "
"For an Asian-American Family, the Cost of Education by JINGJING XIAO via NYT "
"For an Asian-American Family, the Cost of Education "
"For an Asian-American Family, the Cost of Education by JINGJING XIAO via NYT "
"For an Asian-American Family, the Cost of Education by JINGJING XIAO via NYT "
"For an Asian-American Family, the Cost of Education "
"For an Asian-American Family, the Cost of Education by JINGJING XIAO via NYT "
"Asian American diversity "
"Standard anti-Sanders nonsense.  look at your own pics there are Latino, Asian and Black Americans. Africa "
" I been aware of their xenophobia towards Chinese and Korean skaters but never had a slight idea that "
"  only in Africa are we too African, in Europe nada too European , in Asia niks too Asian , "
" :  you #SarinyaSriskaul for making history will #inspire countless little girls of all ethnic backgrounds out"
" :  is a deep sense of outrage that mass incarcerations are happening again in the United States and we intend to be the al"
"9 Asian and Asian-American Trendsetters Changing the Fashion Game "
" It seems like political suicide, but not when you know the bigger agenda.  The Trilateral Commission, "
"Seema Nanda, the 1st Asian as well as the 1st Indian American to become the Democratic National Committee "
" 1.Liberia.Ethiopia .ivory coast.Madagascar.Chad  u know its harder for a sub Saharan African "
" : Did you know, before  there was Senator Hiram Fong.#AsianAmericanHistory ://t.co/NDRNFLBjO2"
" : As a non-Black Asian-American and/or non-Black person, you are still capable of appropriation because you exist within a"
" : younger me could not have imagined one day teaching queer asian american poets to queer asian american students. so wil"
" : CMS Hong Kong is proud to have been recognised as the 'New Asian Office of the Year at the Asia Legal Awards 2019, hosted by"
"This is my semi-annual reminder to the admirable people of Spain that I am an Asian-American writer and not in fact "
"if you 1st/2nd generation Asian American and your default favorite movie isn Crazy Rich Asians then you doing it wrong"
" : "
" : "
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
" : When WE Follow GOD MASTER FARD MUHAMMAD HE changes US into a New PEOPLE typically looking like the stereotypical East A"
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
" :  Just think of this, an American toy company is making Asian dolls representing Korea and Kpop because of"
" Just think of this, an American toy company is making Asian dolls representing Korea and Kpop because of BTS's impact."
" : Many diasporic Asians in the US (more commonly known as Asian-'Americans') grow up feeling ashamed of their Asian roo"
"6 Badass and Empowering Asian American Females You Need to Jam to Right Now "
" : CMS Hong Kong is proud to have been recognised as the 'New Asian Office of the Year at the Asia Legal Awards 2019, hosted by"
" :  you #SarinyaSriskaul for making history will #inspire countless little girls of all ethnic backgrounds out"
"Did you know, before  there was Senator Hiram Fong.#AsianAmericanHistory ://t.co/NDRNFLBjO2"
"9 Asian and Asian-American Trendsetters Changing the Fashion Game://t.co/S7bOr0TZjw#Fashion #Urban"
"NBCNEWS reports  is a deep sense of outrage that mass incarcerations are happening again in the United States "
"These Asian-American Women Should Be in Every History Book "
" : Hi #TRANSMASCAISTS ! My name is Anke, I'm an illustrator, and after almost a year, I've finally made my BFA thesis proj"
" White nationalism is how white people show Patriotism. And same goes for Asian nationalism, Black national "
"  gi c #AffiZon #vietnam #Paranormal "
" : It also, in even the most progressive corners of this country, an acceptable variety of racism, one that dresses up its"
" : I am so sick and tired of these Indian-American leaders and politicians and South Asian activists who are Indian Hind"
""
" I dont think that even in any of the so called under developed Afro-Asian or Latin American countri "
" It isn that obvious Andy, I have been subjected to it in the past. Especially when I had a girlfriend "
" : Japanese-American activists will bring paper cranes to show solidarity with migrant families://t.co/tTh5ulAeTS"
" to run an agency/label for asian-american youth in the performing arts. i been a dancer for years, a "
" : (Honestly I can't understand why ppl dislike Kitana being Asian. You expect someone come from a fictional land that ta"
" : Been brainstorming how to inspire the future generation of Asian-American creatives. If you are one, or know of any who would "
"(Honestly I can't understand why ppl dislike Kitana being Asian. You expect someone come from a fictional land that "
" :  is a deep sense of outrage that mass incarcerations are happening again in the United States and we intend to be the al"
"Asian American Podcasts? via /r/asianamerican "
"  Spanish and Portuguese bc they are even more spoken in areas they already have a high "
" : I guess asian fashion with engrish written all over must be the equivalant of north american fashion with random japane"
" From Black to Halle Berry to Native American/Southeast Asian. "
"Your 23andNotReallyMe Results:  Sardinian: 42.9% Broadly East Asian: 1.6% Native American: 40.0% West African: "
" : younger me could not have imagined one day teaching queer asian american poets to queer asian american students. so wil"
" redlipstickresurrected: Yaoyao Ma Van As aka Yao Yao (Asian-American, b. 1982, USA, based Los... "
" : Japanese-American activists fold paper cranes to show solidarity at Texas detention facility || via: nbcnews "
" : Enjoyed spending the afternoon holding a town hall with a group of incredible leaders from Las Vegas' Asian American and P"
" : We're celebrating the launch of A Day in the Queer Life of Asian Pacific America! It's an online exhibition by "
"I got my 23&amp;me results back and they really surprising. 8% African  my mom is white af... full blown 50% Europe "
" : american men continue to visit southeast asia to patronize its sex industry which exploits young southeast asian women, man"
"Japanese-American activists fold paper cranes to show solidarity at Texas detention facility || via: nbcnews "
" : I'm quite excited about this. Will be making my contribution very soon. 's bring more Asian American stories at the fo"
" : - FEC describes how John Huang, a DNC Finance Chair In 1996,  a goal of raising $7M from the Asian-American communit"
""
"Been brainstorming how to inspire the future generation of Asian-American creatives. If you are one, or know of any "
" : Enjoyed spending the afternoon holding a town hall with a group of incredible leaders from Las Vegas' Asian American and P"
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
" : I am so sick and tired of these Indian-American leaders and politicians and South Asian activists who are Indian Hind"
"There is a deep sense of outrage that mass incarcerations are happening again in the United States...with this the "
" : LA...CASTING CALL FOR ASIAN BACKGROUND TALENT! Student Film Under the Flag by Jiawei Cheng, Produced by Fernando Bara"
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
" :  is a deep sense of outrage that mass incarcerations are happening again in the United States and we intend to be the al"
"LA...CASTING CALL FOR ASIAN BACKGROUND TALENT! Student Film Under the Flag by Jiawei Cheng, Produced by Fer "
" is a deep sense of outrage that mass incarcerations are happening again in the United States and we intend t "
" : One of the most anti-Hindu idiots in America who is Hindu herself is . She is a big leader in South Asian-Ameri"
" : Done!  My (for purchase at the event) piece for THE NEON LOTUS gallery show in LA opening Friday, April 9th. It a dope as"
"My daughter asked me to read the Aztec legend of Quetzalcoatl and the rabbit in the moon tonight (no, she doesn't k "
"Black Tied: Sapphire ://t.co/a7tTajPTtB #Paranormal #Romance #Asian #American #Free #Book #Kindle #review "
" : younger me could not have imagined one day teaching queer asian american poets to queer asian american students. so wil"
" : I guess asian fashion with engrish written all over must be the equivalant of north american fashion with random japane"
" : Unrelated to anything, should I write a piece asking the rest of this country to please stop calling Asian American women adora"
" : - FEC describes how John Huang, a DNC Finance Chair In 1996,  a goal of raising $7M from the Asian-American communit"
"I'm quite excited about this. Will be making my contribution very soon. 's bring more Asian American stories a "
" : Explore Asian American History in this 6-week course. You will closely review ways that gender, class, and sexuality interse"
" : As  Chair, I'm pleased to join in the dedication of the March Fong Eu California Secretary of State buildi"
" : Hi #TRANSMASCAISTS ! My name is Anke, I'm an illustrator, and after almost a year, I've finally made my BFA thesis proj"
" : Third World Liberation Front! This 1968 strike  included the Asian American Political Alliance. I chaired AAPA "
" : Many diasporic Asians in the US (more commonly known as Asian-'Americans') grow up feeling ashamed of their Asian roo"
"#Casting #Background CALL FOR ASIAN BACKGROUND TALENT! Student Film Under the Flag by Jiawei Cheng "
"'s essay on being a misfit in Goodbye to All That: Writers on Loving and Leaving New York speaks "
" : It also, in even the most progressive corners of this country, an acceptable variety of racism, one that dresses up its"
"Chinese,European,American,Asian beauties are waiting for you"
" : Patsy Mink was the first nonwhite and first Asian-American woman elected to Congress. She coauthored Title IX based on her own ex"
"Aight ya goofies, for the two thousandth time: I do not speak Japanese I have never been to Japan hav "
"Beauty Haul favorites from Blushcon at the Asian American Expo #Blushcon "
" : We're celebrating the launch of A Day in the Queer Life of Asian Pacific America! It's an online exhibition by "
"     And I am left to wonder? Is your anger rooted in an Asian Amer "
"One of jodi deans major ideas is that communism is not exclusively synonymous with the USSR and that African, Asian "
"I'm always amazed at how passionate Asian-American liberals are towards the oppression they faced in the classroom "
"Also understand that prior to the admittance of Reynolds in '62, a professor at WFU recalled that he remembered see "
"Why So Many Asian-American Women Are Bleaching Their Hair Blond "
" : One of the most anti-Hindu idiots in America who is Hindu herself is . She is a big leader in South Asian-Ameri"
" : Your skin will have a yellowish, golden and/or peachy hue if you fall on the warm side of the undertone spectrum think Je"
" : Our CA API Leg. Caucus was honored to attend the Secretary of State Building dedication for the Honorable March Fong Eu-"
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
" : Let us take a moment to reflect on the fact that so far we have many women, African Americans, an Asian American, a Latino"
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
" : I've lost count of the number of times Asian American women, including me, have been called adorable in professional settings."
" : younger me could not have imagined one day teaching queer asian american poets to queer asian american students. so wil"
" : Unrelated to anything, should I write a piece asking the rest of this country to please stop calling Asian American women adora"
" : I do everything could to stop my Asian American daughter from marrying a man who said anything like that. "
" :          Thanks Michi! "
" : Enjoyed spending the afternoon holding a town hall with a group of incredible leaders from Las Vegas' Asian American and P"
"chinese student getting bred by american #Asian, amateur, american, asian, chinese, college "
" : Embrace reform of #SHSAT for admission to the , say nine Asian American alumni. Took a while but our op-ed is finally"
"Nico Santos, who portrayed Oliver in Crazy Rich Asians, is a Filipino-American comic and actor who just amazing! "
"  The thing is no one knows about Asian American history. We had it easier but we went t "
"Great stuff! Important to be inclusive of the #LGBTQ in Asian American and Pacific Islanders communities. Thanks "
" : CC I have a running joke with close Asian-American writer friends that if we have never been called by each other"
" : Many diasporic Asians in the US (more commonly known as Asian-'Americans') grow up feeling ashamed of their Asian roo"
" : I guess asian fashion with engrish written all over must be the equivalant of north american fashion with random japane"
" : It's about time.   Fong Eu, the 1st Asian American in the U.S. to serve in a state Legislature, will have the secreta"
"   The white nationalist support of a first generation Asian American for POTUS "
" You be okay! I an asian and I got here and as a sophomore in high school. Took ACT/SAT just like oth "
"Japanese-American activists fold paper cranes to show solidarity at Texas detention facility "
"From  to , Asian models, designers and stylists are increasingly driving the fashion world "
"10. At one point, Shangela called out Manila for a racist performance where she was stereotypically Asian (but not "
"Those drivers I have witnessed are :% are 24-30 years old% are 30-45 years old% are 46+ years old dri "
" : We're celebrating the launch of A Day in the Queer Life of Asian Pacific America! It's an online exhibition by "
"I recall when Crazy Rich Asian, a film being reckon as a landmark by American Asians, was released, there are quite "
"I guess asian fashion with engrish written all over must be the equivalant of north american fashion with random ja "
"American teenagers trying to force asian culture (japanese, korean) into america are fucking weird man. Im sure it "
" : Check out 's state specific fact sheets to keep your local communities informed abt the importance of the #2"
"  Oh my god... -style and  style idk YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN THEY ARE TOTA "
"Nah this is just the difference between race and ethnicity. Your race is white, the ethnicity is Italian, and the n "
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
"Stranger tries to decipher what kind of Asian I am.: speaks American English: you Filipino "
"Just watched and loved   special! As an Asian american nerd doctor my fave was the Admiral Ackba "
"Japanese-American activists fold paper cranes to show solidarity at Texas detention facility "
" : It also, in even the most progressive corners of this country, an acceptable variety of racism, one that dresses up its"
"Hi friendly people: Lil' Bratz - Cloe, Jade, Sasha and Yasmin original Bratz clique included a Cau "
" : In case you haven't noticed , you are a very good example of what a failed education system has produced. pe"
" : I could really get used to hearing  American and  budget in the same sentence "
" Definitely shows up in Native American stories, though most of those were recorded by white guys.  "
" : Join us this Wednesday as the APIA Professional Network introduces Speak On It! a speakers series in honor of Women's"
" : Enjoyed spending the afternoon holding a town hall with a group of incredible leaders from Las Vegas' Asian American and P"
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
""
"  Instead of looking at a race culture why not just be an American culture dividi "
"I an Asian American graduate of Brooklyn Tech. Please don use me as a wedge in your education lawsuit. "
"A1: I think my love of the Western Hero texts is based in my own whiteness &amp;beliefs. I want to find those connectio "
" :          Thanks Michi! "
" : One of the most anti-Hindu idiots in America who is Hindu herself is . She is a big leader in South Asian-Ameri"
" : The Unbound Feet Collective established in 1981 was a queer, feminist Asian-American literary and performance collective th"
" : As a non-Black Asian-American and/or non-Black person, you are still capable of appropriation because you exist within a"
"   You using model citizenry in an argument, so your racism just peek "
" : Many diasporic Asians in the US (more commonly known as Asian-'Americans') grow up feeling ashamed of their Asian roo"
"  For every dollar an Asian-American household makes, a white household makes 76 cents. So shouldn't i "
" Yup they could have found other ways for growth instead of racism and killing off the other Asian American fire fighter."
"had a great time talking with 's  Asian/Pacific Islander American Women class at the University of Mich "
" : I am so sick and tired of these Indian-American leaders and politicians and South Asian activists who are Indian Hind"
" :  These are the students you have representing your school. As an Asian American I deeply hurt by the amoun"
" : Combatting stereotype and telling new, authentic stories about the Asian American (and Asian Canadian) experience #ReimagineAsian"
"shy asian kids from thousands of miles across the Pacific Ocean strutting around American college campuses repping "
"We be retweeting a few said stories shortly. We remain excited to join the rising tide of Asian American voices "
"UPDATE: We want to take a moment to acknowledge a big oversight in posting this quote. The words and tone, understa "
"this is important to point out because some people say dumb things. like, saying the song is produced by a POC is b "
" : "
"according to american/european culture, they are POC and are seen as Americans and Europeans as POCs. however, they "
" : Don miss this piece by  on not using Asian Americans as a wedge for systemic racism. Well done, . #E"
" : Calling all Asian American poets! Check the link below for info on this upcoming anthology. Submissions are due by Marc"
" : Today, we look back on this poignant interview with Broadway performers Phillipa Soo and Lea Salonga, as they reflect"
" : One of the most anti-Hindu idiots in America who is Hindu herself is . She is a big leader in South Asian-Ameri"
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
"Pacific Islanders and #Asian American students rank 1 and 2 in Iowa for highest rate of incarceration. What's behin "
" : Many diasporic Asians in the US (more commonly known as Asian-'Americans') grow up feeling ashamed of their Asian roo"
"  What? A media bias against an African/Asian/American woman running for president! Why, "
" : I am so sick and tired of these Indian-American leaders and politicians and South Asian activists who are Indian Hind"
" The propaganda isn needed for them. They already lost. wander into some Asian (American) mal "
" : younger me could not have imagined one day teaching queer asian american poets to queer asian american students. so wil"
"in the moment i was very awkward and nervous but im glad i went!! thanks  and  for show "
" : Hi #TRANSMASCAISTS ! My name is Anke, I'm an illustrator, and after almost a year, I've finally made my BFA thesis proj"
" : "
" Jade is black period, But she is not african american lol.   More like an indian black person.  Ki "
" : The multi-talented  to guest appear at the opening night of The 24th Annual Asian American Showcase in Chicago! Buy y"
"#fisk_rys19 The chart show that while both African American and Caucasian players are experiencing a significant de "
"         Thanks Michi "
"rip naw prod and the almost non existent asian south american and oceania pros "
" : Why Asian-American rock band The Slants fought for their name #ltxstn"
" : Japanese-American activists will bring paper cranes to show solidarity with migrant families://t.co/tTh5ulAeTS"
"Hold up. So his best friend who Asian American, &amp; his fire house partner just died. So you mean to tell me that "
" That's really nice! I understand Japanese treat American really well too~ but not so nice towards their Asian siblings "
" : "
" I 56% native American, 13% Europeans, like 5% Asian &amp; less than 1% African."
" Speaking as a resident car nerd -  it's Asian, anything around (or preferably below) 100k is a great "
" : Enjoyed spending the afternoon holding a town hall with a group of incredible leaders from Las Vegas' Asian American and P"
" I've been asked if I'm Asian by this dude which I'm not because I'm native American and a proud one at "
"Japanese-American activists fold paper cranes to show solidarity at Texas detention facility #NeverAgainCPC END R "
" : Don miss this piece by  on not using Asian Americans as a wedge for systemic racism. Well done, . #E"
"      A Brazilian account sharing what looks like p "
"I do everything could to stop my Asian American daughter from marrying a man who said anything like that. "
" : We're celebrating the launch of A Day in the Queer Life of Asian Pacific America! It's an online exhibition by "
"Craving for more Asian representation? Diana Son, a writer-producer, is rumoured to be developing an HBO drama pilo "
"Honor to MC Taste of Ginger fundraiser for Joslin Diabetes Center Asian American Diabetes Initiative at the Museum "
" Rep. Cortez IQ is below the average Asian&amp; White American."
" : Lee Talbot, an American who has been intrigued by Asian textiles through his life, has followed his passion into a remote p"
" : If you've taken a black studies, raza/latinx/chicanx studies, asian-american, native-american studies, gender studies cour"
" : Let us take a moment to reflect on the fact that so far we have many women, African Americans, an Asian American, a Latino"
" : plz why r white ppl sp afraid to call black ppl black my teacher was talking abt diversity in our college n he was like "
" : Patsy Mink was the first nonwhite and first Asian-American woman elected to Congress. She coauthored Title IX based on her own ex"
" me, this anthology means claiming a stake in my Asian community. Regardless of the complexities of my mixed i "
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
" : CC I have a running joke with close Asian-American writer friends that if we have never been called by each other"
" : Japanese-American activists fold paper cranes to show solidarity at Texas detention facility || via nbcnews "
" Any white American who calls a black (or Asian, Arab, etc.) American , is not only a racis "
" : We are excited to be printing 10,000 Asian Pacific American Heritage Month calendar booklets and distributing them all"
" I get the same. People think I am Mexican, Asian or Native American. My mother had a firm grounding Chican "
"Japanese-American activists fold paper cranes to show solidarity at Texas detention facility "
"Don miss this piece by  on not using Asian Americans as a wedge for systemic racism. Well done, "
" : It also, in even the most progressive corners of this country, an acceptable variety of racism, one that dresses up its"
" : As a non-Black Asian-American and/or non-Black person, you are still capable of appropriation because you exist within a"
" Yes! I could never pass. When I'm not seen as Mexican I get Asian (Filipino or Japanese) and Nativ "
" : Affirmative action has been an extremely hot topic in the community. This Asian American Brooklyn Tech alum shares why Asian A"
" :  because they have an Asian, Latino or African-American face on the poster, when you get to the counter, the prod"
" : Check out 's state specific fact sheets to keep your local communities informed abt the importance of the #2"
" : We're celebrating the launch of A Day in the Queer Life of Asian Pacific America! It's an online exhibition by "
"Japanese-American activists fold paper cranes to show solidarity at Texas detention facility || via nbcnews "
" : The College of Letters and Science provides a wealth of experiences in Chicana/o, African American and African, Asian America"
" : If you don know the Asian American history and you haven read the Asian-American literature, it like this feeling th"
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
""
" : More about Asian-American magic! Part 2 of the interview with  Full video: "
" : Enjoyed spending the afternoon holding a town hall with a group of incredible leaders from Las Vegas' Asian American and P"
"Enough. They lie. They obfuscate. They seek to induce history. Invite only supportive American, European and Asian "
" : younger me could not have imagined one day teaching queer asian american poets to queer asian american students. so wil"
" : Great list, but there's more. Sherry Hirota  , Peggy Saika formerly , Luisa Blue , "
"I'm thinking about my younger self and what these images might mean to someone who feels that they have been depri "
"The College of Letters and Science provides a wealth of experiences in Chicana/o, African American and African, Asi "
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
" In the context of dating, have heard lots of older generation Asian American women say things like,  o "
"Got this today at an Asian/American market. How do I cook these rice noodles? Any ideas, tips or recipes? "
"Going to Burger kind, I'll finally be able to eat something AMERICAN been eating too much Mexican and Asian food"
" : Our CA API Leg. Caucus was honored to attend the Secretary of State Building dedication for the Honorable March Fong Eu-"
"Went to an Asian/American Food Market to pickup some rice noodles. Can want to try them out! Any tips or recipes "
"I just saw the sexiest asian american man he like tan and looks like a hollister model and then there his 3 for a wife :/"
" : It also, in even the most progressive corners of this country, an acceptable variety of racism, one that dresses up its"
" : One of the most anti-Hindu idiots in America who is Hindu herself is . She is a big leader in South Asian-Ameri"
"Sheila Hicks, the pioneering face of contemporary fiber arts, is an American artist that studied the domestic pract "
" : Olly and Sam: Sapphic couple(Jordan) part Asian and Maia: black leads :American/Lebanese/Mexican out of 8"
" It been a big quality of life increase wrt my cooking abilities. Need to get much better at Indi "
"native american women middle eastern women, asian women "
"More about Asian-American magic! Part 2 of the interview with  Full video: "
" But there one Asian American guy on pike..Rodan"
" : Born in the Valley to Chinese immigrant parents who ran a laundry, Eu was elected Secretary of State of California five"
" : Steve Aoki shares all Asian-American cast video for BTS collaboration  It On Me "
" : As a non-Black Asian-American and/or non-Black person, you are still capable of appropriation because you exist within a"
"We are excited to be printing 10,000 Asian Pacific American Heritage Month calendar booklets and distributing them "
"Japanese-American activists will bring paper cranes to show solidarity with migrant families "
" : Hi #TRANSMASCAISTS ! My name is Anke, I'm an illustrator, and after almost a year, I've finally made my BFA thesis proj"
" : Why Asian-American rock band The Slants fought for their name #ltxstn"
"We are for free market capitalism Asian Enterprise &amp; Native American Entrepreneurs March 25, 2019 "
"If you don know the Asian American history and you haven read the Asian-American literature, it like this fe "
" :  eric qian has such disgusting amounts of Asian American energy im"
"Life for American Indians was forever changed when the White Man introduced them to ______.         Only dating Asian women."
"Join us this Wednesday as the APIA Professional Network introduces Speak On It! a speakers series in honor of Wom "
"Affirmative action has been an extremely hot topic in the community. This Asian American Brooklyn Tech alum shares "
"Japanese-American activists fold paper cranes to show solidarity at Texas detention facility "
" :  Then you have the whole thing about racial caste and how it interacts and constricts populations differentl"
"    I'm not convinced he's even African American.  He could be "
" I just caught it on youtube, thought it was some webisode thing, but it is seriously polished and conti "
" : As a non-Black Asian-American and/or non-Black person, you are still capable of appropriation because you exist within a"
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
" : Many diasporic Asians in the US (more commonly known as Asian-'Americans') grow up feeling ashamed of their Asian roo"
" A few years ago, the Asian Art Museum in San Francisco held an exhibit on the censorship and violence "
" : Today, we look back on this poignant interview with Broadway performers Phillipa Soo and Lea Salonga, as they reflect"
" : younger me could not have imagined one day teaching queer asian american poets to queer asian american students. so wil"
" : Join us through out April in celebrating Asian Pacific American Heritage Month! Check this calendar for our upcoming daily eve"
" : Enjoyed spending the afternoon holding a town hall with a group of incredible leaders from Las Vegas' Asian American and P"
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
"What an interesting read "
"  Does this apply for every culture I teach? How does taking African Studies contribut "
"LDC posted record soybean export volumes from Brazil as the South American country increased flows to China during "
" :   Asian American  "
" : . made the first South Asian American film to go to Sundance! #EMPOWER2019"
"i dominican and every time i have to fill a form asking me about my race i don know what to answer, hispanic/ l "
"As a non-Black Asian-American and/or non-Black person, you are still capable of appropriation because you exist wit "
" :  NICE GIRLS CREW, GRASS &amp;  my approach is creating Asian American female characters that go past the"
"wonderful asian Goddess . because i am myself totally slave of asian Goddess   i can recommen "
"        "
"Japanese-American activists fold paper cranes to show solidarity at Texas detention facility "
" : Hi #TRANSMASCAISTS ! My name is Anke, I'm an illustrator, and after almost a year, I've finally made my BFA thesis proj"
" : We're celebrating the launch of A Day in the Queer Life of Asian Pacific America! It's an online exhibition by "
" I don see how telling a black person  aren Sudanese, American, Nigerian etc... you black "
"Our CA API Leg. Caucus was honored to attend the Secretary of State Building dedication for the Honorable March Fon "
"  So insulting that your magazine is promoting her as Native American when  she was exposed for "
"Why Asian-American rock band The Slants fought for their name #ltxstn"
"          "
"younger me could not have imagined one day teaching queer asian american poets to queer asian american students. so "
" eric qian has such disgusting amounts of Asian American energy im"
" : The East Asian (and Asian-American/Euro) solo female travellers I've talked to in Central Asia have a radically differ"
"          "
" : Artwork, actually, by Bob Onodera, based on a photo of me in an Asian American Theater Workshop rehearsal. His original witho"
"The East Asian (and Asian-American/Euro) solo female travellers I've talked to in Central Asia have a radically dif "
" i'll offer one reason, having more color to your skin in european, early american and I believe cer "
" : My stylist came down and shared her story with us too. She Asian American and said that she almost never hears about"
"Japanese-American activists fold paper cranes to show solidarity at Texas detention facility "
"Last week I was privileged to advocate on behalf of the 14,000 API attorneys that make up the California Asian Paci "
" : ICE continues to separate Southeast Asian American families across California. Sign our petition to  urging him t"
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
" : One of the most anti-Hindu idiots in America who is Hindu herself is . She is a big leader in South Asian-Ameri"
" : Are you European? Asian? Or American??? "
" : We're celebrating the launch of A Day in the Queer Life of Asian Pacific America! It's an online exhibition by "
" : Q: What was it like breaking into the business as an Asian-American?: There were very few roles written specifica"
" : 74 years ago, Japanese-American families were incarcerated in concentration camps. , asylum-seeking families ar"
"    People like you who only care about the race of the guy who wa "
"  *Waves*! I'd love to connect with more Asian-American authors.(I'm half-Thai, half-White)"
"High School  Production Wins Internet "
" : Dawn Mabalon, author of Little Manila is in the Heart, has  posthumously been awarded the 2019 Lifetime Achievement Award fr"
"I was born and raised in America, but my parents always wanted to make sure I still had a connection with our mothe "
" : #31inspiringAAPIwomen: Krystal Kaai is the Executive Director of the Congressional Asian Pacific American Caucus (CAPAC). She i"
"As  Chair, I'm pleased to join in the dedication of the March Fong Eu California Secretary of State "
" : Many diasporic Asians in the US (more commonly known as Asian-'Americans') grow up feeling ashamed of their Asian roo"
"Reposted from   -  Patsy Mink was the first nonwhite and first Asian-American woman elected to Congress. She c "
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
" : Done!  My (for purchase at the event) piece for THE NEON LOTUS gallery show in LA opening Friday, April 9th. It a dope as"
"Thoughts on how the Asian American community on YouTube is impacting Hollywood and the entertainment industry? #ReimagineAsian"
" : Join us on Sunday, April 7 for the spring premiere of Revolution Remix, SAADA's South Asian American Walking Tour of His"
"Asian American mental health is a hot topic right now. How can media representation influence the conversation? "
" : Check out 's state specific fact sheets to keep your local communities informed abt the importance of the #2"
" I often get asked by  people if I consider myself a person of color...the question in and of itself "
"Like the probably isn the place to air it out, but it hard to stay interested in a field (Filipinx/Asian Americ "
" :  We're offering internships for summer '19 in Development, Grants Research &amp; Administration, &amp; Programs. If you're in"
"For those of you who have figured out I'm not a white american male senior citizen, I'm also not an asian male seni "
" : Third World Liberation Front! This 1968 strike  included the Asian American Political Alliance. I chaired AAPA "
" : Combatting stereotype and telling new, authentic stories about the Asian American (and Asian Canadian) experience #ReimagineAsian"
" I mean I am. I'm just wary of getting bad food so I may or may not be taking notes of the places m "
" : The Smithsonian Asian Pacific American Center Learning Together program announced in an emailed statement last week that, a"
"  I guess if by the fact that there's hardly any Latino, Asian, Arab, Native American, throw in "
"A Day in the Queer Life of Asian Pacific America | Smithsonian Asian Pacific American Center "
" : Cool fact: The first Asian American woman to hold an elected constitutional statewide office in the U.S. represented the E"
" : Enjoyed spending the afternoon holding a town hall with a group of incredible leaders from Las Vegas' Asian American and P"
"  Bernie says Asian American now, has been for years. People have used words differently thru ou "
"That's a wrap! Our inaugural #Reframe Conference brought together leaders from Sundance, On Being, Harvard Neuro, R "
" : This Women History Month, we recognizing trailblazing Asian American women who are leading and influencing social justice"
"A Taste of Ginger benefiting Joslin Asian American Diabetes Initiative  "
"Every single asian american knows what this is "
" : Dr. James (Jimmy) Garret: former SNCC Field Secretary, Educator, Civil Rights Lawyer, Playwright, Founder of the first"
" is a deep sense of outrage that mass incarcerations are happening again in the United States and we intend t "
"Dude I could kill for some Italian food right now. Or Mexican food. Or Asian food. Why is American food so boring?"
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
"Every time I see an Asian-American from NY or CA who writes out the word y'all I die a little on the inside"
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
"So it alright to be a proud:  African  Asian   an Arabian no that too much proudness and supremacy"
" : I am so sick and tired of these Indian-American leaders and politicians and South Asian activists who are Indian Hind"
"He so right. Leftists say Asian American, African American, etc. Conservatives say , we are all Americans. Bluh bluh bluh"
"Today's Markets After the Close  &amp; South American - Asian - European Economic Stock News - MF "
"Northam signs bill to create advisory board on African-American issues (ones for Asian and Latino issues already ex "
"Ya know I continued following American Gods after Bryan Fuller left out of general curiousity... until last night w "
" : Enjoyed spending the afternoon holding a town hall with a group of incredible leaders from Las Vegas' Asian American and P"
"I am so sick and tired of these Indian-American leaders and politicians and South Asian activists who are Indian "
"One of the most anti-Hindu idiots in America who is Hindu herself is . She is a big leader in South Asian-A "
"the united states's track record for how they treat east asian people is almost as good as how they treat native american people!"
"We can discuss #SHSAT, but we should never deny the Asian American experience. Their experience is a lot more compl "
" :  We're offering internships for summer '19 in Development, Grants Research &amp; Administration, &amp; Programs. If you're in"
" : We're celebrating the launch of A Day in the Queer Life of Asian Pacific America! It's an online exhibition by "
"Patsy Mink 1st Asian American woman elected to Congress.  Enjoying #womenshistorymonth  "
" : Are you European? Asian? Or American??? "
"We're celebrating the launch of A Day in the Queer Life of Asian Pacific America! It's an online exhibition by "
" : For Asian American poets, what is the relationship between bearing witness to history and giving voice to marginalized communitie"
"Dr. James (Jimmy) Garret: former SNCC Field Secretary, Educator, Civil Rights Lawyer, Playwright, Founder of the fi "
"  It true.  Two of my closest friends that were apolitical up until trump won, we mo "
"On a side note, I still find it hilarious that Joe Kahn has me blocked. Like really? I didn even say anything to "
"#SHSAT opponents claim Asian-American children benefit from the hate filled ideology of white supremacy "
" : Combatting stereotype and telling new, authentic stories about the Asian American (and Asian Canadian) experience #ReimagineAsian"
" : ICE continues to separate Southeast Asian American families across California. Sign our petition to  urging him t"
" : It also, in even the most progressive corners of this country, an acceptable variety of racism, one that dresses up its"
"Combatting stereotype and telling new, authentic stories about the Asian American (and Asian Canadian) experience "
" i still the only white american male but yeah my class last quarter was entirely international st "
"What's been your favorite moment on TRAKTIVIST Radio so far? your favorite moments by listening to our past "
" : Many diasporic Asians in the US (more commonly known as Asian-'Americans') grow up feeling ashamed of their Asian roo"
" : Dystopias and Utopias in Contemporary Asian American Literature (panel with brilliant writers , "
"Are you European? Asian? Or American??? "
" : Check out 's state specific fact sheets to keep your local communities informed abt the importance of the #2"
"A group visiting the Crystal City Internment Camp (which held incarcerated Japanese, German and Italian Americans d "
" : Congresswoman  holds her 1st #townhall since winning the 2018 midterm election to meet with the community to d"
" ur name? LIKE TINA TURNER!!! HAHA DO U SING, 12 years old, asian american and confused: "
" : Hi #TRANSMASCAISTS ! My name is Anke, I'm an illustrator, and after almost a year, I've finally made my BFA thesis proj"
" :  because they have an Asian, Latino or African-American face on the poster, when you get to the counter, the prod"
" : #inclusivework a barrier is the prejudice against speaking -standard English or speaking with certain accents, but"
" : Me, a China writer having lived in both America and China:  racism in China but nobody ever talks about it-Ame"
" : Japanese-American activists fold paper cranes to show solidarity at Texas detention facility | via nbcnews "
" : I have a running joke with close Asian-American writer friends that if we have never been called by each other names, we m"
" : Japanese-American activists who are visiting a World War II-era incarceration camp in Texas will bring paper cranes to show so"
" : March Fong Eu, who was the first Asian American in the United States to serve in a state Legislature, will have the secretar"
"    Really? Cause the Native American, Indian, African, Latin/South American, "
"Japanese-American activists will bring paper cranes to show solidarity with migrant families "
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
" : It also, in even the most progressive corners of this country, an acceptable variety of racism, one that dresses up its"
" : March Fong Eu, who was the first Asian American in the United States to serve in a state Legislature, will have the secretar"
"   I bet he will, great publicity for  they will definitely see a spike in their bookin "
" : Gr8 2 C old friends &amp; new  Media &amp; Storytelling program launch w// on effort 2"
" : 74 years ago, Japanese-American families were incarcerated in concentration camps. , asylum-seeking families ar"
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
"March Fong Eu, who was the first Asian American in the United States to serve in a state Legislature, will have th "
" : Japanese-American activists fold paper cranes to show solidarity at Texas detention facility | via nbcnews "
" My experience with Hawaiian cuisine has always been a weird mashup of various Asian cuisines, Polynesian, "
" : mitski: this is a concept unreachable to me in the sense that i an asian woman and it symbolises what american society view"
" : Crowdsourcing for my student! Any recs re: 1) yr fave books or articles on Asian Am radical history (not necessarily sc"
" : Enjoyed spending the afternoon holding a town hall with a group of incredible leaders from Las Vegas' Asian American and P"
"   I checked the interior of every American SUV and no match, so I decided to try Asian ones. "
" because they have an Asian, Latino or African-American face on the poster, when you get to the counter, the p "
"Kelly Marie Tran '11 is the first Asian-American woman to star in a #StarWars film and the first Asian-American wom "
"1 rape threat against an Asian American woman (private citizen), 1 threat to kill a US soldier, 1 threat to gas rap "
" : Japanese-American activists who are visiting a World War II-era incarceration camp in Texas will bring paper cranes to show so"
"  Asian American Budchist who just retired from Environmental. (from a sea of white men) YOU ARE ABSOLUTELY RIGHT. "
"Stay updated with AACS! Follow us on our social media:  Twitter:   Facebook: Asian American Community "
"Senator Susan Lee is the first Asian American elected to the State Senate. She has tackled issues such as domestic "
" : Fish is a proud sponsor of the  45th Annual Anniversary Celebration, where the organization will present their #"
"  Agreed. Not everyone is a multilingual American-Asian-African."
"  Yes, there a difference between the ideas bein thought up for this cartoon by Asian ani "
"it ok to be white. ok to be black.'s ok to be asian. ok to be female. ok to be male. ok to "
"eventually every asian american kid who listens to indie music listens to bts in the end, love it how bts just conv "
"A Day in the Queer Life of Asian Pacific America is a new digital exhibition by the Smithsonian Asian Pacific Ameri "
"Exciting week! Tues game night, Weds American Asian and Dart Tourney, Thurs Team Trivia and Meatball Madness, Frida "
" : For Asian American poets, what is the relationship between bearing witness to history and giving voice to marginalized communitie"
"Fish is a proud sponsor of the  45th Annual Anniversary Celebration, where the organization will present the "
" : I was lucky, too, from a young age, to have teachers who believed in me. Teachers who work in Chinatowns always tell me it"
"Red Dead Redemption 3 - you play as a wanted Native American woman who lost her tribe and has to live on the ed "
"I was lucky, too, from a young age, to have teachers who believed in me. Teachers who work in Chinatowns always tel "
"my asian ass seeing all my american mutuals get closer and closer to seeing gg'all deserve this, im so happy"
"Course 5 major Audrey Pillsbury is a musician and composer, and she rows for the women openweight crew team. Now "
"Japanese-American activists will bring paper cranes to show solidarity with migrant families "
" : "
" IF 2 #ASIAN #GROUPS IN #MEMPHIS WITH #WHITE #AMERICAN #GROUPS &amp; #HISPANICS CAN'T #ACHIEVE #FAIR "
" : An Asian-American student was told an evaluation she was arrogant. Months later, another said, Isn't assertive enough"
" Waiting for an Asian-American to be changed to Chang."
" : Third World Liberation Front! This 1968 strike  included the Asian American Political Alliance. I chaired AAPA "
" Beyond Here is a sweeping exhibition that addresses Asian Pacific American representation and the lack the "
" : The Smithsonian Asian Pacific American Center Learning Together program announced in an emailed statement last week that, a"
" : This week Princeton Seminary hosts the 2019 Asian American Theology Conference. Register now and join us as we explore the"
"( . . .  u ch)  me being from Kpop, being Asian American, being a woman. I had suppressed a lot o "
" Also being American plays a part. I feel like those defending him might be SE Asian. Culture does sh "
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
"    Yeah the crowd was near half Latino/Hispanic/Asian American. Was fantastic to see."
"I may be a liberal Asian but I a conservative American "
" : This Women History Month, we recognizing trailblazing Asian American women who are leading and influencing social justice"
" : Today, we look back on this poignant interview with Broadway performers Phillipa Soo and Lea Salonga, as they reflect"
" : ICE continues to separate Southeast Asian American families across California. Sign our petition to  urging him t"
"Japanese-American activists fold paper cranes to show solidarity at Texas detention facility | via nbcnews "
" : Enjoyed spending the afternoon holding a town hall with a group of incredible leaders from Las Vegas' Asian American and P"
"He Didn Invent the Hula-Hoop Did history of invention is littered with men who took credit for women i "
"ICE continues to separate Southeast Asian American families across California. Sign our petition to  ur "
" : Marvel is said to be planning on assembling a largely Asian-American and Asian cast for #ShangChi "
" : It also, in even the most progressive corners of this country, an acceptable variety of racism, one that dresses up its"
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
"Says I'm Mexican and Broadly East Asian  and Native American lol"
"An Asian-American student was told an evaluation she was arrogant. Months later, another said, Isn't assertive enough."
" : key club/kiwanis is just a cadre for capitalist charity voluntourism but for the asian american diaspora change my mind"
" : Japanese-American activists who are visiting a World War II-era incarceration camp in Texas will bring paper cranes to show so"
" : "
" : Japanese-American activists will bring paper cranes to show solidarity with migrant families://t.co/tTh5ulAeTS"
" : Here are four Asian-American women you probably didn't learn about in school. #WomensHistoryMonth "
" AS 2 #ASIAN #GROUPS CONSIDERED AS ONE &amp; THAT SAME GOES FOR 2 #WHITE #AMERICAN #GROUPS AS ONE &amp; MUST BE "
"I'm a 24 year old, college-educated, Asian man from PA.'m a very liberal Democrat who opposes concealed-carry, o "
"Benefits of working with us:* High-Quality standards (ISO - TS)* Free sample test*American, European and Asian a "
" Yes I absolutely agree! It restores your hope in humanity! It's our American family! We are all ther "
" : Here are memoirs written by Asian-American women to read in honor of #WomensHistoryMonth "
"The Smithsonian Asian Pacific American Center Learning Together program announced in an emailed statement last we "
"Check out 's state specific fact sheets to keep your local communities informed abt the importance of the "
"Inscrutable Belongings: Queer Asian North American Fiction (Asian America) "
"Japanese-American activists will bring paper cranes to show solidarity with migrant families       Arigatou from Oh "
"White is a COLOR. RACE is what all humans are: the human race/species. is used now to disparage other groups. "
"FACE CEO, Hyepin Im, to Speak at 2019 Princeton Seminary Asian American Theology Conferen... "
"FACE CEO, Hyepin Im, to Speak at 2019 Princeton Seminary Asian American Theology Conferen... "
" : How to really get into Harvard: #Kushner. Bribes &amp; contacts: "
" : Conference of interest to : Advancing Health and Wellness with Cultural Humility in Asian and Asian American C"
"AI System - conduct an analysis of any given stock in most European, Asian and North American financial markets. "
"Christians who follow Trump don't read their Bibles. - James 3: 5-12 = Trump's Tongue is lethal--Matthew 22: 36-40 "
" You were drawn into that Bar on your Asian Tour  - he was the first handsome American singer "
" Do American Universities/any Bureau of Statistics recognize certain social factors pertaining to south- "
"submit! one week til the deadline! "
"BASS supports and trains an underserved community of South Asian American youth who are interested in activism. Her "
"   He is not an American but Middle east . He is not an American person but Asian ."
" : Third World Liberation Front! This 1968 strike  included the Asian American Political Alliance. I chaired AAPA "
" 2 #ASIAN #GROUPS IN #MEMPHIS WORKING WITH #WHITE #AMERICAN #GROUPS #EQUALLY MUST DECIDE THAT WORKING WI "
" A5 HE is a small field of study in Canada  so there is more of a community feel. My sense is that "
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
" : Relevant to our conversation about Asian-American academic performance     "
" : Crowdsourcing for my student! Any recs re: 1) yr fave books or articles on Asian Am radical history (not necessarily sc"
"Many diasporic Asians in the US (more commonly known as Asian-'Americans') grow up feeling ashamed of their Asian "
" fall I met a handsome Chinese American guy, and I feel like he rewired me. I've been exclusively attracted to "
"Am pointing her toward the Asian American Political Alliance and 60s movement in general for radical history, but n "
" : Japanese-American activists will bring paper cranes to show solidarity with migrant families://t.co/tTh5ulAeTS"
"Crowdsourcing for my student! Any recs re: 1) yr fave books or articles on Asian Am radical history (not necessaril "
" I mostly Asian &amp;grew up with Judeo-Catholic values. I speak Argentinian Spanish &amp; I vote Red becau "
"Join the Asian American Arts Alliance for March Town Hall at our space in DUMBO, Brooklyn! In honor of National Cra "
"#YellowRose, about an aspiring Filipino American country singer,  is opening the Los Angeles Asian Pacific Film Fes "
" : Born in the Valley to Chinese immigrant parents who ran a laundry, Eu was elected Secretary of State of California five"
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
" : Building a comprehensive list of Asian American male actors who can play between 21-32 for a short I directing later this y"
" : Enjoyed spending the afternoon holding a town hall with a group of incredible leaders from Las Vegas' Asian American and P"
" : Third World Liberation Front! This 1968 strike  included the Asian American Political Alliance. I chaired AAPA "
" : Community Headline: Badass Asian-American Women. Anna May Wong, Cecilia Chung, Chien-Shiung Wu and Amy Tan are among 8"
" : Patsy Mink was elected to the House of Representatives, as the first woman of color elected to the national legislature"
"I didn realize how much of a struggle it is for some dudes to grow a beard till I was enrolled in an Asian American studies class"
" 1. Exactly what are you sick of?  Lowest unemployment in history?  Your 401 K growing?  The complete d "
"  BY THE WAY, here's something you seem to overlook.  Charleston, especially North Charle "
"A Day in the Queer Life of Asian Pacific America | Smithsonian Asian Pacific American Center "
"Patsy Mink was elected to the House of Representatives, as the first woman of color elected to the national legisla "
" : The MLC's own 's review of Eleanor Ty's book Asianfail has been published in the Journal of Asian American Studi"
" : Excited about this wave of genre-busting, irreverent and poignant Asian-American theater "
" : Amy Wu, journalist and Living Beyond Breast Cancer Young Advocate alumna, recounts her experience as a young Asian-Amer"
" : #31inspiringAAPIwomen: Krystal Kaai is the Executive Director of the Congressional Asian Pacific American Caucus (CAPAC). She i"
"Born in the Valley to Chinese immigrant parents who ran a laundry, Eu was elected Secretary of State of California "
"I am thankful to earn the endorsement of ! With Asian American Action Fund continued support we will lift "
" story of the crane as symbol of nonviolence and human love is a uniquely Japanese cultural story and we want t "
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
" 5 Asian American women to know for #WomensHistoryMonth "
" : Third World Liberation Front! This 1968 strike  included the Asian American Political Alliance. I chaired AAPA "
"This week Princeton Seminary hosts the 2019 Asian American Theology Conference. Register now and join us as we expl "
"     True. Concepts such as  art and  art "
" : Enjoyed spending the afternoon holding a town hall with a group of incredible leaders from Las Vegas' Asian American and P"
"Third World Liberation Front! This 1968 strike  included the Asian American Political Alliance. I chaired AAPA "
"Building a comprehensive list of Asian American male actors who can play between 21-32 for a short I directing la "
" :  Rufio is an Asian American  icon. Rufio! Rufio! Rufio! "
" : Celebrate both National Reading Month and Women History Month by reading memoirs written by Asian-American women. #WomensHis"
" : In a potentially significant political trend, almost half of 6- to 21-year-olds in the U.S. are Hispanic, African-American"
" : plz why r white ppl sp afraid to call black ppl black my teacher was talking abt diversity in our college n he was like "
""
" : yea unless ur european, south + southwest asian, south american or african "
"Another reminder that believing the Specialized High Schools are majority Asian-American because of  supremac "
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
"In a potentially significant political trend, almost half of 6- to 21-year-olds in the U.S. are Hispanic, African- "
"My favourite American Asian  talking to my favourite British Asian . #AdnanSyed"
" : #31inspiringAAPIwomen: Krystal Kaai is the Executive Director of the Congressional Asian Pacific American Caucus (CAPAC). She i"
" I here for all the world star uploads of Asian American women just beating a lot of ass"
" cAN OnLy LikE WoLvEs iF yOu NaTiVe AMeRiCaN, I am native. I do love wolves. But I don give the tin "
" In 2005, a Norton editor told me my nonfiction book proposal on living in Scandinavia was great, but "
"In 2005, I was told by a Norton editor that my nonfiction book proposal on living in Scandinavia was great, but she "
" : Relevant to our conversation about Asian-American academic performance     "
" Rufio is an Asian American  icon. Rufio! Rufio! Rufio! "
"tribulations of black Americans, and later participated in anti-war, black liberation, and Asian-American movements "
" : Japanese-American activists who are visiting a World War II-era incarceration camp in Texas will bring paper cranes to show so"
"Relevant to our conversation about Asian-American academic performance    "
" They had that African American guy presenting the News app subscription. And that Asian womanthat "
" : This Women History Month, we recognizing trailblazing Asian American women who are leading and influencing social justice"
"Japanese-American activists will bring paper cranes to show solidarity with migrant families "
"74 years ago, Japanese-American families were incarcerated in concentration camps. , asylum-seeking families "
"Amy Wu, journalist and Living Beyond Breast Cancer Young Advocate alumna, recounts her experience as a young Asian- "
"#woke #sjw why #Asian #American Should #WalkAway - Why I'm EXHAUSTED With the #Left "
" : Community Headline: Badass Asian-American Women. Anna May Wong, Cecilia Chung, Chien-Shiung Wu and Amy Tan are among 8"
" : Japanese-American activists will bring paper cranes to show solidarity with migrant families://t.co/tTh5ulAeTS"
" : Don let Avenatti distract y from fact that the American public should be able to see the unedited Mueller Report in its e"
"2 weeks away!Asian Pacific American Network of Oregon - APANO's Day of Action is on April 8th! APANO's prioritie "
"Community Headline: Badass Asian-American Women. Anna May Wong, Cecilia Chung, Chien-Shiung Wu and Amy Tan are amon "
"   It is not about this one movie it is about black talent and film being rec "
"Asian-American #Actors Are Fighting for Visibility. They Will Not Be Ignored. #Diversity #Whitewashing"
"another white guy and one more asian-american woman."
" : Japanese-American activists who are visiting a World War II-era incarceration camp in Texas will bring paper cranes to show so"
"These are native americans!  Diverse in asian looks mostly but diverse nonetheless...  Dark skin light skin whateve "
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
" : The multi-talented  to guest appear at the opening night of The 24th Annual Asian American Showcase in Chicago! Buy y"
"I think these films are about the specific experience of black americans, but as a child of immigrants and an asian "
"More amazing press for Yellow Rose ://t.co/totOtorsgN"
" Seems like a short list but.. American  Native American on both sides, however little. "
"  White is a COLOR. RACE is what all humans are: the human race/species. is used now "
"And, Michael is the first Asian American, and first Korean American to lead  WTG   "
" : New data shows Queens DA office makeup Roughly 30 percent of the ADAs were Latinx, black/African American or Asian, com"
"Japanese-American activists who are visiting a World War II-era incarceration camp in Texas will bring paper cranes "
" : Enjoyed spending the afternoon holding a town hall with a group of incredible leaders from Las Vegas' Asian American and P"
" : Lee Talbot, an American who has been intrigued by Asian textiles through his life, has followed his passion into a remote p"
" 2 #ASIAN #GROUPS IN #MEMPHIS WORKING WITH #WHITE #AMERICAN GROUP #EQUALLY &amp; ALSO WORKING WITH "
"In other news, Asian-American men are dominating world figure skating right now and setting records and that neve "
""
" Im also glad to represent Marvel in the only Asian American lead Marvel film #gotem"
"      I am a registered Shawnee Indian "
" :     KY 4th CD 2010 Census Data: 731,100: 49.7% Male, 50.3%"
"      Try taking a DNA test. This is e "
" : A Common Table is a cookbook by Cynthia Chen McTernan  about the types of Chinese, Korean, and Hawaiian d"
" : I have a running joke with close Asian-American writer friends that if we have never been called by each other names, we m"
" Hi Suman! I'm one of many young South Asian women working to create a more empowering and inclusive env "
" : #finedining Asian in America is a six course culinary experience that uses poetry, spoken word and virtual reality to"
"    KY 4th CD 2010 Census Data: 731,100: 49.7% M "
" Muslim a race? first of all race is a man made concept .we actually all are one race human race. Sec "
"The first woman of color in Congress was of Japanese decent. #advocacy #AsianAmericanWomen "
" : Hi friends,  nurtures artists + was the love of my friend Katherine Min's  life + she was the love of"
"#finedining Asian in America is a six course culinary experience that uses poetry, spoken word and virtual reality "
" : Hi #TRANSMASCAISTS ! My name is Anke, I'm an illustrator, and after almost a year, I've finally made my BFA thesis proj"
" : I will never understand why we allow a category, Asian/Asian-American, that classifies half the world population and yet re"
" : Japanese-American activists will bring paper cranes to show solidarity with migrant families://t.co/tTh5ulAeTS"
"Tiffany is that Asian American sone that lets everyone know she that hardcore stan "
" : Percentage of children living in persistently poor counties by race/ethnicity: Indian and Alaska Native: 36%:"
" : Japanese-American activists will bring paper cranes to show solidarity with migrant families://t.co/tTh5ulAeTS"
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
"  And I do know wonderful programs like 's primary/secondary/tertiary education pr "
"   Well said ! Been getting tired of hearing that garbage. And besides "
"Japanese-American activists will bring paper cranes to show solidarity with migrant families://t.co/tTh5ulAeTS"
"Excellent article, if you interested learning more about affirmative action and how it affects different groups "
"Great list, but there's more. Sherry Hirota  , Peggy Saika formerly , Luisa Blue , "
" : Join us at the Asian American Caucus at #AWP2019 on Thursday, March 28 at 6:15 pm. Co-organized w/ all your favorite Asian Americ"
" : We're one week away for Asian American Awareness Month! Check out our events at "
"Percentage of children living in persistently poor counties by race/ethnicity: Indian and Alaska Native: 3 "
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
"14. This is a good point. I know Asian Americans who have trouble pronouncing their own names because they don sp "
"The multi-talented  to guest appear at the opening night of The 24th Annual Asian American Showcase in C "
" : Lee Talbot, an American who has been intrigued by Asian textiles through his life, has followed his passion into a remote p"
"AWP safety tip: If you want to say hi to me at AWP, make sure you don call me by another Asian American writer name. "
"just saw that ichiro officially retired. interestingly moreso than chan ho park, a corean player for the dodgers wh "
" : #31inspiringAAPIwomen: Krystal Kaai is the Executive Director of the Congressional Asian Pacific American Caucus (CAPAC). She i"
"Many negative stereotypes impact the Asian community, in particular Southeast Asians. How can we confront these ste "
"Breaking Barriers, Building Bridges: An #Asian #American #Perspective. #BeUnderstood "
""
"The Central Valley Asian-American Chamber is hosting its 2019 Community Recognition Awards Dinner this Thurs, Mar 2 "
"Lee Talbot, an American who has been intrigued by Asian textiles through his life, has followed his passion into a "
"Today, we look back on this poignant interview with Broadway performers Phillipa Soo and Lea Salonga, as they refle "
"We're one week away for Asian American Awareness Month! Check out our events at "
"  You'd think having referenced Asian-Americans in caption they'd include in the chart. Per "
" : Don't forget! This Wednesday, we'll be having our bruncheon for prospective and current Asian American Studies major. Come on,"
" Because people refer to the rest of my family as Asian Americans I have started referring to myself "
" : Enjoyed spending the afternoon holding a town hall with a group of incredible leaders from Las Vegas' Asian American and P"
" It's secondary to whitewashing, but most of my Asian-American friends also hate that Hollywood thinks t "
"Heartening to see calls for research on Asian American's experiences, attitudes and (political) behvaiours - we sho "
"I sorry but ford lead the way for all of these cars American cars have always led the way and exactly why did you "
" : I must say I agree. Asian music rules  And this is coming from an American with no Asian roots whatsoever  https://"
"It also, in even the most progressive corners of this country, an acceptable variety of racism, one that dresses "
"What I want people to take away from my presentation about  Screen is to know how Asian-American actors ar "
"Interesting demographic data reported on by  about 's 41 announced shows. 68 percent of "
" : I will never understand why we allow a category, Asian/Asian-American, that classifies half the world population and yet re"
"Forget March Madness. It's time for Marketing Madness! Join your fellow marketers at American Marketing Association "
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
"We need Asian American studies,  Josephine Park who has been ASAM interim director said. It hard to imagine a "
". was the first Asian American woman elected to the Maryland General Assembly. #WomensHistoryMonth://t.co/w846WDsfZj"
" : For Asian American poets, what is the relationship between bearing witness to history and giving voice to marginalized communitie"
" : Enjoyed spending the afternoon holding a town hall with a group of incredible leaders from Las Vegas' Asian American and P"
" : Hi #TRANSMASCAISTS ! My name is Anke, I'm an illustrator, and after almost a year, I've finally made my BFA thesis proj"
" : It's about time.   Fong Eu, the 1st Asian American in the U.S. to serve in a state Legislature, will have the secreta"
"The funny thing is, when I was in drama school, we learned British accents... and I was always excited about being "
"     Uh - they are to her. And they reflect the experiences many As "
"Would you want to be just called a writer then, ? Not sure I would ever want to be called an Asian Am "
" :  Ntse bare ba cool. What's funny is that they don't do that with American, Asian and European names... They call"
"   Her experience coming back to the US at customs was HORRIBLE. She was GRILLED f "
" : Stop calling Asian American women cute, adorable, fairy-like, pixies, and all those other weird and racist things you wan"
"Helen Zia is an activist and journalist who has advocated against racism and hate crimes that affected the Asian Am "
" Welcome to Minnesota! I'm on the board of the MN chapter of the Asian American Journalists Associati "
" : IT. IS. HERE.  The #Kickstarter for Legacies Anthology is now live! Please come and support our amazing creators and th"
"#ImranKhanEfforts Pakistan huge oil and gas reserves are discovered by American company Exxonmobil. These reserv "
"This Women History Month, we recognizing trailblazing Asian American women who are leading and influencing soc "
"Don't forget! This Wednesday, we'll be having our bruncheon for prospective and current Asian American Studies majo "
"Spoilt for choice in the American Food Court.  Philly Steaks Bell Chao Ameri "
" Ntse bare ba cool. What's funny is that they don't do that with American, Asian and European names... They "
" So what are they?? Black? Asian? Native American??"
" : Why diversity matters in comics: so you can see Asian American superheroes fighting over the restaurant check. Thanks, "
"CS 2321 Intro to Asian American Studies offered this AU will provide an intro to Asian American Studies by exami "
" : "
"If you're in #NYC check out Diasporic Sound: Migration, Resilience, and Remix by the Asian/Pacific/Amer "
" : #31inspiringAAPIwomen: Krystal Kaai is the Executive Director of the Congressional Asian Pacific American Caucus (CAPAC). She i"
" : Let us take a moment to reflect on the fact that so far we have many women, African Americans, an Asian American, a Latino"
" : Conference of interest to : Advancing Health and Wellness with Cultural Humility in Asian and Asian American C"
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
" : Excellent article and perfect example of why diversity in journalism is important. Only someone who personally understand"
" old man ... it breaks his heart seein foreign cars... listening to #TobyKeith  in America in that asi "
" : Read this paper on Asian Americans by Brookings heterogeneity among Asians.'s focus on Vietnamese Americans - tend to"
"CMS Hong Kong is proud to have been recognised as the 'New Asian Office of the Year at the Asia Legal Awards 2019, "
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
" : Enjoyed spending the afternoon holding a town hall with a group of incredible leaders from Las Vegas' Asian American and P"
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
"LMAO I DEADASS CRIED DURING ASIAN AMERICAN STUDIES WHEN THIS HAPPENED"
"The MLC's own 's review of Eleanor Ty's book Asianfail has been published in the Journal of Asian American "
" : Conference of interest to : Advancing Health and Wellness with Cultural Humility in Asian and Asian American C"
"on till I got an Asian-American woman manager who was like this is ridiculous &amp; shut that shit down"
" Also, want to acknowledge I'm white, she was white, and that the Asian American/Asian connotations are diff "
"Conference of interest to : Advancing Health and Wellness with Cultural Humility in Asian and Asian Ame "
"Come out to join some of our APAC members for the Asian American Studies luncheon and get delicious tacos this Wedn "
"   Thanks! This is great. Separate from my curiosity about online petiti "
"How can theatre weave together a story of Khmer American history and family with a lost rock music legacy? "
" : For Asian American poets, what is the relationship between bearing witness to history and giving voice to marginalized communitie"
"i find it strange that you can report that it was a possible American that attacked Gary Mac, but wont report wethe "
" : Join us on Sunday, April 7 for the spring premiere of Revolution Remix, SAADA's South Asian American Walking Tour of His"
"Join us on Sunday, April 7 for the spring premiere of Revolution Remix, SAADA's South Asian American Walking Tour "
" African Americans have the lowest earnings of any racial group by far. While median household inc "
" 2016 percentages (children in single parent families): or African American: 66%: "
" : #31inspiringAAPIwomen: Krystal Kaai is the Executive Director of the Congressional Asian Pacific American Caucus (CAPAC). She i"
" :   Asian American  "
" : key club/kiwanis is just a cadre for capitalist charity voluntourism but for the asian american diaspora change my mind"
"#inclusivework a barrier is the prejudice against speaking -standard English or speaking with certain accents, "
" : Excellent article and perfect example of why diversity in journalism is important. Only someone who personally understand"
" : american men continue to visit southeast asia to patronize its sex industry which exploits young southeast asian women, man"
"amfAR Gala Red Carpet in Hong Kong Top International &amp; Asian Celebs..#amfarhongkong #amfarhk #amfar "
" : Last night shenanigans, seeing a talk with Asian American women journalists  w/  "
" : . about being Asian and writing for American Theatre magazine at the  "
" : Great meeting  at  Asian American Women Journalists event! said for podcasts:) The more"
" : I have a running joke with close Asian-American writer friends that if we have never been called by each other names, we m"
" : Hi #TRANSMASCAISTS ! My name is Anke, I'm an illustrator, and after almost a year, I've finally made my BFA thesis proj"
" : March Fong Eu, the first Asian American in the United States to serve in a state Legislature (the California State Assembly!"
" They following the statute. The big question is why YOU haven already seen it. After all, you "
" : CertiK was pleased to host 6 young and passionate Yale undergrads during their Spring Break Externship Program, established"
" : #DYK: Patsy Takemoto Mink was the first woman of color and first Asian American woman elected to Congress. She earned"
" : Let us take a moment to reflect on the fact that so far we have many women, African Americans, an Asian American, a Latino"
" : Gr8 2 C old friends &amp; new  Media &amp; Storytelling program launch w// on effort 2"
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
" : In case you haven't noticed , you are a very good example of what a failed education system has produced. pe"
"Honored to have #poet Julayne Lee julayneelle, #author of NOT MY WHITE SAVIOR: A #MEMOIR IN #POEMS, speak in the As "
""
" : THEY RISE LIKE A WAVE: An Anthology of Asian American Women Poets is open for submissions for two more weeks! We look f"
" : I didn want to make a grand political statement, but to show that we are all in it together with the same hopes and"
"American cities just look so boring though, they have no history cos Americas like 5 years old to any other amazing "
" : Done!  My (for purchase at the event) piece for THE NEON LOTUS gallery show in LA opening Friday, April 9th. It a dope as"
"Please join us we collaborate with North Texas government leaders, our corporate partners, educational leaders, and "
" : For Asian American poets, what is the relationship between bearing witness to history and giving voice to marginalized communitie"
" : Enjoyed spending the afternoon holding a town hall with a group of incredible leaders from Las Vegas' Asian American and P"
"For Asian American poets, what is the relationship between bearing witness to history and giving voice to marginali "
" Hi Alyse! I'm an Asian American video producer, and I hear you may be looking! I'd love to be conside "
"Activists call for sustainable Asian American Studies programs at intercollegiate summit "
" Yeah, since I think even if it is from the UK, there are parts that are from Europe... They should serio "
" "
"For the last week of Women's History Month we are highlighting members of the Asian-America community! "
" : #31inspiringAAPIwomen: Krystal Kaai is the Executive Director of the Congressional Asian Pacific American Caucus (CAPAC). She i"
" : Let us take a moment to reflect on the fact that so far we have many women, African Americans, an Asian American, a Latino"
" : WINNER 'EVERYWHERE WORLD TOUR' 2018 - 2019 Leg - 62,950 Leg - 35,624 Encore - 15,000 American Leg"
"Next townie i gave a make over to was Akira's wife Miko. I also felt she didn't look asian. So i made some changes "
" : Marvel is said to be planning on assembling a largely Asian-American and Asian cast for #ShangChi "
"         "
"Filmmaker  has a vibrant signature style that could make 'Jade Palace' the next unique Asian-American on "
"An amazing new author to welcome to the South Asian American kidlit community "
" : Unrelated to anything, should I write a piece asking the rest of this country to please stop calling Asian American women adora"
" : Cool fact: The first Asian American woman to hold an elected constitutional statewide office in the U.S. represented the E"
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
" : Enjoyed spending the afternoon holding a town hall with a group of incredible leaders from Las Vegas' Asian American and P"
" : Celebrate both National Reading Month and Women History Month by reading memoirs written by Asian-American women. #WomensHis"
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
" : THEY RISE LIKE A WAVE: An Anthology of Asian American Women Poets is open for submissions for two more weeks! We look f"
" : I've been wanting to write this piece forever. Here's my look at the complicated politics of Asian American queens on "
" : In case you haven't noticed , you are a very good example of what a failed education system has produced. pe"
" : The recoil of the M14 on full auto was NOT a flaw. It was designed that way so that women, twinks, and small Asian men"
"Kathy Yen  shares with  her struggle as an Asian-American to find a job with opportunities for advan "
"Activists call for sustainable Asian American Studies programs at intercollegiate summit via /r/asianamerican "
" : Let us take a moment to reflect on the fact that so far we have many women, African Americans, an Asian American, a Latino"
" : My stylist came down and shared her story with us too. She Asian American and said that she almost never hears about"
"#31inspiringAAPIwomen: Krystal Kaai is the Executive Director of the Congressional Asian Pacific American Caucus (C "
" : Hi #TRANSMASCAISTS ! My name is Anke, I'm an illustrator, and after almost a year, I've finally made my BFA thesis proj"
" Iowa Demographics as of Jan 24, 2019: 90.9%, 3.3% American, 2.1%Asian, 1.3% other "
" : There are more police officers than social workers in schools in Iowa. Rate of arrests of Pacific Islander and #Asian America"
" : I am Asian asked 6 Asian American youth to answer questions and share about their experiences. "
"   Ricky he lying for fucks sake. Open your eyes man!!!!! is no As "
" One head turning Asian-American absolute beauty (39 Photos) "
"Stangl: We have to sort of adapt. Some North American airports are more focused on Latin American passengers, whil "
" :  Current reading: Asian-American History by Himilce Novas&amp;Land Cao with Rosemary Silva"
"This is a great article from Kaela Mei-Shing Garvin, you should read it. &lt;3 "
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
"  Shogun's daughter under American protection was assaulted-by cintas corp.thief and CIA "
" : Enjoyed spending the afternoon holding a town hall with a group of incredible leaders from Las Vegas' Asian American and P"
" : Artwork, actually, by Bob Onodera, based on a photo of me in an Asian American Theater Workshop rehearsal. His original witho"
" : The eternally wondrous thing about John Okada -No Boy is that it is a well-written and well-conceived story. It tra"
"Artwork, actually, by Bob Onodera, based on a photo of me in an Asian American Theater Workshop rehearsal. His orig "
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
" : Done!  My (for purchase at the event) piece for THE NEON LOTUS gallery show in LA opening Friday, April 9th. It a dope as"
" : Hi #TRANSMASCAISTS ! My name is Anke, I'm an illustrator, and after almost a year, I've finally made my BFA thesis proj"
"Excellent article and perfect example of why diversity in journalism is important. Only someone who personally unde "
"Typical elite media conduct.  Asian Americans are minority enough to be included in a  survey question "
" : #DYK: Patsy Takemoto Mink was the first woman of color and first Asian American woman elected to Congress. She earned"
" : As educators, we must unlearn the biased, simplistic beliefs that we might hold about what it means to be Asian American"
"   It's much more to do with the ethnic mix. There's no such thing as American DNA. Am "
" : THREAD: Time for a  Equity Audit. to your homepage. How many of the active tweeters you follow are:"
"#DYK: Patsy Takemoto Mink was the first woman of color and first Asian American woman elected to Congress. She earn "
" As for Tan, he is a hot Asian John Cusack, and having a hot Asian lead in an American actor is alway "
"   First of all, how many S/Americans in this list? How many Europeans ? shows t "
"There are more police officers than social workers in schools in Iowa. Rate of arrests of Pacific Islander and "
" : Celebrate both National Reading Month and Women History Month by reading memoirs written by Asian-American women. #WomensHis"
"Honey, I know it's hard to be an Asian-American person, but you have to understand that straight white men have problems too."
" Just think, one day, that could be you: the Asian that doesn't speak English sitting in a room with the American man"
" : #MeToo  "
" : Why diversity matters in comics: so you can see Asian American superheroes fighting over the restaurant check. Thanks, "
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
" : Enjoyed spending the afternoon holding a town hall with a group of incredible leaders from Las Vegas' Asian American and P"
" Asian American populations are actually being suppressed in some College Institutions. Won let th "
"I joined the march for my two kids that are European-Asian&amp; European American,idem ditto as my grandson.Hundreds of "
"Coverage of our upcoming panel on Asian American responses to Miss Saigon, this Weds 7 pm at  "
" : Celebrate both National Reading Month and Women History Month by reading memoirs written by Asian-American women. #WomensHis"
" :   Asian American  "
" : I have a running joke with close Asian-American writer friends that if we have never been called by each other names, we m"
" :  Thank you President Trump!  In the BOOMING economy you have created, that plant should NOT stand idle!"
" : Toads ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !  Common Toad: Duttaphrynus melanostictus Toad: Anaxyrus americanus "
" Glad to see the American horror genre got someone making original stuff. That long dark period of ripping off "
" : Done!  My (for purchase at the event) piece for THE NEON LOTUS gallery show in LA opening Friday, April 9th. It a dope as"
"Celebrate both National Reading Month and Women History Month by reading memoirs written by Asian-American women. "
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
" : Hi #TRANSMASCAISTS ! My name is Anke, I'm an illustrator, and after almost a year, I've finally made my BFA thesis proj"
" : An inconvenient truth for neolibs to digest... received more votes from young people  black, white, Latino,"
" : Thanks  for speaking out on this important issue. "
" It not fair that I have to also label myself as -American when when whites at the only grou "
" : Let us take a moment to reflect on the fact that so far we have many women, African Americans, an Asian American, a Latino"
"The eternally wondrous thing about John Okada -No Boy is that it is a well-written and well-conceived story. "
" : I think our scattered representation is far from perfect, but it sweet and aching and somehow defiant progress. https://"
"'Sorry -- Love You': Asian Americans on 'RuPaul's Drag Race' "
" : Why we must talk about the Asian-American story, too  The Undefeated "
" : Asian American allies against anti-black racism- can y'all shout yourselves out or shout out your besties right now? Would"
"Why we must talk about the Asian-American story, too  The Undefeated "
"      You named one Asian that left t "
" The latest controversy in the Methodist church has shown us how committed and mature many African "
" : american men continue to visit southeast asia to patronize its sex industry which exploits young southeast asian women, man"
"   How many South American, African, or South Asian countries are running the world? "
" : #MeToo  "
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
" : Enjoyed spending the afternoon holding a town hall with a group of incredible leaders from Las Vegas' Asian American and P"
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
" : wow!! it absolutely groundbreaking that american vogue is featuring three asian women on the cover of its april issue  ht"
""
" : Let us take a moment to reflect on the fact that so far we have many women, African Americans, an Asian American, a Latino"
" : Support this project! Help Asian American stories get told. And Asian American voices be heard.#asianamericanstory #as"
" : As educators, we must unlearn the biased, simplistic beliefs that we might hold about what it means to be Asian American"
" : I'm honored to be featured with these other amazing Asian American women leaders! Thanks  for inviting me to be a part o"
" : Congrats to our co-director  for being featured among these amazing Asian American women leaders! Thanks "
"   You talking about food being shipped from NZ and Aus! And then Africa: ok s "
" : I have a running joke with close Asian-American writer friends that if we have never been called by each other names, we m"
"Forming its own investment banking subsidiary, Aseambankers Malaysia Berhad (Asian &amp; Euro-American Merchant Banking "
" : Hi, I edit for , and we're looking for pitches for news stories! If you're a journalist writing about Asian Ameri"
" : Why diversity matters in comics: so you can see Asian American superheroes fighting over the restaurant check. Thanks, "
" I still remember my cousin having had a PS2 slim back in the day with an infinity modchip, and he pl "
"Support this project! Help Asian American stories get told. And Asian American voices be heard. "
" : Next Wednesday, join us for this event including panelists Ashley Barry (Women, Gender, and Sexuality Studies), Rebecca L"
"A 7nd grader wrote this after attending a Community Town Hall w/ in Columbus, Ohio: For me, seeing an As "
" : Done!  My (for purchase at the event) piece for THE NEON LOTUS gallery show in LA opening Friday, April 9th. It a dope as"
"Suho went to Eat Street Northshore (the biggest food park in Brisbane and have different varities of food stalls fr "
" : Unrelated to anything, should I write a piece asking the rest of this country to please stop calling Asian American women adora"
"Do they not let Asian people cover American politics in the news? "
" I think you should have said 'my ancestors' instead of 'their ancestors'. forgot about people whos "
" : We are a movement of diverse citizen activists. Activists who are African-American, Asian-American and Hispanic American. Vetera"
"  So there no difference between any Asian nation, South American nation cool "
"it ok to be black 's ok to be asian  ok to be female  ok to be male  ok to be trans ok to "
"As the Harvard Admissions Case Nears a Decision, Hear From 2 Asian-American Students on Opposite "
"As the Harvard Admissions Case Nears a Decision, Hear From 2 Asian-American Students on Opposite "
"   The British people never get involved when we decide to have a coup.  We cons "
" : Hi #TRANSMASCAISTS ! My name is Anke, I'm an illustrator, and after almost a year, I've finally made my BFA thesis proj"
" : american men continue to visit southeast asia to patronize its sex industry which exploits young southeast asian women, man"
" : Q: What was it like breaking into the business as an Asian-American?: There were very few roles written specifica"
" : Enjoyed spending the afternoon holding a town hall with a group of incredible leaders from Las Vegas' Asian American and P"
" : Hi #TRANSMASCAISTS ! My name is Anke, I'm an illustrator, and after almost a year, I've finally made my BFA thesis proj"
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
" I have an issue with the notion of Asian in the US in the first place, lumping everything togeth "
"        "
"        "
" : I think our scattered representation is far from perfect, but it sweet and aching and somehow defiant progress. https://"
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
" : Why diversity matters in comics: so you can see Asian American superheroes fighting over the restaurant check. Thanks, "
"        "
"        "
" : yea unless ur european, south + southwest asian, south american or african "
" : Done!  My (for purchase at the event) piece for THE NEON LOTUS gallery show in LA opening Friday, April 9th. It a dope as"
" : #MeToo  "
" Whut?? They really said that?? kind of logic is that??  sounds like American couldn't like Kore "
"All u ppl that r a FRIEND of this world=this society &amp; wanna see american LIVE ON &amp; EU, AU, CHINA, JAP, ARAB LANDS "
" : Offensive #Racism - No Grown Asian American Woman Wants To Hear That They're Cute Adorable; Or the aggressive admonishing to"
" : #BlacKkKlansman hits theaters this Friday (August 10th) and #CrazyRichAsians hits theaters the following Wednesday (Aug"
" : key club/kiwanis is just a cadre for capitalist charity voluntourism but for the asian american diaspora change my mind"
" : american men continue to visit southeast asia to patronize its sex industry which exploits young southeast asian women, man"
" : After Mengwen Cao moved to NY from China, to her friends &amp; family back home, she had become  American. In NY, she wa"
" : Let us take a moment to reflect on the fact that so far we have many women, African Americans, an Asian American, a Latino"
"Currently playing a game of cs with some american who is the most toxic person ever. Hes spent the whole game calli "
" The opposite of Donald trump is an Asian guy who likes math!  over 70 policies and $1,000 a mont "
" : I am Asian asked 6 Asian American youth to answer questions and share about their experiences. "
"what the fuck this guy (looks african american) came up to me sleazy asf asking if i wanted to be in a video and i "
"  What an Asian American Pacific Islander lol? There no Pacific Islanders on this list..."
"  You have to be funny to be a comedian. You are just an Asian American."
" : Its okay to be white okay to be black okay to be Asian okay to be Hispanic okay to be Native American o"
"key club/kiwanis is just a cadre for capitalist charity voluntourism but for the asian american diaspora change my mind"
" : My stylist came down and shared her story with us too. She Asian American and said that she almost never hears about"
" : I didn want to make a grand political statement, but to show that we are all in it together with the same hopes and"
" : There's power in making the comfort foods mixed race folks are cutoff from due to linguistics and family migration."
" : Of the 30 largest tech companies by market cap globally, all but 2 -  of Germany  and  of South Africa - are eit"
"Americans Embrace Fish Sauce sauce, a longtime staple in Asian cuisine, is gaining popularity stateside as a "
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
" : Done!  My (for purchase at the event) piece for THE NEON LOTUS gallery show in LA opening Friday, April 9th. It a dope as"
" : Enjoyed spending the afternoon holding a town hall with a group of incredible leaders from Las Vegas' Asian American and P"
" : I think our scattered representation is far from perfect, but it sweet and aching and somehow defiant progress. https://"
"but if you're asian-american you can do both "
"I think our scattered representation is far from perfect, but it sweet and aching and somehow defiant progress. "
" : american men continue to visit southeast asia to patronize its sex industry which exploits young southeast asian women, man"
" : I have a running joke with close Asian-American writer friends that if we have never been called by each other names, we m"
" :  Did you know there is not a single US airport named for a woman of color? That's why I want  renamed"
" do U have any policies concerning Asia? As an Asian-American, I'd be interested to hear U on Taiwan, so "
" : #MeToo  "
" : Hi #TRANSMASCAISTS ! My name is Anke, I'm an illustrator, and after almost a year, I've finally made my BFA thesis proj"
" : Me, a China writer having lived in both America and China:  racism in China but nobody ever talks about it-Ame"
" : Let us take a moment to reflect on the fact that so far we have many women, African Americans, an Asian American, a Latino"
" wtf is going on with the timeline right now? We went from trump supporters to supporting an Asian America "
"#MeToo  "
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
" : Done!  My (for purchase at the event) piece for THE NEON LOTUS gallery show in LA opening Friday, April 9th. It a dope as"
" Did you know there is not a single US airport named for a woman of color? That's why I want  "
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
" Did you know there is not a single US airport named for a woman of color? That's why I want "
" : Enjoyed spending the afternoon holding a town hall with a group of incredible leaders from Las Vegas' Asian American and P"
"Okay but why is Disney remaking all their movies into live action when they could make a live action American Drago "
" : [fixed for political correctness]  need k-pop mutuals who are asian, african, european, australian or south american &lt;3"
"March Fong Eu, the first Asian American in the United States to serve in a state Legislature (the California State "
"Calling all Asian American poets! Check the link below for info on this upcoming anthology. Submissions are due by "
" : I have a running joke with close Asian-American writer friends that if we have never been called by each other names, we m"
"i think  is a very good model of an asian american public intellectual. we need more."
" : Me, a China writer having lived in both America and China:  racism in China but nobody ever talks about it-Ame"
" :  Did you know there is not a single US airport named for a woman of color? That's why I want  renamed"
"[fixed for political correctness]  need k-pop mutuals who are asian, african, european, australian or south american &lt;3"
" : Let us take a moment to reflect on the fact that so far we have many women, African Americans, an Asian American, a Latino"
" : Join us at the Asian American Caucus at #AWP2019 on Thursday, March 28 at 6:15 pm. Co-organized w/ all your favorite Asian Americ"
""
" : bersama jokowi, kita ngga takut lagi bermimpi. kiyai ma'ruf bahkan ikutan menjamin mimpi generasi setelah kita. udah lama"
"The weirdest part of anyone who insists you not the identity you claim to be (I.e.  Asian/American/queer/etc "
"   My persuasion ???  You are confused who fuck you think I  there needs to be l "
" : Asian American allies against anti-black racism- can y'all shout yourselves out or shout out your besties right now? Would"
" And which do you prefer for yrself? Asian-American writer? Vietnamese-American writer? Minority writer? Or just writer?"
" : Hi #TRANSMASCAISTS ! My name is Anke, I'm an illustrator, and after almost a year, I've finally made my BFA thesis proj"
" : I must say I agree. Asian music rules  And this is coming from an American with no Asian roots whatsoever  https://"
" : american men continue to visit southeast asia to patronize its sex industry which exploits young southeast asian women, man"
" remember that time America beat up Mexico to get the land above the rio grande river? or the time a "
" : Steve Aoki shares all Asian-American cast video for BTS collaboration  It On Me "
"Asian Americans also account for over half of the number of people who have Hepatitis B in the US. Although Asian A "
"  Yang is Asian-American and Bernie is Jewish, so the only truly white guys are Beto and Biden."
" : Let us take a moment to reflect on the fact that so far we have many women, African Americans, an Asian American, a Latino"
" : Enjoyed spending the afternoon holding a town hall with a group of incredible leaders from Las Vegas' Asian American and P"
" Give us the statistic of African American student who took the test. 7 out of ? How about other ethnical "
"After Mengwen Cao moved to NY from China, to her friends &amp; family back home, she had become  American. In NY, "
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
" : Done!  My (for purchase at the event) piece for THE NEON LOTUS gallery show in LA opening Friday, April 9th. It a dope as"
" : Hi #TRANSMASCAISTS ! My name is Anke, I'm an illustrator, and after almost a year, I've finally made my BFA thesis proj"
" : Why diversity matters in comics: so you can see Asian American superheroes fighting over the restaurant check. Thanks, "
"im legally american but im not white lol im full asian #pdxstanprofile "
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
"  You need to check out Jennifer Lee and Min Zhou. They studied everything you ta "
" : President Erdo:  has closed the book on the IMF in May of 2013 and will never open it again.  talking abo"
"Overheard:  some [n-word] hit my car!  From an Asian American to friends.  Right down the street from my place, in front of the 7-11"
""
" : I have a running joke with close Asian-American writer friends that if we have never been called by each other names, we m"
" : My stylist came down and shared her story with us too. She Asian American and said that she almost never hears about"
"Mystery North Korean border cafe serves American fare (Nikkei Asian Review) "
" Longest time all the women in American Porn were Japanese. First Asian American woman was Japanese"
"Earlier: Courtesy call of Ms. Sandra Saunders, American fellow of Young Southeast Asian Leadership Initiative (YSEA "
"    I live in California I have experienced some deeply racists from Asian co "
" Tokenism  is  racisim.'t make a difference if they're Asian American, Pacific Islander, or #FakeMexican."
"He is treated as a suave, attractive man, not weighed down by the stereotype of an undesirable Asian American male. "
"The chinese and east asian soya sauce arw the best things about far wastern cuisine. Have had authentic chinese sso "
"Anyway I'm reading The Life of Captain Marvel and it seems that Joseph Danvers is a hapa (American with mixed Asian "
"   Not always there but I see what you mean. I know some North Africans check "
" : Enjoyed spending the afternoon holding a town hall with a group of incredible leaders from Las Vegas' Asian American and P"
" : Unrelated to anything, should I write a piece asking the rest of this country to please stop calling Asian American women adora"
" I think white Twitter has it.   Asian Twitter spotted it,  but check Native American Twitter,  maybe th "
" : mitski: this is a concept unreachable to me in the sense that i an asian woman and it symbolises what american society view"
"At this point I think my mom wants me to find an Asian gf. She called me to her room and said,  will like this, "
" : In case you haven't noticed , you are a very good example of what a failed education system has produced. pe"
" : Hi #TRANSMASCAISTS ! My name is Anke, I'm an illustrator, and after almost a year, I've finally made my BFA thesis proj"
" : Let us take a moment to reflect on the fact that so far we have many women, African Americans, an Asian American, a Latino"
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
" : When Ballet Hisp takes the stage this month, audiences will experience new works from Asian-American choreographers  a f"
"In regards to automobiles:  cars = most reliable  cars = most stylish  cars = raw power and speed"
" : It's about time.   Fong Eu, the 1st Asian American in the U.S. to serve in a state Legislature, will have the secreta"
"There's power in making the comfort foods mixed race folks are cutoff from due to linguistics and family migration. "
" : Done!  My (for purchase at the event) piece for THE NEON LOTUS gallery show in LA opening Friday, April 9th. It a dope as"
" :  Did you know there is not a single major US airport named for a woman? That's why I want  rename"
" and the dream continues for the young, Asian American, Harvard grad!!!"
"Shot ep. 1 of Grass x Grass with Amnesia Media &amp; . We discuss the Asian American relationship with cannabi "
"2019 Asian Pacific American Women's Conference. Join us for a full day of Events &amp; Workshops! Sponsored by: * FCCNY "
" typical gross behavior from a white, American bully. she's a product of ingrained anti-Asian culture in "
" Hi Lyrica!,  an Asian American young woman, I enjoy seeing representation on screw of us and you "
" : Cool fact: The first Asian American woman to hold an elected constitutional statewide office in the U.S. represented the E"
"OMG The #MuellerReport was never going to save the day, and it never will. Why are people so na? American "
" : Enjoyed spending the afternoon holding a town hall with a group of incredible leaders from Las Vegas' Asian American and P"
" : Done!  My (for purchase at the event) piece for THE NEON LOTUS gallery show in LA opening Friday, April 9th. It a dope as"
"mitski is ASIAN AMERICAN EXCELLENCE. MAYBE SHE SNAPPED WITH PUBEY 2."
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
"Enjoyed spending the afternoon holding a town hall with a group of incredible leaders from Las Vegas' Asian America "
" : Let us take a moment to reflect on the fact that so far we have many women, African Americans, an Asian American, a Latino"
"AsianDems Congresswoman ElaineLuriaVA holds her 1st #townhall since winning the 2018 midterm election to meet with "
"Congresswoman  holds her 1st #townhall since winning the 2018 midterm election to meet with the commu "
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
" : In case you haven't noticed , you are a very good example of what a failed education system has produced. pe"
"  What damage? Unemployment in the African-American, Asian &amp; Hispanic historic lows. Women "
"Cool fact: The first Asian American woman to hold an elected constitutional statewide office in the U.S. represente "
" : It's about time.   Fong Eu, the 1st Asian American in the U.S. to serve in a state Legislature, will have the secreta"
" : 4 Asian-American Women Who Changed History  Did you know that the first woman of color in Congress was of #Japanese decent? #"
" : it ok to be white. ok to be black.'s ok to be asian. ok to be female. ok to be male. ok to be"
"Why is it did we have all become so divided as in the African American race the Asian race the Muslim race the Latino race"
"Biggest personal takeaway form #EMPOWER2019 is: need Asian American friends my age who aren't in tech."
" : Hi #TRANSMASCAISTS ! My name is Anke, I'm an illustrator, and after almost a year, I've finally made my BFA thesis proj"
" :  Did you know there is not a single major US airport named for a woman? That's why I want  rename"
"And how about Asian economic anxiety?  And Native American economic anxiety?   Stop with the divisive headlines des "
" [BREAKING] 14-Year-Old Asian-American Girl Found Weak and Crying On Her Bathroom Floor"
"  I'm a part indigenous Latin American and people think I'm Asian."
" : I must say I agree. Asian music rules  And this is coming from an American with no Asian roots whatsoever  https://"
" : Why diversity matters in comics: so you can see Asian American superheroes fighting over the restaurant check. Thanks, "
"The massive assimilation of indigenous East Asian populations in the origin of Muslim Hui people inferred from pate "
" : Asian American allies against anti-black racism- can y'all shout yourselves out or shout out your besties right now? Would"
"Asian-American women face an acceptable variety of #racism (and #sexism) that dresses up its violence in praise, "
"Gr8 2 C old friends &amp; new  Media &amp; Storytelling program launch w// on "
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
"  It is fabulous!  Great writing.  Forwarded to my Asian American daughter who is graduating law sch "
" : Done!  My (for purchase at the event) piece for THE NEON LOTUS gallery show in LA opening Friday, April 9th. It a dope as"
" : I didn want to make a grand political statement, but to show that we are all in it together with the same hopes and"
"   The guyanas side of school of the Americas mixed with the Mocassins tribe "
" : To celebrate  being 10(1!)% funded, I thought I'd post a small sneak peak of my comic for the project. I'm"
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
" : I have a running joke with close Asian-American writer friends that if we have never been called by each other names, we m"
" : Let us take a moment to reflect on the fact that so far we have many women, African Americans, an Asian American, a Latino"
"GaySayHello :  words on love, strength, beauty, and rage are truisms that feel like spells. "
"I an Asian American graduate of Brooklyn Tech. Please don use me as a wedge in your education lawsuit. "
" words on love, strength, beauty, and rage are truisms that feel like spells. remembers nine "
"I wonder how different my life would be if my parents didn't listen to 70s and 80s American Top 40 pop music while "
"# : #HigherEd Update: ...Esteban holds the distinction of being the first Asian and Filipino-American who "
"CC I have a running joke with close Asian-American writer friends that if we have never been called by "
" : Last night I sat up up late and watched COINTELPRO 101 on NF. It highlighted how the F.B.I. and the C.I.A. systematically"
" : It's about time.   Fong Eu, the 1st Asian American in the U.S. to serve in a state Legislature, will have the secreta"
"  haha, but one thing, in China, chinese means chinese, not like in US, American may mean whi "
"  29. You're useing American metrics and it's Asian."
" : Hi #TRANSMASCAISTS ! My name is Anke, I'm an illustrator, and after almost a year, I've finally made my BFA thesis proj"
" : american men continue to visit southeast asia to patronize its sex industry which exploits young southeast asian women, man"
"  Hey they all built it together White, Black, Hispanic, Asian and Native American. We mi "
"Spring Update 2019: A Very Busy Few Months, San Francisco, and Asian American/Pacific Islander Heritage Month. And "
"Savage Love: I met this really handsome Chinese American guy, and I feel like he rewired me. I've been exclusively "
" Andrew Yang, the Asian-American 2020 U.S Presidential candidate. That's the hashtag supporters are using."
"BLACK, WHITE, LATINO, ASIAN, NATIVE AMERICAN..all folks MUST come together in 2020 look like a small school board e "
" : Represented Indian Youth Congress at International forums:*American council for young political leaders - 2006 - United"
"Yes I Mexican American, and yes, my food is amazing (Mexican/Latinx food), but ASIAN FOOD IS ANOTHER LEVEL!"
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
"I will never understand why we allow a category, Asian/Asian-American, that classifies half the world population "
" : Why diversity matters in comics: so you can see Asian American superheroes fighting over the restaurant check. Thanks, "
" : yea unless ur european, south + southwest asian, south american or african "
" I wonder if some people think there is one Asian-American woman writer on Twitter, who randomly switches "
"  Ethnicity: 73% White/Caucasian, 12% Black/African American, 7% Latino/Hispanic, and 4% Asian "
"  Is it 2 asian twins get fucked by american or two american twins get fucked by asian "
" : Hi #TRANSMASCAISTS ! My name is Anke, I'm an illustrator, and after almost a year, I've finally made my BFA thesis proj"
" : How casual racism creeps into  &amp; disrespects Asian American women professionals."
"         Steve "
" : Done!  My (for purchase at the event) piece for THE NEON LOTUS gallery show in LA opening Friday, April 9th. It a dope as"
" : Let us take a moment to reflect on the fact that so far we have many women, African Americans, an Asian American, a Latino"
" Hehe I a leftist, I support aboriginal ppls of my homeland, I married an Asian, I played drums professi "
" : Asian American allies against anti-black racism- can y'all shout yourselves out or shout out your besties right now? Would"
"Okay wait idk if these foods are even American I just like these foods and they definitely aren't Asian."
"  Ha. This used to happen all the time (and still does) for Asian American activists/academics too!  "
" : Unrelated to anything, should I write a piece asking the rest of this country to please stop calling Asian American women adora"
" : I have a running joke with close Asian-American writer friends that if we have never been called by each other names, we m"
"honestly i wanna watch anything something indian i really need that drama that passion that like juicy emotion life "
"#HigherEd Update: ...Esteban holds the distinction of being the first Asian and Filipino-American who has served a "
"#HigherEd Update: ...Esteban holds the distinction of being the first Asian and Filipino-American who has served a "
"Must include in my #AsianAmericanHistory in American Musicals seminar: Overture panel to address question of Asian "
"Two #Asian American on the podium at the World Figure Skating Championship. #AAPI "
" : Artist Gang-Hyuk Lim and I are teaming Marvel's greatest Asian American superheroes up with Marvel's awesome new Asian charact"
"  That has to do with their diverse asian/American community and fan base not with the "
"  If you know anything about the Bay Area, and the warriors the past 20 years, you would kno "
" : It's about time.   Fong Eu, the 1st Asian American in the U.S. to serve in a state Legislature, will have the secreta"
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
" : SPECIAL REPO: The hidden homeless (Asian-American seniors) riding casino buses to survive. But they don't gamble! https://"
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
" : Let us take a moment to reflect on the fact that so far we have many women, African Americans, an Asian American, a Latino"
"Or, of course, you can go to M2M, which is an Asian (American) convenience store... "
" : Why diversity matters in comics: so you can see Asian American superheroes fighting over the restaurant check. Thanks, "
" : Hi #TRANSMASCAISTS ! My name is Anke, I'm an illustrator, and after almost a year, I've finally made my BFA thesis proj"
" : Me, a China writer having lived in both America and China:  racism in China but nobody ever talks about it-Ame"
"LOL...yeah.  Heard that one too.  Tell that to anyone of Indian descent and they either get pissed off or laugh hea "
" :   Identity politics. Well spoken means to speak in an educated and refined manner. Your colloquial mea"
" : I have a running joke with close Asian-American writer friends that if we have never been called by each other names, we m"
" i was talking with an asian american friend about this - there are probably big differences culturally "
" : Next Wednesday, join us for this event including panelists Ashley Barry (Women, Gender, and Sexuality Studies), Rebecca L"
"I have a running joke with close Asian-American writer friends that if we have never been called by each other na "
" : Done!  My (for purchase at the event) piece for THE NEON LOTUS gallery show in LA opening Friday, April 9th. It a dope as"
" : yea unless ur european, south + southwest asian, south american or african "
"Offensive #Racism - No Grown Asian American Woman Wants To Hear That They're Cute Adorable; Or the aggressive a "
" Especially Africans in America..by the way there is no such thing as African American like how you going "
" Yup. Some of my Asian American students face these comments since their early teen years up to college. The "
" : Honored to serve as a leadership mentor for Asian-American USNA Midshipmen and USMA Cadets event tonight. Tonight focuse"
" :    I really wish we could stop the labeling like African American Asian American etc. If your Ame"
"   Do you mean this article: Activism identity and service: The influe "
" : We need to drop the labels no more labels like Asian American African American etc. We need to be just saying #Americans. We"
" : american men continue to visit southeast asia to patronize its sex industry which exploits young southeast asian women, man"
"     They would never allow contractors to make hundreds "
" : Unrelated to anything, should I write a piece asking the rest of this country to please stop calling Asian American women adora"
" : American Athletic Conference in the last two years in tournament: loses on buzzer beater to Michigan. blows 2"
" : My stylist came down and shared her story with us too. She Asian American and said that she almost never hears about"
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
"Immigration drama 'Yellow Rose' wants to diversify Asian-American stories in Hollywood "
" : Done!  My (for purchase at the event) piece for THE NEON LOTUS gallery show in LA opening Friday, April 9th. It a dope as"
"It difficult for me to root for Gronk. He has a lot of fun + was one of the greatest TEs but he also someone wh "
" : Me, a China writer having lived in both America and China:  racism in China but nobody ever talks about it-Ame"
"as an asian american woman it actually subversive for me to choose to speed down the freeway"
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
" : Hi #TRANSMASCAISTS ! My name is Anke, I'm an illustrator, and after almost a year, I've finally made my BFA thesis proj"
"     They would never allow contractors to make hundreds "
" : Why diversity matters in comics: so you can see Asian American superheroes fighting over the restaurant check. Thanks, "
" : Let us take a moment to reflect on the fact that so far we have many women, African Americans, an Asian American, a Latino"
"Cambodia, the poorest Asian nation by GDP, 16 mil in population, currently has at least 4 ride-hailing apps (3 loca "
"Oh boy, this thread. Hard agree. Again, there's a whole universe to discuss about the negotiation of Asian-American "
" :  1 of the 1st Asian American candidates for President in our history &amp; the son of immigrants, I see racism &amp; white na"
" : This Women History Month, we recognizing trailblazing Asian American women who are leading and influencing social justice"
" 1 of the 1st Asian American candidates for President in our history &amp; the son of immigrants, I see racism &amp; whi "
" : At a loss for words but thank you so much   for the shoutout and for listening to my mixes! You contin"
"Asian accents are hot, I like their accents, the Asian male accent is hotter than the American White male accent to "
" :   goal for Asian American Girl Club is to  sure that the next generation is not feeling like the sidekic"
"My fellow asian brothers we finally tapped into the American market for dating. Thank you crazy rich asian. We "
" : Q: What was it like breaking into the business as an Asian-American?: There were very few roles written specifica"
" : american men continue to visit southeast asia to patronize its sex industry which exploits young southeast asian women, man"
" :   See, here I can agree with , even if she's not Asian from our world (or Kitana Latina"
"  See, here I can agree with , even if she's not Asian from our world (or Kit "
"Ninja Clipart. Ninja girls, card making, planner stickers, embroidery, African American characters, asian, martial "
" : it ok to be white. ok to be black.'s ok to be asian. ok to be female. ok to be male. ok to be"
" : Hi #TRANSMASCAISTS ! My name is Anke, I'm an illustrator, and after almost a year, I've finally made my BFA thesis proj"
" : You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as white wri"
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
" : This Women History Month, we recognizing trailblazing Asian American women who are leading and influencing social justice"
" : Stop calling Asian American women cute, adorable, fairy-like, pixies, and all those other weird and racist things you wan"
" : Biden Leads Millenial Poll organized by U of Chicago's GenForward Project: w/ 21% among 18 - 34 years old "
" : Done!  My (for purchase at the event) piece for THE NEON LOTUS gallery show in LA opening Friday, April 9th. It a dope as"
" : Unrelated to anything, should I write a piece asking the rest of this country to please stop calling Asian American women adora"
"Following formation of the Va Latino Advisory Board &amp; Va Asian Advisory Board -- the Va African American Advisory B "
"It is quite sad that Leo and Izzy have so much hate in their hearts loves you all  African-American brothe "
" : Its okay to be white okay to be black okay to be Asian okay to be Hispanic okay to be Native American o"
"You can call me an Asian American/Vietnamese American/minority writer so long as you refer to white writers as whit "
" : The recoil of the M14 on full auto was NOT a flaw. It was designed that way so that women, twinks, and small Asian men"
" : tired: Asian-American women date white men because of internalized racism: cishet Asian-American men deflect valid crit"
"As an Asian American woman and a writer, this gives me all the feels. "
" : Let us take a moment to reflect on the fact that so far we have many women, African Americans, an Asian American, a Latino"
" I don't watch American tv shows anymore and it's been 10 years. Haha. Prefer Asian dramas since it has bet "
"Something for my fellow Asian American creatives. "
" : Me, a China writer having lived in both America and China:  racism in China but nobody ever talks about it-Ame"
" : yea unless ur european, south + southwest asian, south american or african "
"     And you right. Nobody has  Asian stories but every "
" : It is so isolating to be fighting for my Asian American people to confront their anti-blackness/racism, to have white ppl"
"Dev Patel stars in a movie with ordinary #Indian American heroes in Hotel Mumbai.  #AAPI "
"  In a perfect world your solution is quite logical. Not every perspective adopter is Ang "
" : We need to drop the labels no more labels like Asian American African American etc. We need to be just saying #Americans. We"
"This Asian American has never been called adorable/cure by a man.  Usually it's some form of fatass, smelly pig "
"This Women History Month, we recognizing trailblazing Asian American women who are leading and influencing soc "
" AICLES OF THE WEEK: #TripleThreat is the latest in straight-to-streaming action that combines the finest ta "
" same, i from france and here tbh too many people reject Asian people and so kpop music because  they're too "
" : In a community that is 33% Hispanic ,16% Asian, and 7% African American, that is a REALLY FUCKING WHITE crowd. "
" : Done!  My (for purchase at the event) piece for THE NEON LOTUS gallery show in LA opening Friday, April 9th. It a dope as"
"The view of shore from the boat is actually not so interesting as far as views go. True story: they almost put me o "
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
" : Biden Leads Millenial Poll organized by U of Chicago's GenForward Project: w/ 21% among 18 - 34 years old "
"you from American, Asian, African countries you are very dramatic exaggerated, it is dream ease"
"there are things i really want to advocate for. i want to be a voice for the asian american community, the lgbtq+ c "
" : Where are my North American EXO-L?? We. We need to support them over here as well! Let our Asian family get some rest! S"
"  was amusing, to this African-American woman who, along with other black Americans, and Latino and "
" : Let us take a moment to reflect on the fact that so far we have many women, African Americans, an Asian American, a Latino"
" : There were no Film and TV roles for me as an Asian American actor, so I did a lot of plays for the first 12 years in New Yo"
"my dad was saying that he saw some asian guys on an american award show, but he wasn't sure who they were. so there "
" : I didn want to make a grand political statement, but to show that we are all in it together with the same hopes and"
"Immigration drama 'Yellow Rose' wants to diversify Asian-American stories in Hollywood "
" :  is Michael (my Asian-American roommate) taking Chinese? Doesn he already know it? - Becka not...from there.."
"   It's funny, every middle eastern country knows it already, every As "
" : Join us at the Asian American Caucus at #AWP2019 on Thursday, March 28 at 6:15 pm. Co-organized w/ all your favorite Asian Americ"
" : I've lost count of the number of times Asian American women, including me, have been called adorable in professional settings."
" : Hi #TRANSMASCAISTS ! My name is Anke, I'm an illustrator, and after almost a year, I've finally made my BFA thesis proj"
" : Toads ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !  Common Toad: Duttaphrynus melanostictus Toad: Anaxyrus americanus "
" I'm half Asian, I call myself American. Not Asian-American or yellowish-American, just American."
" : Asian American allies against anti-black racism- can y'all shout yourselves out or shout out your besties right now? Would"
" : It's about time.   Fong Eu, the 1st Asian American in the U.S. to serve in a state Legislature, will have the secreta"
"it's okay to be black's okay to be asian's okay to be white 's okay to be latinx's okay to be female "
" :   goal for Asian American Girl Club is to  sure that the next generation is not feeling like the sidekic"
" : Q: What was it like breaking into the business as an Asian-American?: There were very few roles written specifica"
" : Great to be back on the National Board of the Asian American Journalists Association. Just wrapped up a couple of days of wo"
" : We need to drop the labels no more labels like Asian American African American etc. We need to be just saying #Americans. We"
"  You forget how retarded the democrats have become... yang is an asian american who g "
" Comparisons do say something about impact of economic systems:) US Hispanics &amp; Blacks beat Latin A "
" : yea unless ur european, south + southwest asian, south american or african "
" : As educators, we must unlearn the biased, simplistic beliefs that we might hold about what it means to be Asian American"
" : EEEEE  has hit 100% funded! Thank you so so much everyone for bringing this project to life's still 9 days"
" : Unrelated to anything, should I write a piece asking the rest of this country to please stop calling Asian American women adora"
" : The recoil of the M14 on full auto was NOT a flaw. It was designed that way so that women, twinks, and small Asian men"
"  May I ask what your pallatte is like?'m happy with kind any food - from European like "
" : Artist Gang-Hyuk Lim and I are teaming Marvel's greatest Asian American superheroes up with Marvel's awesome new Asian charact"
" : Some Asian American allies that have held me down, past &amp; present, in the fight against anti-black racism in our communiti"
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
" : We need to drop the labels no more labels like Asian American African American etc. We need to be just saying #Americans. We"
" : Let us take a moment to reflect on the fact that so far we have many women, African Americans, an Asian American, a Latino"
" Central and South American are white, middle eastern and North African are white lmao pretty much if "
" : american men continue to visit southeast asia to patronize its sex industry which exploits young southeast asian women, man"
"  goal for Asian American Girl Club is to  sure that the next generation is not feeling like the si "
" : Done!  My (for purchase at the event) piece for THE NEON LOTUS gallery show in LA opening Friday, April 9th. It a dope as"
" : Why diversity matters in comics: so you can see Asian American superheroes fighting over the restaurant check. Thanks, "
" :  is hiring!!! The work they do is so important to the South Asian American community! "
"PSA to my fellow yellows: just because Andrew Yang is Asian American does not mandate support from the Asian American community :)"
" : Whether you looking for stories about African families, Middle Eastern families, American families, or Asian(-American) f"
" : Democrats love to throw the word  at President Trump, but there no way around the facts: low:- Afric"
"  Identity politics. Well spoken means to speak in an educated and refined manner. Your col "
" Exactly. Latino is not a race it is an ethnicity of a black, white, or asian person born in on "
" : Two of my films 'Aiga' &amp; 'Weaving The Future' will be screening in June at this year's Houston Asian American Pacific Islande"
" : yea unless ur european, south + southwest asian, south american or african "
"I had good breakfast the next day it a mix of asian, south american, and north american lmao "
" : Olly and Sam: Sapphic couple(Jordan) part Asian and Maia: black leads :American/Lebanese/Mexican out of 8"
" : Hi #TRANSMASCAISTS ! My name is Anke, I'm an illustrator, and after almost a year, I've finally made my BFA thesis proj"
" I actually in a similar headspace myself with reconciling my connection with my Asian American culture in the "
" : Asian American allies against anti-black racism- can y'all shout yourselves out or shout out your besties right now? Would"
"  They will not need to drop contents, just drop the nice formating. nowh "
" me and namjoon are that friend in a get together that knows a little about everything... hegel? yeah "
"George Takei ()/24/19, 8:57 AM us take a moment to reflect on the fact that so far we have many "
" : Q: What was it like breaking into the business as an Asian-American?: There were very few roles written specifica"
"i don't readily have access to queer, asian american, or dis/ability communities beyond academia (thanks diaspora &amp; "
"PSA: That's Not Medicare Calling You! It could be a scammer seeking cash or sensitive data from Asian American &amp; Pa "
"The first Asian giant who made a foot print n American sport  was Yao Ming.american media darling from Time to man "
"  If you spend time in these communities or read their ethnic press, you would know that their "
"For several years, at least since Donald Trump became president more than two years ago, the U.S. has insisted that "
" :  Did you know there is not a single major US airport named for a woman? That's why I want  rename"
" : At a loss for words but thank you so much   for the shoutout and for listening to my mixes! You contin"
"i can believe all 5 ppl in my immediate family r accountants/accounting majors and im an asian american studies m "
" more #stories - watch #fashion vs #asian american #stereotypes "
" : What drew YOU into science? #AAPIHM + #ThankATeacher "
" : Me, a China writer having lived in both America and China:  racism in China but nobody ever talks about it-Ame"
" : We need to drop the labels no more labels like Asian American African American etc. We need to be just saying #Americans. We"
" Asian American actress Emily Stone did what she had to DO"
" Oh, I agree with you that  is an endonym, but since the South Asian American diaspora is so smal "
" : I and others assumed testing and admissions systems were fair and objective...such assumptions are unwarranted, ignoring."
"Worth remembering that LBJ , a Democrat POTUS, ahead of Nixon election, buried evidence of Nixon undermining the pe "
"   Anthropology and asian American studies are interesting sciences whe "
" : It's about time.   Fong Eu, the 1st Asian American in the U.S. to serve in a state Legislature, will have the secreta"
"Cannot. Look. Away. It's so fascinating!This video shows the Top 10 megacities by population from 1950 to 2035. "
" : Hi #TRANSMASCAISTS ! My name is Anke, I'm an illustrator, and after almost a year, I've finally made my BFA thesis proj"
" : Let us take a moment to reflect on the fact that so far we have many women, African Americans, an Asian American, a Latino"
"This girl on twitter said I was wrong Bc I said you aren necessarily white if your ethnicity is Hispanic  yo "
" : Done!  My (for purchase at the event) piece for THE NEON LOTUS gallery show in LA opening Friday, April 9th. It a dope as"
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
" : yea unless ur european, south + southwest asian, south american or african "
" : Asian American allies against anti-black racism- can y'all shout yourselves out or shout out your besties right now? Would"
" Went to a poorly funded public school in Central California. learned about half those things, alt "
" : Unrelated to anything, should I write a piece asking the rest of this country to please stop calling Asian American women adora"
" : Me, a China writer having lived in both America and China:  racism in China but nobody ever talks about it-Ame"
"It the answer spoken by young and old, rich and poor, Democrat and Republican, black, white, Hispanic, Asian, Nat "
" : it ok to be white. ok to be black.'s ok to be asian. ok to be female. ok to be male. ok to be"
" : The consumer buying power of minority groups in the United States continues to rise, with the largest percentage increases"
"   that's cos American airlines don't know what luxury is compare to Asian, Mid "
" : Artist Gang-Hyuk Lim and I are teaming Marvel's greatest Asian American superheroes up with Marvel's awesome new Asian charact"
" You mean, Asian kids, the kids who are taught discipline and consequences. Not American kids, who eat "
" : Q: What was it like breaking into the business as an Asian-American?: There were very few roles written specifica"
" : In a community that is 33% Hispanic ,16% Asian, and 7% African American, that is a REALLY FUCKING WHITE crowd. "
" : Join us at the Asian American Caucus at #AWP2019 on Thursday, March 28 at 6:15 pm. Co-organized w/ all your favorite Asian Americ"
"Asian Americans may have an educational advantage, but they face a 'bamboo ceiling' at work "
"Truth amplification of Racial Justice Activists of Latino, African American, Latina &amp; Asian American, Arab American "
"Join us at the Asian American Caucus at #AWP2019 on Thursday, March 28 at 6:15 pm. Co-organized w/ all your favorit "
" :  Five great podcasts by South Asian American female/NB folks:- Queering Desi   -"
" : Let us take a moment to reflect on the fact that so far we have many women, African Americans, an Asian American, a Latino"
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
"Asian-American to shit on other groups of Asian-Americans except for the one who sexually harassed me for a year. ( "
"Welcome to the Asian American experience "
" : american men continue to visit southeast asia to patronize its sex industry which exploits young southeast asian women, man"
" : Done!  My (for purchase at the event) piece for THE NEON LOTUS gallery show in LA opening Friday, April 9th. It a dope as"
" : It's about time.   Fong Eu, the 1st Asian American in the U.S. to serve in a state Legislature, will have the secreta"
"Q: What was it like breaking into the business as an Asian-American?: There were very few roles written sp "
" (an initiative to end mental health stigma in the Asian American community) bleeds Dodgers B "
" : this piece by  made me feel seen in a way i could never have put into words myself. it nails to the page exactl"
" : We are a movement of diverse citizen activists. Activists who are African-American, Asian-American and Hispanic American. Vetera"
" : We need to drop the labels no more labels like Asian American African American etc. We need to be just saying #Americans. We"
" was become my own asian parent.-   not an asian american but i felt that on a lotta levels "
"Coalition for Asian American Children + Families ( ) is the nation only pan-Asian children advocacy organi "
" : Hi #TRANSMASCAISTS ! My name is Anke, I'm an illustrator, and after almost a year, I've finally made my BFA thesis proj"
" : it ok to be white. ok to be black.'s ok to be asian. ok to be female. ok to be male. ok to be"
" :   It's not just white countries, it Arab countries, it Asian countries, its Latin American countries,"
" Oh, no, definitely not. If Asian ppl did this at an American restaurant, non-Asian ppl would be like, 'F "
"  The Asian perspective....not the American perspective, which Trump and others espouse~i "
" There are more than just black people who rap. A lot of Asian cultures love hip hop. They also have "
" : I'm American and I know a lot of people (very nice people) who mispronounce my name because English is their second langu"
" honestly the concept of living in a world where one is not expected to swallow American exceptional "
" : yea unless ur european, south + southwest asian, south american or african "
" :  We're offering internships for summer '19 in Development, Grants Research &amp; Administration, &amp; Programs. If you're in"
" Thank you for representing  Anthropology and Asian American Studies at #PreviewDay2019"
"I'm a 21 year old, non-college-educated, Asian man from OR.'m a liberal Democrat who always supports abortion, s "
" : Me, a China writer having lived in both America and China:  racism in China but nobody ever talks about it-Ame"
" :  response that we got from this one question,  you identify as Asian American? Why or why not? was so rooted."
" : There power in claiming an identity, saying:  can use this against me. This belongs to me. When you are very deli"
" : Asian American allies against anti-black racism- can y'all shout yourselves out or shout out your besties right now? Would"
" : My Asian American people will ask, why, as low-income people, do we succeed &amp; black &amp; Latinx people don't? Many of us whom"
" :  We're offering internships for summer '19 in Development, Grants Research &amp; Administration, &amp; Programs. If you're in"
" : this piece by  made me feel seen in a way i could never have put into words myself. it nails to the page exactl"
" : Let us take a moment to reflect on the fact that so far we have many women, African Americans, an Asian American, a Latino"
" : Hi #TRANSMASCAISTS ! My name is Anke, I'm an illustrator, and after almost a year, I've finally made my BFA thesis proj"
" : Done!  My (for purchase at the event) piece for THE NEON LOTUS gallery show in LA opening Friday, April 9th. It a dope as"
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
"Who's making these North American movie posters? Ur wack, straight trash, boo-boo!! They're prolly hiring Asian n E "
" : We need to drop the labels no more labels like Asian American African American etc. We need to be just saying #Americans. We"
" : Unrelated to anything, should I write a piece asking the rest of this country to please stop calling Asian American women adora"
" can wait for the day philly gets an asian american bookstore how amazing will that be"
" : Why diversity matters in comics: so you can see Asian American superheroes fighting over the restaurant check. Thanks, "
" : american men continue to visit southeast asia to patronize its sex industry which exploits young southeast asian women, man"
" : yea unless ur european, south + southwest asian, south american or african "
"We need to drop the labels no more labels like Asian American African American etc. We need to be just saying "
" : Represented Indian Youth Congress at International forums:*American council for young political leaders - 2006 - United"
" : Asian American allies against anti-black racism- can y'all shout yourselves out or shout out your besties right now? Would"
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
" : Let us take a moment to reflect on the fact that so far we have many women, African Americans, an Asian American, a Latino"
" : Done!  My (for purchase at the event) piece for THE NEON LOTUS gallery show in LA opening Friday, April 9th. It a dope as"
" : american men continue to visit southeast asia to patronize its sex industry which exploits young southeast asian women, man"
" : Hi #TRANSMASCAISTS ! My name is Anke, I'm an illustrator, and after almost a year, I've finally made my BFA thesis proj"
"    Oh god. Can you allow that your experience is vastly different from "
"Minorities:  unemployment rate for African Americans fell to 5.9 percent, which is the lowest rate on record. "
" : Whether you looking for stories about African families, Middle Eastern families, American families, or Asian(-American) f"
"it ok to be white. ok to be black.'s ok to be asian. ok to be female. ok to be male. ok to "
" : Year 3 (?) of doing Asian-American panels at #C2E2 with these lovely folks.* Year 8 for speaking here in general. "
" : Represented Indian Youth Congress at International forums:*American council for young political leaders - 2006 - United"
" : At a loss for words but thank you so much   for the shoutout and for listening to my mixes! You contin"
"It okay to be white. okay to be black. okay to be Asian. okay to be Hispanic. okay to be Nati "
" : We are a movement of diverse citizen activists. Activists who are African-American, Asian-American and Hispanic American. Vetera"
" : The consumer buying power of minority groups in the United States continues to rise, with the largest percentage increases"
" : Immigration drama 'Yellow Rose' wants to diversify Asian-American stories in Hollywood "
"Asian-American #Actors Are Fighting for Visibility. They Will Not Be Ignored. #Diversity #Whitewashing"
"All job postings in Asian American History / Studies,"
" : Honored to serve as a leadership mentor for Asian-American USNA Midshipmen and USMA Cadets event tonight. Tonight focuse"
" : Incidentally, Asian-Americans seem to be figuring out the same thing 3/ "
" Imaginr thinking Doryuu, an asian american furry streamer, is a cop because he dressed like one in fursuit "
" : I've been wanting to write this piece forever. Here's my look at the complicated politics of Asian American queens on "
"Minji acknowledges in her convo w/ during #EMPOWER2019 that while #AsianAmericans are not in mainstream, "
" : Asian-American groups vary in life years lost to premature heart disease, stroke. "
" : A delicious and informal mashup of Southeast Asian and European influences, Malaysian cooking is full of flavor and easy to lov"
" : yea unless ur european, south + southwest asian, south american or african "
"this is some peak american take. there are other nationalities/ethnicities than black and asian people who have wei "
" In European/American culture, dragons symbolize evil or danger, but in Asian culture, they seem to symbolize power or good luck."
" : It's about time.   Fong Eu, the 1st Asian American in the U.S. to serve in a state Legislature, will have the secreta"
" : Unrelated to anything, should I write a piece asking the rest of this country to please stop calling Asian American women adora"
" : I'm American and I know a lot of people (very nice people) who mispronounce my name because English is their second langu"
" : Why MUST they go to countries in Europe? Why can't they stay in Africa - or migrate to Middle Eastern, Asian, Central/S"
" : Yes! In the new national data set I can separate lynchings of Blacks from those of other racial/ethnic groups: Asian (main"
" : Hi #TRANSMASCAISTS ! My name is Anke, I'm an illustrator, and after almost a year, I've finally made my BFA thesis proj"
" : yea unless ur european, south + southwest asian, south american or african "
" : Done!  My (for purchase at the event) piece for THE NEON LOTUS gallery show in LA opening Friday, April 9th. It a dope as"
" Right.I know she loves me and cares, but her compass is #AsianCalibrated and it's not valid for being an "
" : Let us take a moment to reflect on the fact that so far we have many women, African Americans, an Asian American, a Latino"
" : Why The Slants, an Asian-American band, took the fight for their name to the US Supreme Court "
" : Unrelated to anything, should I write a piece asking the rest of this country to please stop calling Asian American women adora"
" : ASIAN AND LATIN AMERICA SHOWS????? YALL THIS IS HUGE SO MANY PEOPLE WHO HAVENT HAD THE CHANCE TO SEE THEM WILL HAVE THE"
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
"ASIAN AND LATIN AMERICA SHOWS????? YALL THIS IS HUGE SO MANY PEOPLE WHO HAVENT HAD THE CHANCE TO SEE THEM WILL HAVE "
"I'm American and I know a lot of people (very nice people) who mispronounce my name because English is their second "
"Keep Southeast Asian American families "
" : this piece by  made me feel seen in a way i could never have put into words myself. it nails to the page exactl"
"I have a running joke with close Asian-American writer friends that if we have never been called by each other na "
" : Asian American allies against anti-black racism- can y'all shout yourselves out or shout out your besties right now? Would"
" : Some Asian American allies that have held me down, past &amp; present, in the fight against anti-black racism in our communiti"
" : We are a movement of diverse citizen activists. Activists who are African-American, Asian-American and Hispanic American. Vetera"
"Where are my North American EXO-L?? We. We need to support them over here as well! Let our Asian family get some re "
" : At a loss for words but thank you so much   for the shoutout and for listening to my mixes! You contin"
" : I didn want to make a grand political statement, but to show that we are all in it together with the same hopes and"
" : My father's life is a story of a true American. He took all the risks, and dealt with all the consequences, neverthel"
" pushed me to the ground, started punching and kicking me, all while yelling out racial slurs. They kept calli "
" : Why diversity matters in comics: so you can see Asian American superheroes fighting over the restaurant check. Thanks, "
"I joked that I the last Asian American to see . So worth the wait! #springbreak2019"
"Immigration drama 'Yellow Rose' wants to diversify Asian-American stories in Hollywood "
" : A12. We dream of a future where Asian American girls grow up hearing nuanced, multifaceted stories about Asian American"
" : Me, a China writer having lived in both America and China:  racism in China but nobody ever talks about it-Ame"
" : Let us take a moment to reflect on the fact that so far we have many women, African Americans, an Asian American, a Latino"
" : Hi #TRANSMASCAISTS ! My name is Anke, I'm an illustrator, and after almost a year, I've finally made my BFA thesis proj"
" can't help but notice that while half of the donuts on display are Black, there are no visible Latino, "
" : Done!  My (for purchase at the event) piece for THE NEON LOTUS gallery show in LA opening Friday, April 9th. It a dope as"
"My current colleague told me that America is a racist country and my chance of becoming a president is like 0. "
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
"  His entire lineup was for American singers as women of MK which there really arent any A "
"Racist? Fair? Biased? Asian-American Alumni Debate Elite High School Admissions "
" : It's about time.   Fong Eu, the 1st Asian American in the U.S. to serve in a state Legislature, will have the secreta"
"To Hispanic/Latinx Twitter: Hoping you might clue this ignorant white European American in on a few things, if you "
"  I Asian American n my husband is white, I lived in d most whites area all my life "
"African American wemen, Asian, Dominican, and every other nationality or class of wemen all afraid of the White Wom "
"   This is so true.  I believe that racial triangulation from the white suprema "
"The voting population  white men most vote for Trump women some vote for Trump some don't young people 18 year olds "
""
" : I've been wanting to write this piece forever. Here's my look at the complicated politics of Asian American queens on "
"      Those attending the panel are t "
"The data suppression on the negative effects of these vaccines is unconscionable especially the gender /racial comp "
" : american men continue to visit southeast asia to patronize its sex industry which exploits young southeast asian women, man"
" : I didn want to make a grand political statement, but to show that we are all in it together with the same hopes and"
" You seem to have some power even though you're an Asian-American. I see more of your (race-baiting) tw "
"I didn want to make a grand political statement, but to show that we are all in it together with the same hopes "
" : Asian American allies against anti-black racism- can y'all shout yourselves out or shout out your besties right now? Would"
"A delicious and informal mashup of Southeast Asian and European influences, Malaysian cooking is full of flavor and "
" : Why diversity matters in comics: so you can see Asian American superheroes fighting over the restaurant check. Thanks, "
" : I must say I agree. Asian music rules  And this is coming from an American with no Asian roots whatsoever  https://"
" : Let us take a moment to reflect on the fact that so far we have many women, African Americans, an Asian American, a Latino"
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
" :  Five great podcasts by South Asian American female/NB folks:- Queering Desi   -"
" : Unrelated to anything, should I write a piece asking the rest of this country to please stop calling Asian American women adora"
" Greeks can identify as Asian, African, or European as well.  again is only an American "
"And the actor doesn't have to be an American at all. Asian for the sake of Asian is wrong. It's that they all look "
" : On Thursday, March 28th from 12-1:30pm at the IU Maurer School of Law, come for  Future of Affirmative Action - Harvard Uni"
" : .#GSSummit19 speaker  has broken barriers, serving as the 2nd woman and 1st Asian American chair for "
" : Done!  My (for purchase at the event) piece for THE NEON LOTUS gallery show in LA opening Friday, April 9th. It a dope as"
" : yea unless ur european, south + southwest asian, south american or african "
" : It's about time.   Fong Eu, the 1st Asian American in the U.S. to serve in a state Legislature, will have the secreta"
"Video: Associations That Matter   Check out the largest hotel owners association in the world.  #CRE Show videos "
" : american men continue to visit southeast asia to patronize its sex industry which exploits young southeast asian women, man"
"THIS IS THE MOST ASIAN AMERICAN THING I'VE EVER HEARD.  was a senior in college, was updating her resume, and "
" : Why diversity matters in comics: so you can see Asian American superheroes fighting over the restaurant check. Thanks, "
" : Hi #TRANSMASCAISTS ! My name is Anke, I'm an illustrator, and after almost a year, I've finally made my BFA thesis proj"
" :  We need to end those labels start saying were Americans. Honor your heritage. Stop with African American Asian Am"
" Is someone triggered? I half Filipino. I identify as American. Doesn change the fact I am half- "
"really enjoyed 's Asian American Depression pod of my takeaways: depressive symptoms can come as an i "
"   So no black women wear European hair ? And also , still South American hair and A "
" response that we got from this one question,  you identify as Asian American? Why or why not? was so roote "
" : Me, a China writer having lived in both America and China:  racism in China but nobody ever talks about it-Ame"
" : Asian American allies against anti-black racism- can y'all shout yourselves out or shout out your besties right now? Would"
" : My father's life is a story of a true American. He took all the risks, and dealt with all the consequences, neverthel"
" : Toads ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !  Common Toad: Duttaphrynus melanostictus Toad: Anaxyrus americanus "
" :   It's not just white countries, it Arab countries, it Asian countries, its Latin American countries,"
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
" : I must say I agree. Asian music rules  And this is coming from an American with no Asian roots whatsoever  https://"
" : Done!  My (for purchase at the event) piece for THE NEON LOTUS gallery show in LA opening Friday, April 9th. It a dope as"
" in great company here!  "
" : Let us take a moment to reflect on the fact that so far we have many women, African Americans, an Asian American, a Latino"
" : Why diversity matters in comics: so you can see Asian American superheroes fighting over the restaurant check. Thanks, "
"All Asian American Guy I see, Reminds me of you. But I'm Nought"
" : Hi #TRANSMASCAISTS ! My name is Anke, I'm an illustrator, and after almost a year, I've finally made my BFA thesis proj"
" : yea unless ur european, south + southwest asian, south american or african "
"If you think I gonna get up on my first day aff, at 11am after a run of nights, to trawl the internet to watch a "
"Join us at our next #AsianInAmerica program to look at the debate on Asian Americans and affirmative action with "
" : Toads ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !  Common Toad: Duttaphrynus melanostictus Toad: Anaxyrus americanus "
"Asian-American groups vary in life years lost to premature heart disease, stroke. "
" :  a Filipina American, I feel like we are mostly invisible as a subset of Asian Americans. Filipinos have played other Asian"
" : March 12, 1968  Tammy Duckworth is born. She became the first disabled woman to serve in the U.S. House of Representative"
" : The sequel to #ToAllTheBoysIveLovedBefore will have a white man direct a film about Asian American girls. Why couldn't they g"
" : american men continue to visit southeast asia to patronize its sex industry which exploits young southeast asian women, man"
" : We are a movement of diverse citizen activists. Activists who are African-American, Asian-American and Hispanic American. Vetera"
"The  &amp; the post-#WorldWarII rebuilding of E. European #libraries by Marek Sroka  Its goal "
" :  We need to end those labels start saying were Americans. Honor your heritage. Stop with African American Asian Am"
" : If You Are -American You Are A White Person. Just Give It Up."
" : American Buddhist lineages have come a long way from their traditional Asian influences. Religious studies professor Dr. A"
"I'm a 38 year old, college-educated, Asian woman from MN.'m a moderate Democrat who opposes deporting illegal im "
" : My stylist came down and shared her story with us too. She Asian American and said that she almost never hears about"
" : this piece by  made me feel seen in a way i could never have put into words myself. it nails to the page exactl"
" : Let us take a moment to reflect on the fact that so far we have many women, African Americans, an Asian American, a Latino"
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
" We need to end those labels start saying were Americans. Honor your heritage. Stop with African American "
" : Some Asian American allies that have held me down, past &amp; present, in the fight against anti-black racism in our communiti"
" : Unrelated to anything, should I write a piece asking the rest of this country to please stop calling Asian American women adora"
" : Hey #Exvies, I'm looking for resources for an #exvie friend in the Boston area, Asian-American in a Korean evangelical envi"
" : It is so isolating to be fighting for my Asian American people to confront their anti-blackness/racism, to have white ppl"
" : Done!  My (for purchase at the event) piece for THE NEON LOTUS gallery show in LA opening Friday, April 9th. It a dope as"
"I've been wanting to write this piece forever. Here's my look at the complicated politics of Asian American queens "
" : Asian American allies against anti-black racism- can y'all shout yourselves out or shout out your besties right now? Would"
"Agree with this. But also stop calling or referring to certain Asian American women as  or non-colleg "
" : It's about time.   Fong Eu, the 1st Asian American in the U.S. to serve in a state Legislature, will have the secreta"
" : Hi #TRANSMASCAISTS ! My name is Anke, I'm an illustrator, and after almost a year, I've finally made my BFA thesis proj"
" : yea unless ur european, south + southwest asian, south american or african "
" : american men continue to visit southeast asia to patronize its sex industry which exploits young southeast asian women, man"
"Regardless of outcome anyway, it would be awesome to see a Japanese American or even Asian American cast get all of "
"GO NERDS I'LL SEE YOU AROUND SOMETIME OUT WORLD CAUSE THIS GAY ASS ASIAN AMERICAN NERD IS COMING AFTER YOUR BUTT"
" : Why diversity matters in comics: so you can see Asian American superheroes fighting over the restaurant check. Thanks, "
" Totally blanking on the name, but I remember reading an Asian American writer talking about how the "
"   Samsung Galaxy Watch fixes one of the biggest problems with smartwatches.: Two present "
"What Republicans fear most...their future isn't white.  half of 6- to 21-year-olds in the U.S. are Hispanic "
" : It okay to be white. okay to be black. okay to be Asian. okay to be Native American. okay to be fe"
"Parents of Asian American Youth "
" : A sarcastic but serious exploration of Asian-American stereotypes. "
" : Done!  My (for purchase at the event) piece for THE NEON LOTUS gallery show in LA opening Friday, April 9th. It a dope as"
" : My stylist came down and shared her story with us too. She Asian American and said that she almost never hears about"
" : american men continue to visit southeast asia to patronize its sex industry which exploits young southeast asian women, man"
"I just gave to Michael Xu | AACF Team Hokkaido. Join me and help them reach their goal! "
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
" : Why diversity matters in comics: so you can see Asian American superheroes fighting over the restaurant check. Thanks, "
" : My father's life is a story of a true American. He took all the risks, and dealt with all the consequences, neverthel"
" : Let us take a moment to reflect on the fact that so far we have many women, African Americans, an Asian American, a Latino"
" : Hi #TRANSMASCAISTS ! My name is Anke, I'm an illustrator, and after almost a year, I've finally made my BFA thesis proj"
" : Great to be back on the National Board of the Asian American Journalists Association. Just wrapped up a couple of days of wo"
" : The first woman of color in Congress was of Japanese decent. "
"  Really. What is American Culture? it be Native Culture? wait, how about Black "
" : yea unless ur european, south + southwest asian, south american or african "
"With the AAJA National Board meeting done, we went out to do important field research in Atlanta for the Asian Amer "
" : this piece by  made me feel seen in a way i could never have put into words myself. it nails to the page exactl"
" Yet your tweet highlights not their ideas, but the fact that they are women, African Americans, an Asi "
" Here a question for you: how many Asian-American Republicans are in the House? the Senate? in places of "
" : We are a movement of diverse citizen activists. Activists who are African-American, Asian-American and Hispanic American. Vetera"
" : Unrelated to anything, should I write a piece asking the rest of this country to please stop calling Asian American women adora"
"My father's life is a story of a true American. He took all the risks, and dealt with all the consequences, nevert "
" : Calling Asian American women adorable is  acceptable variety of racism, one that dresses up its violence in praise. WHEW."
" : mitski: this is a concept unreachable to me in the sense that i an asian woman and it symbolises what american society view"
" :   It's not just white countries, it Arab countries, it Asian countries, its Latin American countries,"
" : Let us take a moment to reflect on the fact that so far we have many women, African Americans, an Asian American, a Latino"
" : Done!  My (for purchase at the event) piece for THE NEON LOTUS gallery show in LA opening Friday, April 9th. It a dope as"
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
" : Hi #TRANSMASCAISTS ! My name is Anke, I'm an illustrator, and after almost a year, I've finally made my BFA thesis proj"
" : american men continue to visit southeast asia to patronize its sex industry which exploits young southeast asian women, man"
"your own sexuality. i study religious studies and i learnt that every single human is made in the image of god, all "
" : I've lost count of the number of times Asian American women, including me, have been called adorable in professional settings."
"Can't figure out why Asian American groups haven't asked Creative Planning to take down its racist stereotype TV co "
"  As an Asian American, guys like you embarrass us and give us a bad name."
" : Unrelated to anything, should I write a piece asking the rest of this country to please stop calling Asian American women adora"
" : yea unless ur european, south + southwest asian, south american or african "
"  I TOTALLY disagree.  Strength comes from inner character NOT SKIN COLOR.  An Asian/Americ "
" Crumbling or gathering, pulling back from the Asian invasion...? The Land of the rich is being roas "
" What culture did you appropriate today Sen. Warren? I heard you claimed your Asian this week and then you "
" : Calling Asian American women adorable is  acceptable variety of racism, one that dresses up its violence in praise. WHEW."
" : Congrats to our co-director  for being featured among these amazing Asian American women leaders! Thanks "
" : I was on a set where the Asian American cast got together to ask the showrunner to remove an unnecessary racial slur from t"
" : We are a movement of diverse citizen activists. Activists who are African-American, Asian-American and Hispanic American. Vetera"
"2/ nationality by whatever hyphenated European, Asian or African nation our ancestry originated from un "
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
"My stylist came down and shared her story with us too. She Asian American and said that she almost never hears ab "
" : yea unless ur european, south + southwest asian, south american or african "
" : Done!  My (for purchase at the event) piece for THE NEON LOTUS gallery show in LA opening Friday, April 9th. It a dope as"
" : Asian American allies against anti-black racism- can y'all shout yourselves out or shout out your besties right now? Would"
" : Let us take a moment to reflect on the fact that so far we have many women, African Americans, an Asian American, a Latino"
" : american men continue to visit southeast asia to patronize its sex industry which exploits young southeast asian women, man"
" : Yes! In the new national data set I can separate lynchings of Blacks from those of other racial/ethnic groups: Asian (main"
" : A sarcastic but serious exploration of Asian-American stereotypes. "
"       I haven't read "
" : Hi #TRANSMASCAISTS ! My name is Anke, I'm an illustrator, and after almost a year, I've finally made my BFA thesis proj"
" : Always grateful for the wonderful volunteers who make #Citizenship Workshops possible! Full house today at the Asian Pacific"
" : NEW research shows that the risks of death from heart disease and stroke vary among Asian American subgroups, with the"
" : We are a movement of diverse citizen activists. Activists who are African-American, Asian-American and Hispanic American. Vetera"
" : north american figure skaters be like one time I slit my competitor's throat with my blade in the middle of a warm up she"
"  ... of African or Native American or Asian descent!"
" :    What you're demonstrating is Otherism,according to your beloved sociology,a non"
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
" : Let us take a moment to reflect on the fact that so far we have many women, African Americans, an Asian American, a Latino"
"Great to be back on the National Board of the Asian American Journalists Association. Just wrapped up a couple of d "
" : Done!  My (for purchase at the event) piece for THE NEON LOTUS gallery show in LA opening Friday, April 9th. It a dope as"
" :   Asian American  "
"    I have more native American genes when compared to Elizabeth Warr "
" are many inspiring Twin Cities Asian American women doing selfless and endless work to better our future. "
" : We are a movement of diverse citizen activists. Activists who are African-American, Asian-American and Hispanic American. Vetera"
" : Asian American allies against anti-black racism- can y'all shout yourselves out or shout out your besties right now? Would"
"   What you're demonstrating is Otherism,according to your beloved sociology "
" : Check out my keynote lecture for Harvard Medical School's Asian American Health Forum, on The Power of Community Organi"
" : Unrelated to anything, should I write a piece asking the rest of this country to please stop calling Asian American women adora"
"Done!  My (for purchase at the event) piece for THE NEON LOTUS gallery show in LA opening Friday, April 9th. It "
" : Hi #TRANSMASCAISTS ! My name is Anke, I'm an illustrator, and after almost a year, I've finally made my BFA thesis proj"
" : american men continue to visit southeast asia to patronize its sex industry which exploits young southeast asian women, man"
" :  hope is to help diversify the types of stories being told about Asian Americans in Hollywood and the value we can"
" : In a community that is 33% Hispanic ,16% Asian, and 7% African American, that is a REALLY FUCKING WHITE crowd. "
"Asian, Europeean, Australian, African, American #INAelectionObserverSOS  #IndonesiaCallsObservers"
"   Do you want to start a racial debate? I'm a Democrat define minority with E "
" Yes,sir, Mark! It time more of us started to be -blind. We are Americans, not Black American "
" : Calling Asian American women adorable is  acceptable variety of racism, one that dresses up its violence in praise. WHEW."
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
" : Let us take a moment to reflect on the fact that so far we have many women, African Americans, an Asian American, a Latino"
" Liberal Democrats, Labour, Tories, Socialists, TIG, SNP and a myriad of people, young old, black, white, eu "
" : Hi #TRANSMASCAISTS ! My name is Anke, I'm an illustrator, and after almost a year, I've finally made my BFA thesis proj"
" : Yes! In the new national data set I can separate lynchings of Blacks from those of other racial/ethnic groups: Asian (main"
" : Unrelated to anything, should I write a piece asking the rest of this country to please stop calling Asian American women adora"
" 24.1% of Asian Americans in NYC live in poverty, compared to 23.9% for Hispanics, 19.2% for blacks and 13. "
" : I've lost count of the number of times Asian American women, including me, have been called adorable in professional settings."
" : I must say I agree. Asian music rules  And this is coming from an American with no Asian roots whatsoever  https://"
" : A sarcastic but serious exploration of Asian-American stereotypes. "
" : It's about time.   Fong Eu, the 1st Asian American in the U.S. to serve in a state Legislature, will have the secreta"
" : yea unless ur european, south + southwest asian, south american or african "
" : Let us take a moment to reflect on the fact that so far we have many women, African Americans, an Asian American, a Latino"
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
" : The U.S.A. belongs to us, the AMERICAN CITIZEN. It doesn't matter whether you are: BLACK, ASIAN, HISPANIC, WHITE, NATIVE"
" : In a community that is 33% Hispanic ,16% Asian, and 7% African American, that is a REALLY FUCKING WHITE crowd. "
" : When visiting someone sick: :  you speedy recovery.:  well soon:  my GOD! I k"
" : A sarcastic but serious exploration of Asian-American stereotypes. "
" :  huge advantage Japan gives us is that the Chinese look at baseball as an Asian sport, not an American sport. That"
" : Hi #TRANSMASCAISTS ! My name is Anke, I'm an illustrator, and after almost a year, I've finally made my BFA thesis proj"
" : With a career spanning over three decades, Dante Basco is a hollywood actor who has become a cult classic and pioneering fi"
" : Stop calling Asian American women cute, adorable, fairy-like, pixies, and all those other weird and racist things you wan"
"A sarcastic but serious exploration of Asian-American stereotypes. "
"From tropical Asian forests to vast Latin American plantations, via CIA-sponsored coups, massacres and devastating "
" : Why diversity matters in comics: so you can see Asian American superheroes fighting over the restaurant check. Thanks, "
" : Unrelated to anything, should I write a piece asking the rest of this country to please stop calling Asian American women adora"
" : Join the Asian American Caucus for its #AWP19 caucus meeting in Portland. "
" : american men continue to visit southeast asia to patronize its sex industry which exploits young southeast asian women, man"
" Look forward to your retweet of article about how there only one Asian in the NBA and how that not c "
" I agree 100% wish people would just refer to themselves as Americans rather than African-Americans "
" huge advantage Japan gives us is that the Chinese look at baseball as an Asian sport, not an American spo "
" : Toads ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !  Common Toad: Duttaphrynus melanostictus Toad: Anaxyrus americanus "
" : yea unless ur european, south + southwest asian, south american or african "
" : Represented Indian Youth Congress at International forums:*American council for young political leaders - 2006 - United"
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
" : Let us take a moment to reflect on the fact that so far we have many women, African Americans, an Asian American, a Latino"
" : Yes! In the new national data set I can separate lynchings of Blacks from those of other racial/ethnic groups: Asian (main"
" : We are a movement of diverse citizen activists. Activists who are African-American, Asian-American and Hispanic American. Vetera"
" : Unrelated to anything, should I write a piece asking the rest of this country to please stop calling Asian American women adora"
"It's been wonderful meeting so many Asian American law students on this path who want to incorporate ideas of equit "
"  What about Asian and south Asian kids, though? Why are they flourishing? It a big ole wrenc "
"  What about Asian and south Asian kids, though? Why are they flourishing? It a big ole wrenc "
" : Hi #TRANSMASCAISTS ! My name is Anke, I'm an illustrator, and after almost a year, I've finally made my BFA thesis proj"
"    What about Asian and south Asian kids, though? Why are they flourishing? It "
"At the moment the alt-right is big on this Asian-American politician called Yang...There's so much weird, coded st "
"  What about Asian and south Asian kids, though? Why are they flourishing? It a big o "
" : More Yellow Rose news! "
" : So much of Asian American discourse is focused on domestic individual rights and social status advancement and strangely"
" : Yo white is not like... a slur, German, are all ethnicities. Lots of ethnicities are under the umbrella of whit"
" : Olly and Sam: Sapphic couple(Jordan) part Asian and Maia: black leads :American/Lebanese/Mexican out of 8"
" : yea unless ur european, south + southwest asian, south american or african "
"In conclusion, this isn't something all women can relate to, &amp; I regret presnting it that way. It's exclusively a "
" Debating Trump 2020.It's going to be really easy on the debate stage when they hit me w nonsense a "
"#WomensHistoryMonth In 2017, Kamala D. Harris was sworn in as a #US Senator for #California, the second African-Ame "
" : Let us take a moment to reflect on the fact that so far we have many women, African Americans, an Asian American, a Latino"
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
" : american men continue to visit southeast asia to patronize its sex industry which exploits young southeast asian women, man"
" : We are a movement of diverse citizen activists. Activists who are African-American, Asian-American and Hispanic American. Vetera"
"#legend. So delighted to be part of a community that represents so many nations: African, West and Eastern European "
" : Hi friends,  nurtures artists + was the love of my friend Katherine Min's  life + she was the love of"
" :  UN focus on Diversity &amp; rights of Minorities is a plan to fracture, factionalise &amp; undermine Western Demo"
"Olly and Sam: Sapphic couple(Jordan) part Asian and Maia: black leads :American/Lebanese/Mexican "
"We are a movement of diverse citizen activists. Activists who are African-American, Asian-American and Hispanic Ame "
" : Why do we have: Americans Americans American NO CAUCASIAN AMERICAN... CALLED PREJUDICE..."
"Let us take a moment to reflect on the fact that so far we have many women, African Americans, an Asian American, a "
" : Why Asian-American rock band The Slants fought for their name - South China Morning Post "
" : Why The Slants, an Asian-American band, took the fight for their name to the US Supreme Court "
"Grateful for this extended feature in South China Morning Post on our band's art + activism. If you'd like some ins "
"   I have a lot of Co workers who have worked in European, Asian and American u "
" : Hi #TRANSMASCAISTS ! My name is Anke, I'm an illustrator, and after almost a year, I've finally made my BFA thesis proj"
""
" : In a community that is 33% Hispanic ,16% Asian, and 7% African American, that is a REALLY FUCKING WHITE crowd. "
"   Society seems to believe BLK AMERICAN PPL get into schools alot easier then "
"NZ  products have for the last decade been Asian preferred choice  Au is on the nose. buy butter in SIN..HNY..H "
"Why do we have: Americans Americans American NO CAUCASIAN AMERICAN... CALLED PREJUDIC "
" : If you read the New York Times article on how Stuyvesant HS is only 7/895th black, with its picture of Smirking White You"
" : Here's why  All the Boys I Loved Before star  takes being a role model for young girls seriously especi"
"   Yes, Daniel touches on the dilemma. Also see African and Asian American. "
" : I've lost count of the number of times Asian American women, including me, have been called adorable in professional settings."
"Wow, , your piece was spot-on right up until the end. Are you seriously comparing Asian American students "
" : Unrelated to anything, should I write a piece asking the rest of this country to please stop calling Asian American women adora"
"STRENGTHS       Strong Brand Image: Samsung has a strong brand image and is trusted by millions for its products "
"        "
" :    I really wish we could stop the labeling like African American Asian American etc. If your Ame"
" : Stop calling Asian American women cute, adorable, fairy-like, pixies, and all those other weird and racist things you wan"
"Drunk me loves good discourse about theatre politics. Did you say Asian AMerican RIGHTS?! Oh hai hello, am I throwi "
" : Stop calling Asian American women cute, adorable, fairy-like, pixies, and all those other weird and racist things you wan"
" : What really stands out here is the transformation of the Asian vote. #AAPIThe Asian-American community, which of course"
"   I really wish we could stop the labeling like African American Asian American etc. If "
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
" : Hi #TRANSMASCAISTS ! My name is Anke, I'm an illustrator, and after almost a year, I've finally made my BFA thesis proj"
" : Me, a China writer having lived in both America and China:  racism in China but nobody ever talks about it-Ame"
" : american men continue to visit southeast asia to patronize its sex industry which exploits young southeast asian women, man"
" : Yes! In the new national data set I can separate lynchings of Blacks from those of other racial/ethnic groups: Asian (main"
" : Why diversity matters in comics: so you can see Asian American superheroes fighting over the restaurant check. Thanks, "
" : Represented Indian Youth Congress at International forums:*American council for young political leaders - 2006 - United"
" : yea unless ur european, south + southwest asian, south american or african "
" : Honored to serve as a leadership mentor for Asian-American USNA Midshipmen and USMA Cadets event tonight. Tonight focuse"
" : Meet the Commission: The Honorable Meng H. Lim, Tallapoosa Circuit Superior Court, Tallapoosa, Georgia. In 2014, Judge. Lim mad"
" : The consumer buying power of minority groups in the United States continues to rise, with the largest percentage increases"
"  HOW ? IF VARSITY RACIAL ADMISSION QUOTAS ARE IN PLACE ..U MUST BE BLACK TO GET IN O "
"This is facts. American men are the biggest supporters of the industry and it is sickening. Most of the victims are "
"   Harry shum Jr  Chinese  Well known Asian-American Has previous martial arts expe "
"Stop calling Asian American women cute, adorable, fairy-like, pixies, and all those other weird and racist things y "
"How casual racism creeps into  &amp; disrespects Asian American women professionals."
" : Unrelated to anything, should I write a piece asking the rest of this country to please stop calling Asian American women adora"
" : Here's why  All the Boys I Loved Before star  takes being a role model for young girls seriously especi"
" : REMEMBER WHOSE MONTH IT IS TO CELEBRATE !, Men, Black, Latina, Asian, M.E., Slavic, European, African, Indonesia"
""
"The consumer buying power of minority groups in the United States continues to rise, with the largest percentage in "
"Represented Indian Youth Congress at International forums:*American council for young political leaders - 2006 - "
"Hey  I sure you probably already seen this...  men don generally get elided like this. Asian "
" LOVE you all REMAINERS!TY I've marched for my two European Asian,American kids&amp;one grandson! "
" :  Do you know anything about scholarships for Asian-American students? I have a Goddaughter who is looking, who"
" : Why this Asian-American band took the fight for their name to the US Supreme Cou "
" : Why MUST they go to countries in Europe? Why can't they stay in Africa - or migrate to Middle Eastern, Asian, Central/S"
" A colleague sent this around at work. Lots of things I never thought about as a white person. "
" : || i'm all about digging a little deeper so,,,  if regine is her american name? like, most asian immigrants have the"
"   Asian Americans are mostly alright too with Korean-American Randall Park pl "
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
"If you're following this twitter, there is a chance you would be interested in the Masala Jones podcast. It's an AD "
" : Hi #TRANSMASCAISTS ! My name is Anke, I'm an illustrator, and after almost a year, I've finally made my BFA thesis proj"
"|| i'm all about digging a little deeper so,,,  if regine is her american name? like, most asian immigrants h "
" : yea unless ur european, south + southwest asian, south american or african "
" : Artist Gang-Hyuk Lim and I are teaming Marvel's greatest Asian American superheroes up with Marvel's awesome new Asian charact"
" : american men continue to visit southeast asia to patronize its sex industry which exploits young southeast asian women, man"
"american tv show producer: so we've got the ruler of the earth kingdom. what do we name him: what if we tak "
"Why this Asian-American band took the fight for their name to the US Supreme Cou "
" : 9th Circuit nom Kenneth Lee discusses writings from the 90s on affirmative action. He says that there was a concern in t"
" : Here's why  All the Boys I Loved Before star  takes being a role model for young girls seriously especi"
" : We're 10% away from our goal  We're so excited to see this zine come to life! 10 more days, come support us and join us"
" : An inconvenient truth for neolibs to digest... received more votes from young people  black, white, Latino,"
" : Unrelated to anything, should I write a piece asking the rest of this country to please stop calling Asian American women adora"
"just remembered mina american name is sharon.. No words maam"
"yea unless ur european, south + southwest asian, south american or african "
" : Me, a China writer having lived in both America and China:  racism in China but nobody ever talks about it-Ame"
" : Democrats love to throw the word  at President Trump, but there no way around the facts: low:- Afric"
"  What were your experiences like while starting your success as an Asian-American actress/art "
" : To mark Women History Month  we give props to eight Asian-American pioneers who became heroines in their respective f"
" : To mark Women History Month  we give props to eight Asian-American pioneers who became heroines in their respective"
" : It's about time.   Fong Eu, the 1st Asian American in the U.S. to serve in a state Legislature, will have the secreta"
"To mark Women History Month  we give props to eight Asian-American pioneers who became heroines in their respect "
"To mark Women History Month  we give props to eight Asian-American pioneers who became heroines in their respect "
"To mark Women History Month  we give props to eight Asian-American pioneers who became heroines in their respect "
"To mark Women History Month  we give props to eight Asian-American pioneers who became heroines in their respect "
" I be a bit bias because of my Latin roots; so I say that both Asian &amp; Latin  music rock far b "
"Cool David L. Hu by NHK, a very good educational MIT Chinese/Asian American scientist on Math and Animals/Biology.. "
" So after brexit will we be Asian, American or African? Should we have people's vote to decide?"
"An inconvenient truth for neolibs to digest... received more votes from young people  black, white, Lati "
" Jackie Robinson became the 1st republican to play in major leagues? Republican party had the 1st Asian Am "
" : I've made a small cookbook with some of the recipes I've made over the years. The dishes and cocktails "
" : Why diversity matters in comics: so you can see Asian American superheroes fighting over the restaurant check. Thanks, "
" :   It's not just white countries, it Arab countries, it Asian countries, its Latin American countries,"
" Lovely! I half Ukrainian 1/4 Puerto Rican and 1/8 East Asian and I call mysel a Ukrainian-American  "
" Because ISU never favors asian skater. Well it's exceptional if it's asian descendants who live as amer "
" How blissfully ignorant. Building trade relations takes time. What do you have to offer the people of th "
"     Kuwaiti 28%, other Arab 27.9%, Asian(mostly south) "
" :   Asian American  "
" : American plan for a South Asian  in Rohingyaland (II) "
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
" : Honored to serve as a leadership mentor for Asian-American USNA Midshipmen and USMA Cadets event tonight. Tonight focuse"
" : Yo white is not like... a slur, German, are all ethnicities. Lots of ethnicities are under the umbrella of whit"
"9.lehigh  white dominant school  people  asian   "
" : american men continue to visit southeast asia to patronize its sex industry which exploits young southeast asian women, man"
" : In a community that is 33% Hispanic ,16% Asian, and 7% African American, that is a REALLY FUCKING WHITE crowd. "
" : Hi #TRANSMASCAISTS ! My name is Anke, I'm an illustrator, and after almost a year, I've finally made my BFA thesis proj"
" : Why diversity matters in comics: so you can see Asian American superheroes fighting over the restaurant check. Thanks, "
"we are a black and asian lesbians. our situations is worse since we don't have any white power or american power."
"Why Asian-American rock band The Slants fought for their name - South China Morning Post "
"I don care if you White, Black, Hispanic, Asian, Indian, Mixed race, Jewish, Christian, Muslim, or Atheist... "
" : When visiting someone sick: :  you speedy recovery.:  well soon:  my GOD! I k"
" : Calling Asian American women adorable is  acceptable variety of racism, one that dresses up its violence in praise. WHEW."
" : Here's why  All the Boys I Loved Before star  takes being a role model for young girls seriously especi"
" : I've lost count of the number of times Asian American women, including me, have been called adorable in professional settings."
" : Unrelated to anything, should I write a piece asking the rest of this country to please stop calling Asian American women adora"
" : It's about time.   Fong Eu, the 1st Asian American in the U.S. to serve in a state Legislature, will have the secreta"
" Goddamn this is gross. It's already bad enough that the Asian American diaspora is so fractured, too."
" : Stealing this idea from   I need to follow more Asian and Asian American socialists. Please tweet at me"
" : Why MUST they go to countries in Europe? Why can't they stay in Africa - or migrate to Middle Eastern, Asian, Central/S"
" Lady I know ur in own incel mode but let's be real here the people you were originally arguing with "
" :   It really should be celebrated, to have an Asian (American) in the NBA!"
"ponakan2 gw beda 3~5 taonan doang sama gw, ganteng2 lagi gilak. muka khas Asian-American gitu, pdhl emak bapaknya k "
"Oh, just two Asian-American witches talking about magic and tarot  Part 1 of interview with  Full : "
" : Some Asian American allies that have held me down, past &amp; present, in the fight against anti-black racism in our communiti"
" : Asian American allies against anti-black racism- can y'all shout yourselves out or shout out your besties right now? Would"
" : This Women History Month, we recognizing trailblazing Asian American women who are leading and influencing social justice"
" : #MuellerTime Now is the time for any patriotic American to help  continue to make this country greater than its"
" : To celebrate  being 10(1!)% funded, I thought I'd post a small sneak peak of my comic for the project. I'm"
"     But they come from all ethnicities. Some are As "
" : american men continue to visit southeast asia to patronize its sex industry which exploits young southeast asian women, man"
"Practicing Ambivalence: Taiko, White Women, and Asian American Performance, April 4 at Pitt. "
" : In a community that is 33% Hispanic ,16% Asian, and 7% African American, that is a REALLY FUCKING WHITE crowd. "
" : In case you haven't noticed , you are a very good example of what a failed education system has produced. pe"
"and examine Black, White, Latino, Asian, Native American/Alaska Native s, Hawaiian/Pacific Islanders relationships "
" Lol I am not surprised, typical Asian American complaining about the pronunciation of  Khaan "
"Immigration drama 'Yellow Rose' wants to diversify Asian-American stories in Hollywood "
" : Hi #TRANSMASCAISTS ! My name is Anke, I'm an illustrator, and after almost a year, I've finally made my BFA thesis proj"
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
" : Why MUST they go to countries in Europe? Why can't they stay in Africa - or migrate to Middle Eastern, Asian, Central/S"
" : When visiting someone sick: :  you speedy recovery.:  well soon:  my GOD! I k"
"Educational inequality in schools: 600 High Schools in NYC, 70% students Black/Hispanic, 15% White, 15% Asian Ameri "
"i wanna support this but... but money TT TT://t.co/WeNPh9wYVz"
""
" : It's about time.   Fong Eu, the 1st Asian American in the U.S. to serve in a state Legislature, will have the secreta"
" : There power in claiming an identity, saying:  can use this against me. This belongs to me. When you are very deli"
"We never said something that made you feel like you are being disrespected about who u stan with. Bc we dgaf. Wheth "
"Also this whole thing reminds me of something: my whole life I had Indian people  me for Indian-America "
" Nice ang Newsroom, tho nai parts na too gud to be true. And the racial stereotype. Sloan being Asi "
" : More Yellow Rose news! "
" : Amazing news! Boxed  was just selected by American Asian Latino Film Festival NYC via "
" One head turning Asian-American absolute beauty (39 Photos)  "
"Killer Charles Ng 5/8 | Asian American Tea | GoldSea://t.co/CIDv0nhtAI"
" Okay so I just looked up the  races  and the definitions) American Indian or Alaska Native) "
" : Unrelated to anything, should I write a piece asking the rest of this country to please stop calling Asian American women adora"
"In a community that is 33% Hispanic ,16% Asian, and 7% African American, that is a REALLY FUCKING WHITE crowd. "
" : Dear black Americans... Hispanic Americans... white Americans... Asian Americans... gay Americans... straight American"
" : Maybe it just Globalist me, but I really hate the fact that people from other countries, especially from Asian countries,"
" : Me, a China writer having lived in both America and China:  racism in China but nobody ever talks about it-Ame"
"Great school, but almost all of the African American history courses are taught by non-Black people. African Americ "
" : At a loss for words but thank you so much   for the shoutout and for listening to my mixes! You contin"
" : Yo white is not like... a slur, German, are all ethnicities. Lots of ethnicities are under the umbrella of whit"
"    Your Where's Waldo ability doesnt change the fact that Be "
"I have a running joke with close Asian-American writer friends that if we have never been called by each other n "
"It's not hard to imagine different population groups responding differently to various teaching methods.  And an an "
" : Me, a China writer having lived in both America and China:  racism in China but nobody ever talks about it-Ame"
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
"    Also in 2016 he had more African American, Latinx, Asian and N "
" : Hi #TRANSMASCAISTS ! My name is Anke, I'm an illustrator, and after almost a year, I've finally made my BFA thesis proj"
" : Unrelated to anything, should I write a piece asking the rest of this country to please stop calling Asian American women adora"
" : Why diversity matters in comics: so you can see Asian American superheroes fighting over the restaurant check. Thanks, "
" : Mark your calendars part of our #AsianInAmerica series  and  join us on June 17 to discuss"
" : Figured instead of just shouting at the void I'd throw some pictures at the void. Here's some documentation photos of my"
"Calling Asian American women adorable is  acceptable variety of racism, one that dresses up its violence in prai "
" : Asian American allies against anti-black racism- can y'all shout yourselves out or shout out your besties right now? Would"
"double major in feminist studies and asian american studies "
" : american men continue to visit southeast asia to patronize its sex industry which exploits young southeast asian women, man"
" : Last night I sat up up late and watched COINTELPRO 101 on NF. It highlighted how the F.B.I. and the C.I.A. systematically"
" : It's about time.   Fong Eu, the 1st Asian American in the U.S. to serve in a state Legislature, will have the secreta"
" : Why MUST they go to countries in Europe? Why can't they stay in Africa - or migrate to Middle Eastern, Asian, Central/S"
" :   It's not just white countries, it Arab countries, it Asian countries, its Latin American countries,"
" : Are you hungry? We definitely are! And luckily we have our tote designed by Seattle artist Monyee Chau, a queer Asian A"
" Funny you post this. I just talked with one of my buddies at  .  She told me a woman came in a "
" : Here's why  All the Boys I Loved Before star  takes being a role model for young girls seriously especi"
" Wow! They look a lot like my great grandmother (except younger). I met her before she died three year "
" : EEEEE  has hit 100% funded! Thank you so so much everyone for bringing this project to life's still 9 days"
"I must say I agree. Asian music rules  And this is coming from an American with no Asian roots whatsoever  "
"There power in claiming an identity, saying:  can use this against me. This belongs to me. When you are v "
"   I don't particularly like the program but as an asian-american I don't f "
" Asian American psychoanalytic thinkers are my fave psychoanalytic thinkers! David Eng but also Siann "
"Honored to serve as a leadership mentor for Asian-American USNA Midshipmen and USMA Cadets event tonight. Tonight f "
" : this piece by  made me feel seen in a way i could never have put into words myself. it nails to the page exactl"
" : Some Asian American allies that have held me down, past &amp; present, in the fight against anti-black racism in our communiti"
" : The Slants: Asian-American band who took the fight for their name to the US Supreme Court "
"Immigration drama 'Yellow Rose' wants to diversify Asian-American stories in Hollywood "
"The Slants: Asian-American band who took the fight for their name to the US Supreme Court "
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
" : american men continue to visit southeast asia to patronize its sex industry which exploits young southeast asian women, man"
" : The Hargreeves and where they're from based (mostly) on their names:-Luther ~ USA-Diego ~ Spain or Mexico-Allison"
" :  hope is to help diversify the types of stories being told about Asian Americans in Hollywood and the value we can"
" My 21 year old white, blonde daughter - for Spring Break -on her own, flew to Seattle, then bus to Va "
"If you'd say, you r white, black, Asian,American,Ethiopian, Chinese,Indian,Christian,Jew, Muslim,Hindu, Buddhist , "
" : The consumer buying power of minority groups in the United States continues to rise, with the largest percentage increases"
" : American Buddhist lineages have come a long way from their traditional Asian influences. Religious studies professor Dr. A"
"  Remember this bit of history? 1933, FDR? This is an ongoing coup d'tat to prevent th "
"  Asian? I had assumed he was a Native American... and google tells me he's Maori."
" : Me, a China writer having lived in both America and China:  racism in China but nobody ever talks about it-Ame"
"Cilla's dad is based on my own dad, who pursued theater despite family disapproval. He was one of the 1st Asian Ame "
" : Unrelated to anything, should I write a piece asking the rest of this country to please stop calling Asian American women adora"
"I an Asian American graduate of Brooklyn Tech. Please don use me as a wedge in your education lawsuit. "
"not having any culture fucking sucks yo like being a white american whos native language is english is so dull and "
" : Hi #TRANSMASCAISTS ! My name is Anke, I'm an illustrator, and after almost a year, I've finally made my BFA thesis proj"
" Would if you took 23&amp;me and you did have 25% Asian/Native American tho? But Icelandic and other north "
" : Need something to read on the bus/plane/train to your spring break destination? In this week's scrutiny  &amp; Letit"
" : Here's why  All the Boys I Loved Before star  takes being a role model for young girls seriously especi"
" : At a loss for words but thank you so much   for the shoutout and for listening to my mixes! You contin"
"Here's why  All the Boys I Loved Before star LanaCondor takes being a role model for young girls seriously "
" TAKE ASIAN AMERICAN WOMEN SERIOUSLY -my TED Talk "
"Immigration drama 'Yellow Rose' wants to diversify Asian-American stories in Hollywood "
"Look, I *love* Benedict Cumberbatch. I would *not* have cast him as Doctor Strange, however, because I'd rather see "
" : As educators, we must unlearn the biased, simplistic beliefs that we might hold about what it means to be Asian American"
"Here's why  All the Boys I Loved Before star  takes being a role model for young girls seriously "
" : Toads ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !  Common Toad: Duttaphrynus melanostictus Toad: Anaxyrus americanus "
"Oooh and I know lots about South Asian American media representation in the 2000s "
" : Yes! In the new national data set I can separate lynchings of Blacks from those of other racial/ethnic groups: Asian (main"
"   Both the opposite of Trump - an Asian-American who understands math, and a gay "
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
"#goodtimes had and #smart #lessons learned today at  #Empower2019. #Asian #entertainment #creative "
" :  hope is to help diversify the types of stories being told about Asian Americans in Hollywood and the value we can"
" : american men continue to visit southeast asia to patronize its sex industry which exploits young southeast asian women, man"
"  We stan a proud Asian American woman"
" Also imma need you to come at any Native American, Latino, or Asian pastors as well tiger"
" : Why diversity matters in comics: so you can see Asian American superheroes fighting over the restaurant check. Thanks, "
" Congratulations to this young man for getting into Stuyvesant! Bravo! This article exposes how little peopl "
" : EEEEE  has hit 100% funded! Thank you so so much everyone for bringing this project to life's still 9 days"
"  Thanks for erasing all of us Latinos and  our black, Asian American, native American and "
" Crazy great economy , lowest ever Minority unemployment ,Blacks , Hispanic , Asian , Native American , H "
" : At a loss for words but thank you so much   for the shoutout and for listening to my mixes! You contin"
" : Toads ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !  Common Toad: Duttaphrynus melanostictus Toad: Anaxyrus americanus "
"  Everything is stacked against Lim Eun-Soo, bc she's Asian, bc she's not American while that other "
" : I'm honored to be featured with these other amazing Asian American women leaders! Thanks  for inviting me to be a part o"
"  It wasn't a collision. The white girl was behind her and skated up her. Plus there were months of "
" Everyone I know that Southeast Asian American prefers Popeye, and the standard reason is that  cr "
" : Hi #TRANSMASCAISTS ! My name is Anke, I'm an illustrator, and after almost a year, I've finally made my BFA thesis proj"
" : this piece by  made me feel seen in a way i could never have put into words myself. it nails to the page exactl"
" : Senator Tammy Duckworth was the first Asian-American woman to represent Illinois in Congress. Duckworth is a retired U.S."
"But we should never look at racism only to shrug and say  goes. It makes me so angry to read that the hi "
" : Unrelated to anything, should I write a piece asking the rest of this country to please stop calling Asian American women adora"
" All you people do is try to divide us. You make sure everyone is in seperate groups, African American "
" : American Buddhist lineages have come a long way from their traditional Asian influences. Religious studies professor Dr. A"
"  Tell me if/ when  running on behalf of Asian American, that will be truly major."
" HAVE ALL THE DEMOLIBS LOST THEIR BALLS? DO THEY THINK EVERY WHITE AMERICAN HAS TO APOLOGIZE FOR BEING AME "
"Me, a China writer having lived in both America and China:  racism in China but nobody ever talks about it "
" : To celebrate  being 10(1!)% funded, I thought I'd post a small sneak peak of my comic for the project. I'm"
"Watch the  beat  here in #WashingtonDC  Arena. Box Seats complements of "
"  I was really inspired by all of the Asian American creative talent! Thanks for the invitat "
" : I want to see Asian American women supporting each other by retweeting, shouting out &amp; opening doors for one another. That"
"Black kpop stans:  black ppl: oH mY gOD sO yOu hAte yoUr race now?You wanna be white/Asian so bad? You bl "
"SASA Formals Found To Divide, Rather Than Unite, South Asian-American Communites://t.co/6Jnwp1ZpQ4 "
" : It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titled Stop Cal"
"  We are definitely not talking about it. Nor about Andrew Yang, the only Asian American runnin "
" : Hi #TRANSMASCAISTS ! My name is Anke, I'm an illustrator, and after almost a year, I've finally made my BFA thesis proj"
" : american men continue to visit southeast asia to patronize its sex industry which exploits young southeast asian women, man"
"Three in four Stuyvesant students self-identify as Asian-American. This isn't your standard 1970s Bronx Burning c "
" a Filipina American, I feel like we are mostly invisible as a subset of Asian Americans. Filipinos have played "
" : Asian American allies against anti-black racism- can y'all shout yourselves out or shout out your besties right now? Would"
" We are in the start/midst of the Asian Centuries..so to the victor go the spoils. When you rule you call "
" : Yes! In the new national data set I can separate lynchings of Blacks from those of other racial/ethnic groups: Asian (main"
" : this piece by  made me feel seen in a way i could never have put into words myself. it nails to the page exactl"
" : Unrelated to anything, should I write a piece asking the rest of this country to please stop calling Asian American women adora"
" : To celebrate  being 10(1!)% funded, I thought I'd post a small sneak peak of my comic for the project. I'm"
"this piece by  made me feel seen in a way i could never have put into words myself. it nails to the page exa "
" : I've lost count of the number of times Asian American women, including me, have been called adorable in professional settings."
" : Here's why  All the Boys I Loved Before star  takes being a role model for young girls seriously especi"
" : Listen to  and I beat everyone to a pulp on the special #SXSW Asian American trivia quiz show on ."
" : Some Asian American allies that have held me down, past &amp; present, in the fight against anti-black racism in our communiti"
"Why MUST they go to countries in Europe? Why can't they stay in Africa - or migrate to Middle Eastern, Asian, Centr "
"It's up! At the ! This tweet led to an opinion piece about racism against Asian American women, &amp; it's titl "
"But Latam, Asian and Australian crowds &gt; European and American crowds "
"i used to get made fun of for being asian american but i not even asian....at all"
" : At a loss for words but thank you so much   for the shoutout and for listening to my mixes! You contin"
"  ooh hey im super intrigued w that summary! as a chinese american trans guy, would "
" : Here's why  All the Boys I Loved Before star  takes being a role model for young girls seriously especi"
" It was inspiring meeting so many Asian American creatives!"
" : To celebrate  being 10(1!)% funded, I thought I'd post a small sneak peak of my comic for the project. I'm"
"At a loss for words but thank you so much   for the shoutout and for listening to my mixes! Yo "
" : american men continue to visit southeast asia to patronize its sex industry which exploits young southeast asian women, man"
" Do you know anything about scholarships for Asian-American students? I have a Goddaughter who is lookin "
" : It's about time.   Fong Eu, the 1st Asian American in the U.S. to serve in a state Legislature, will have the secreta"
" : American Buddhist lineages have come a long way from their traditional Asian influences. Religious studies professor Dr. A"
"It's about time.   Fong Eu, the 1st Asian American in the U.S. to serve in a state Legislature, will have th "
"Donald J Trump Coalition to Asian American "
" u dumb fk that obsessed about Russiagate for 2 years while we tried to tell you it was all lies, ignoring "
"Why The Slants, an Asian-American band, took the fight for their name to the US Supreme Court "
" : Hi #TRANSMASCAISTS ! My name is Anke, I'm an illustrator, and after almost a year, I've finally made my BFA thesis proj"
"  Not very black, but also not very white. or African American 6.7% or Lat "
"Asian (specifically Japanese) people were put in American internment camps during the civil war. Do you even know a "
" : Asian American allies against anti-black racism- can y'all shout yourselves out or shout out your besties right now? Would"
"To celebrate  being 10(1!)% funded, I thought I'd post a small sneak peak of my comic for the project "
"Had a gentlad get outraged at me for identifying as Asian American."
"This Asian American Veteran wanted to Attend but had to work 12 hours. I donated $27.00 to his campaign instead. "
"Why Asian-American rock band The Slants fought for their name "
"The Gathering is a space for Asian Pacific American spirituality hosted by the Episcopal Church. It seeks to provid "
"Thank You to the NOVA Black Attys Assoc , Young Lawyers Section of the Fairfax Bar Assoc , Hi "
" : It is a tough but valuable lesson for Asian American voters to learn. You can get taken in by racial tokenism of Dems and"
" I really wish we could all just say we're Americans. Honor your heritage but we need to stop with Asi "
" : It is so isolating to be fighting for my Asian American people to confront their anti-blackness/racism, to have white ppl"
" : Toads ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !  Common Toad: Duttaphrynus melanostictus Toad: Anaxyrus americanus "
"Jeremy Lin:  definitely some bittersweetness to my career "
" I took a multi ethnic Asian American class and we deadass talked about how hot HAPAs are for a week"
"American Buddhist lineages have come a long way from their traditional Asian influences. Religious studies professo "
" : ....The fact is that African/American unemployment is now the lowest in the history of our country. Same with Asian, H"
" : Why diversity matters in comics: so you can see Asian American superheroes fighting over the restaurant check. Thanks, "
"Wow.  I, an Asian American, took the SHSAT and MCAT, it wasn't because it wanted to have a career as a physic "
" : In case you haven't noticed , you are a very good example of what a failed education system has produced. pe"
" : I want to see Asian American women supporting each other by retweeting, shouting out &amp; opening doors for one another. That"
" : Yes! In the new national data set I can separate lynchings of Blacks from those of other racial/ethnic groups: Asian (main"
" : north american figure skaters be like one time I slit my competitor's throat with my blade in the middle of a warm up she"
"Me: Mostly Asian countries. Went to the States a couple times. Guy 1: South America, mostly. This is m "
"   The only colors I see is, RED WHITE AND BLUE . Democrats bring hate it "
"  Don't forget the black Americans are not the only ones...We must include; / "
"      Do Asian American taxpayers owe you mone "
" : Hi #TRANSMASCAISTS ! My name is Anke, I'm an illustrator, and after almost a year, I've finally made my BFA thesis proj"
"Yo white is not like... a slur, German, are all ethnicities. Lots of ethnicities are under the umbrella of "
" : Why diversity matters in comics: so you can see Asian American superheroes fighting over the restaurant check. Thanks, "
" : american men continue to visit southeast asia to patronize its sex industry which exploits young southeast asian women, man"
" : Asian American allies against anti-black racism- can y'all shout yourselves out or shout out your besties right now? Would"
"Reading and listening to other people's stories about the multitudes of their own identity framed within the questi "
"      His catalog is available to the "
" : #YellowRose, starring Eva Noblezada and Lea Salonga, is the first-ever Filipina-American film opening night presentatio"
" : Unrelated to anything, should I write a piece asking the rest of this country to please stop calling Asian American women adora"
"The #DelhiCrime drama series is now available on Netflix. Indian Canadian director Richie Mehta focuses on the soci "
"(Yes, I am aware that the dude was the DP on the first film but...no, wait. He was the DP. He suddenly graduates to "
"      Michael Jackson had a 3 weeks b "
"  So Brexiteers wanting to embrace a global world are racist, but the protectionist EU that d "
" : Toads ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !  Common Toad: Duttaphrynus melanostictus Toad: Anaxyrus americanus "
" : The sequel to #ToAllTheBoysIveLovedBefore will have a white man direct a film about Asian American girls. Why couldn't they g"
" : Yes! In the new national data set I can separate lynchings of Blacks from those of other racial/ethnic groups: Asian (main"
"  Ixalan is very clearly based on South American history, between the Spanish Conquistadors, "
"     I am always reticent when it comes to admissions systems that con "
"Hey Titans! In April and May, Cal State Fullerton will host events in honor of Asian Pacific Islander Desi American "
"Hi #TRANSMASCAISTS ! My name is Anke, I'm an illustrator, and after almost a year, I've finally made my BFA thesi "
" I pass for white and I pass for straight despite being a mixed race lesbian, so while I identify myself "
" Many countries where built on horrible events. I'm an Asian, raised in Middle East (which is still op "
"It is a well-known fact that American children perform poorly in international educational tests where they come be "
"  I am my own least favorite Asian American socialist on this site"
" : Stealing this idea from   I need to follow more Asian and Asian American socialists. Please tweet at me"
" : I an Asian American graduate of Brooklyn Tech. Please don use me as a wedge in your education lawsuit. Great 1st person"
" : I'm Jenn, an Asian American concept artist + illustrator. Love working with fantastical characters, environments, &amp; ink! #"
" Yeah Asian American SoJu is in now. Bunch of useless tools for sure. I am sick and tired of sticking "
"Stealing this idea from   I need to follow more Asian and Asian American socialists. Please tweet "
" : I was on a set where the Asian American cast got together to ask the showrunner to remove an unnecessary racial slur from t"
"We call on the Arab, African and Asian rulers to unite and establish a common market and withdraw their assets from "
" : Asian American allies against anti-black racism- can y'all shout yourselves out or shout out your besties right now? Would"
" : Maybe it just Globalist me, but I really hate the fact that people from other countries, especially from Asian countries,"
" : Some Asian American allies that have held me down, past &amp; present, in the fight against anti-black racism in our communiti"
" : Your To Do:. Follow  . Follow the others in this thread. . Learn about Asian American anti-blackness and"
" :   Are you kidding? I given millions of jobs to poor Asian children, provided affordable hou"
" : american men continue to visit southeast asia to patronize its sex industry which exploits young southeast asian women, man"
" : Yes! In the new national data set I can separate lynchings of Blacks from those of other racial/ethnic groups: Asian (main"
"The legends are here ! Asian American actors from all generations!      "
" : Why diversity matters in comics: so you can see Asian American superheroes fighting over the restaurant check. Thanks, "
"Yes! In the new national data set I can separate lynchings of Blacks from those of other racial/ethnic groups: Asia "
" : I was on a set where the Asian American cast got together to ask the showrunner to remove an unnecessary racial slur from t"
"Yesterday, the website of Psychology Today allowed an evolutionary psychologist named Satoshi Kanazawa to post a se "
" : USA has a huge soccer culture, but it's scattered and somewhat hidden. People think that the white/suburban/ crowd represen"
"  Not to be mean, just because you're a girl, doesnt mean you can say the N word, its offensiv "
"I was on a set where the Asian American cast got together to ask the showrunner to remove an unnecessary racial slu "
"Hey our Asian Pacific American actors are here at #empower2019 with    "
" : There were no Film and TV roles for me as an Asian American actor, so I did a lot of plays for the first 12 years in New Yo"
" : Racist #PREDNA bills are purposefully targeting the reproductive rights of Asian-American women. On #112BK, host "
"There were no Film and TV roles for me as an Asian American actor, so I did a lot of plays for the first 12 years i "
" Just for instance, in an industry heavy with Asian and Asian-American musicians, there are nearly no Asian "
" :  hope is to help diversify the types of stories being told about Asian Americans in Hollywood and the value we can"
"Immigration drama 'Yellow Rose' wants to diversify Asian-American stories in Hollywood "
" : The sequel to #ToAllTheBoysIveLovedBefore will have a white man direct a film about Asian American girls. Why couldn't they g"
"Needed to read this today. 5 Asian American Women Who Are Leading and Influencing Social Justice Movements in Calif "
" : Asian Americans: ..our struggles are being distorted and weaponized.. #refusetobeused #wewillnotbeused #notyourwedge https:"
"The Slants: Asian-American band who took the fight for their name to the US Supreme Court "
" :  One thing I have noticed in London is that we see many American tourists but no Afro-Americans or Asian-Ame"
"#aadp at the #philippines #nurses association of #arizona #homecoming #2019 bringing awareness for the "
"Shared so many details of experience as a 2nd gen Asian American w/ the protagonist from Severance, a novel I reall "
"  I remember being asked to be in the photo shoot for an Ohio medical school brochure because I "
" SAY THAT! I'm here and ready for more of this advocacy. INCREDIBLY inspired by the recent wave of disc "
" : Unrelated to anything, should I write a piece asking the rest of this country to please stop calling Asian American women adora"
" :   It's not just white countries, it Arab countries, it Asian countries, its Latin American countries,"
"Asian American Greeks need to do a better job with expansion :( most schools are lucky if there even ONE Asian Gr "
"  Black Ramen. A white guy steals another role from an Asian American. SMH."
" Republicans need some dynamic young Asian-American leaders. They are out there - time to find and promote them."
"    According to Marama, those of European, Asian, Slavi "
"It is a tough but valuable lesson for Asian American voters to learn. You can get taken in by racial tokenism of De "
" Yet another Asian that absolutely hates Trump.  Is their an Asian American that likes Trump?"
" seek Natives?  associated with fetishes, such as long hair, exotic looks that sex patrons perceive as A "
"I love asian american fusion "
" : It is so isolating to be fighting for my Asian American people to confront their anti-blackness/racism, to have white ppl"
"Because most cyberpunk only show Asian or American iconography I wanna know what other cultures in cyberpunk settin "
"NEW research shows that the risks of death from heart disease and stroke vary among Asian American subgroups, with "
"In which industries do Asian American women face the highest ethnic and gender stereotyping? "
" :  hope is to help diversify the types of stories being told about Asian Americans in Hollywood and the value we can"
" : american men continue to visit southeast asia to patronize its sex industry which exploits young southeast asian women, man"
" : Why diversity matters in comics: so you can see Asian American superheroes fighting over the restaurant check. Thanks, "
" : It is so isolating to be fighting for my Asian American people to confront their anti-blackness/racism, to have white ppl"
" : Maybe it just Globalist me, but I really hate the fact that people from other countries, especially from Asian countries,"
"  Unfortunately we do not have the independence. We are subservient to American foreig "
" : I'm honored to be featured with these other amazing Asian American women leaders! Thanks  for inviting me to be a part o"
" : .#GSSummit19 speaker  has broken barriers, serving as the 2nd woman and 1st Asian American chair for "
" : Come and join us at the forum with    and Sujata Murthy ,Senior Vice President   ! Lis"
"Come and join us at the forum with    and Sujata Murthy ,Senior Vice President   "
" : For those that came to the Asian-American panel this morning: This is what I do with .  of these days I'm"
" Generally speaking Asian sun screens are more advanced than American sun screens because they are regula "
" : Year 3 (?) of doing Asian-American panels at #C2E2 with these lovely folks.* Year 8 for speaking here in general. "
" : Read this paper on Asian Americans by Brookings heterogeneity among Asians.'s focus on Vietnamese Americans - tend to"
" I like #herb. I use it very rarely and lightly for creativity booster rocket. And in some other areas, "
"  Not really. Just cos the main Asian regional office is in India , they can take such a "
" I think they should be mermaids de of every race and gender. The show Siren on Freeform features a ma "
" : Hi, I edit for , and we're looking for pitches for news stories! If you're a journalist writing about Asian Ameri"
" : Was great to see at  Mayoral Control panel an Asian-American committee chairman, , grill  &amp; "
".#GSSummit19 speaker  has broken barriers, serving as the 2nd woman and 1st Asian American chair for "
" : ok the judges hates asian skaters unless youre asian but are representing an american country"
" :   It's not just white countries, it Arab countries, it Asian countries, its Latin American countries,"
" : The sequel to #ToAllTheBoysIveLovedBefore will have a white man direct a film about Asian American girls. Why couldn't they g"
"   It not even the fact that he Korean, it an asian-American actor on a bi "
" : Asian American allies against anti-black racism- can y'all shout yourselves out or shout out your besties right now? Would"
"  : which reminds me that the fortune cookies are not even a Chinese thing... they're an Asian "
" :  NICE GIRLS CREW, GRASS &amp;  my approach is creating Asian American female characters that go past the"
"     Asian Americans are projected to see their numbers drop by 50% wh "
" : 2019 Equal Pay Days 5, 2019 Asian American  2, 2019 standard recognition date in U.S. 19, 2019 White wome"
"And every single time I went to the bookstore, I saw WOC shopping in the romance section. EVERY. SINGLE. TIME.  "
" : Just attended a great panel on Moroccan female political prisoners, riots in Lyon, France, &amp; Asian-American radicals"
"asian american heritage month was fun especially when we beat up a track star with sticks "
" : This Women History Month, we recognizing trailblazing Asian American women who are leading and influencing social justice"
" : me on ellen: so i heard you love asian american women: yeah(john mulaney walks out): omg ellen you didn"
" You're not black, you're so privilege you don't even know the daily struggles of minorities in this "
"Traveled to Caribbean Islands Latin American nations watching them all nations had matching evidence all childlike "
" a Filipina American, we are mostly invisible as a subset of Asian Americans. Filipinos have played other Asians "
" got the worst note ever make the character nicer. And why should I? She going though a lot of shit.  Don "
" NICE GIRLS CREW, GRASS &amp;  my approach is creating Asian American female characters that go past "
"Ninja Clipart. Ninja boys, card making, planner stickers, embroidery, African American characters, asian, martial a "
"Just attended a great panel on Moroccan female political prisoners, riots in Lyon, France, &amp; Asian-American radical "
" THE 2 #ASIAN #GROUPS &amp; #WHITE #AMERICAN #BLUE KEEP ON SHOWING ME THAT THEY ARE WITH ME BUT I HAVE NOT S "
" My friend works closely within the Pats organization and it has been known for awhile now that Mr. Craft enjo "
"'s fs and bow makes me so proud to be asian-american (and makes him a new person for my parents to co "
" AS I #MENTIONES THAT THE 2 #ASIAN #GROUPS WORK #EQUALLY WITH #WHITE #AMERICAN #GROUP &amp; DECIDE ABOUT ANY "
" hope is to help diversify the types of stories being told about Asian Americans in Hollywood and the value we "
"My DNA report says that I'm White, Italian, Black, American Indian, German, Asian.'m not 'proud' of any of these "
"Becoming a caricature of myself was my golden ticket into their world. To be Asian American is to constantly choos "
" Wow, good. Question. As an actor it makes me cringe to imagine a middle aged white dude being on set day "
"Maybe it just Globalist me, but I really hate the fact that people from other countries, especially from Asian co "
" ok i'm european but south american and asian crowds tho!! they have powerful lungs bc no one ever goes the "
"This Women History Month, we recognizing trailblazing Asian American women who are leading and influencing soc "
" I always wonder how a country that is so racist elected an African American president - 2 times! The "
" : american men continue to visit southeast asia to patronize its sex industry which exploits young southeast asian women, man"
" : EEEEE  has hit 100% funded! Thank you so so much everyone for bringing this project to life's still 9 days"
"Spending my Saturday hanging out with elected officials in the Bay Area  because it important to build cross-reg "
" : For those that came to the Asian-American panel this morning: This is what I do with .  of these days I'm"
" : Racist #PREDNA bills are purposefully targeting the reproductive rights of Asian-American women. On #112BK, host "
"i hate how its always like asian tour, latin american tour, nothern american tour, but then europe tour is alway eu "
" : In case you haven't noticed , you are a very good example of what a failed education system has produced. pe"
" Asian American  -  on his dream passion project budget, no limitations. ( "
" : March Fong Eu was the first Asian American in the U.S to serve in a state legislature. A Democrat, she was in the Califo"
" Yes, white &amp; Asian kids are dramatically over-represented in specialized schools. (Asian-American kids ma "
" : Year 3 (?) of doing Asian-American panels at #C2E2 with these lovely folks.* Year 8 for speaking here in general. "
".  We know, from the news over the years, East Asian Children outperform American Children in, well, "
"[] A Asian American Students Association da Universidade de Massachusetts Amherst, far a sua 36 edi da  "
"that's the name literally every male Asian-american I've ever met is called "
"2019 Equal Pay Days 5, 2019 Asian American  2, 2019 standard recognition date in U.S. 19, 2019 W "
" : Non Asian/Hispanic American men and women have given up their average height global lead to the Dutch. Maybe in 2020, "
" : Why diversity matters in comics: so you can see Asian American superheroes fighting over the restaurant check. Thanks, "
"    I mean microorganism is a catchall term, does that mean it m "
" : Come to Hance Auditorium at 7 PM, this Tuesday March 26 for the annual ACAA Spring Lecture: Dr. Khyati Joshi on 'Why Asian"
"Non Asian/Hispanic American men and women have given up their average height global lead to the Dutch. Maybe in 202 "
"wow life sucks being an asian american homosexual with bad sat scores and no extracurriculars"
" : The sequel to #ToAllTheBoysIveLovedBefore will have a white man direct a film about Asian American girls. Why couldn't they g"
" : Hi, I edit for , and we're looking for pitches for news stories! If you're a journalist writing about Asian Ameri"
"*:**:* or nova ( in )/them(she/her = OK if we're Close!) "
" : . made the first South Asian American film to go to Sundance! #EMPOWER2019"
"       Actually, I rememb "
" :  India Export 2018 to:.3% : Asian Countries.3% : European Countries% : North American Countries.3% : African C"
"Yuri Kochiyama advocated for many causes because of her Japanese American family's internment. She was a mentor to "
" :  a Filipina American, I feel like we are mostly invisible as a subset of Asian Americans. Filipinos have played other Asian"
"   What if you're rich and black, Asian, native American, Latino, etc? Juror s "
". made the first South Asian American film to go to Sundance! #EMPOWER2019"
" : Steve Aoki is coming to my town in May should I go and pour my heart about how much his collab with BTS means to Asian and A"
" : It is so isolating to be fighting for my Asian American people to confront their anti-blackness/racism, to have white ppl"
"Mark your calendars part of our #AsianInAmerica series  and  join us on June 17 to dis "
"  Are you kidding? I given millions of jobs to poor Asian children, provided affordable "
" : I'm Jenn, an Asian American concept artist + illustrator. Love working with fantastical characters, environments, &amp; ink! #"
"Have you heard of Hawaiian Congresswoman Patsy Mink? She was the first non-white woman &amp; the first Asian American w "
" : Why diversity matters in comics: so you can see Asian American superheroes fighting over the restaurant check. Thanks, "
"For those that came to the Asian-American panel this morning: This is what I do with .  of these days "
" :   It's not just white countries, it Arab countries, it Asian countries, its Latin American countries,"
" very proud to be one of the only Asian-American leads on television.  "
" : american men continue to visit southeast asia to patronize its sex industry which exploits young southeast asian women, man"
"     Parenting is a significant part of student achievement. Socioeco "
" : Year 3 (?) of doing Asian-American panels at #C2E2 with these lovely folks.* Year 8 for speaking here in general. "
"Year 3 (?) of doing Asian-American panels at #C2E2 with these lovely folks.* Year 8 for speaking here in gener "
"Asian-American #Actors Are Fighting for Visibility. They Will Not Be Ignored. #Diversity #Whitewashing"
" notes that diversity initiatives should mean that Asian American writers shouldn't be limited to Asi "
" :  Please. You do know you said this out loud? is an ongoing process. Not a friggin tick in a box on a given"
" THE 2 #ASIAN #GROUPS IN #MEMPHIS WILL WORK EQUALLY WITH #WHITE #AMERICAN #GROUP,SINCE THEY KNOW ALL THE "
" Please. You do know you said this out loud? is an ongoing process. Not a friggin tick in a box o "
" Or, you know...://t.co/a4wfJD671f"
" : Huge lesson I've learned about #narcissisticleadership is it doesn't discriminate. Could be Black, White, liberal, conser"
"Alternated between screaming WHUUUUTT and NOOOOO while reading. This is like an Asian American horror story, comple "
"#ReviewRewind #CrazyRichAsians is a rom-com that reveals the universal in the specific. It works in a bit of Asian "
"Every American TV show being afraid of stereotyping their asian male characters so they dress them in Adidas and Fi "
" : EEEEE  has hit 100% funded! Thank you so so much everyone for bringing this project to life's still 9 days"
"Laureen Chew, an Asian American student at SFSU during the 1968-9 strikes and member of the Third World Liberation "
" what are your thoughts on this theory (since I pretty sure all the islam propaganda from the left i "
"heynong man, the douche and asian-american woman with feminine hips "
" I am so sorry to see this woman faced brutality at the hands of this sick individual! We should respec "
"  No it consists of personal experience as I friends with Hispanic people and their paren "
"Thanks to the Atlanta Journal-Constitution for sponsoring &amp; the Atlanta History Center for hosting the Asian Americ "
"ASIAN AMERICAN STRAW POLL(Background: While arguing about fast food rankings, I noticed that every Asian American "
"Hey #Exvies, I'm looking for resources for an #exvie friend in the Boston area, Asian-American in a Korean evangeli "
" : I love how john mulaney reminds us that he is married to a jewish woman, just so we know he keeping the jewish asian ame"
"EEEEE  has hit 100% funded! Thank you so so much everyone for bringing this project to life's s "
"    I curious: in Asia do they play mostly Asian artists in gen "
" : Hi friends,  nurtures artists + was the love of my friend Katherine Min's  life + she was the love of"
" : In case you haven't noticed , you are a very good example of what a failed education system has produced. pe"
" : ICYMI - make sure to peep the work  is doing to empower the APA vote and community in 2020 through "
" : Asian American allies against anti-black racism- can y'all shout yourselves out or shout out your besties right now? Would"
"Racist #PREDNA bills are purposefully targeting the reproductive rights of Asian-American women. On #112BK, host "
" : Asian American Girl Pin Club  #TEAMAAGC "
"Explore Asian American History in this 6-week course. You will closely review ways that gender, class, and sexualit "
" Yes you are right now. Asian Cuture &amp; Asian American Culture are competely different &amp; has different views."
""
"   I would say African American are more racist than Asian"
"Asian Pacific Islander Desi American &amp; Raza Grad Celebrations are full &amp; we took the links down.  left in B "
" THE 2 #ASIAN #GROUPS IN #MEMPHIS WORKING WITH #WHITE #AMERICAN #BLUE EQUALLY WILL #DECIDE FOR #FAIR "
" : It is so isolating to be fighting for my Asian American people to confront their anti-blackness/racism, to have white ppl"
"   Ain got nothing against Chinese men. I ain a Chinese but if you beli "
" : It okay to be white. okay to be black. okay to be Asian. okay to be Native American. okay to be fe"
" : american men continue to visit southeast asia to patronize its sex industry which exploits young southeast asian women, man"
" : Why diversity matters in comics: so you can see Asian American superheroes fighting over the restaurant check. Thanks, "
" :   I'm with you. They need someone who already knows martial arts, and if it's a relatively unknown"
" :  lot of my work is a response to shame. It is me taking hold of my life and my decisions and saying,  not ashamed of"
"the high expectation asian american dad WILL want to give you money because they worked REALLY REALLY HARD for you "
" : north american figure skaters be like one time I slit my competitor's throat with my blade in the middle of a warm up she"
"BUT y out here quoting African American, Indigenous African, Asian and North Americans about their name struggl "
"#YellowRose, starring Eva Noblezada and Lea Salonga, is the first-ever Filipina-American film opening night presen "
" : The sequel to #ToAllTheBoysIveLovedBefore will have a white man direct a film about Asian American girls. Why couldn't they g"
" "
" : We're 10% away from our goal  We're so excited to see this zine come to life! 10 more days, come support us and join us"
"America, you need a High Expectation Asian American Dad "
" : In case you haven't noticed , you are a very good example of what a failed education system has produced. pe"
"         "
" : Since DeBlasio and Occasio-Cortez want to punish Asian students for their high test scores, what would we call the Asian ex"
"What about tha ancestors of white slaves, Asian slaves,native American slaves?  Sorry blacks Don't corner the marke "
" : 9 days left to back us! Legacies is a 100+ page Asian American anthology bringing to life a wide variety of stories from"
" :   It's not just white countries, it Arab countries, it Asian countries, its Latin American countries,"
" : I'm waiting for RuPaul to send two bitches home so  comes back to the competition. That's the American, Asian"
"The flip side of this is  mortally dangerous for the Democratic Party. Only a 3% swing in 79% Eurasian vote (that i "
"So we have Magnus, a bi and asian character, and Chai playing Jordan who is also part asian. Emeraude, who is "
"I'm waiting for RuPaul to send two bitches home so  comes back to the competition. That's the American "
"Are you hungry? We definitely are! And luckily we have our tote designed by Seattle artist Monyee Chau, a queer Asi "
"The first woman of color in Congress was of Japanese decent. "
" : Asian American Sicheng is from the Bay area and his English name is Michael Winston Dong"
" :  an activist, she has fought for many years as a bastion of the often soft-spoken Asian-American community, said Mile"
"It's sad how people are dropping their morals and values for a measly $1000 from a pro-immigration, anti-gun Asian- "
"Chinese,European,American,Asian beauties are waiting for you"
"9 days left to back us! Legacies is a 100+ page Asian American anthology bringing to life a wide variety of stories "
" This was UK H*me Office policy under Blair specifically: make asylum the only viable channel for non "
" : Hi, I edit for , and we're looking for pitches for news stories! If you're a journalist writing about Asian Ameri"
" : american men continue to visit southeast asia to patronize its sex industry which exploits young southeast asian women, man"
"Always grateful for the wonderful volunteers who make #Citizenship Workshops possible! Full house today at the Asia "
" : I always see all this hype around sushi, KBBQ, poke', acai bowls and other asian staples turned into american trends.  nev"
" : We're 10% away from our goal  We're so excited to see this zine come to life! 10 more days, come support us and join us"
" : American dance hits VS. Filipino/Asian dance hits  "
" : It is so isolating to be fighting for my Asian American people to confront their anti-blackness/racism, to have white ppl"
" :  an activist, she has fought for many years as a bastion of the often soft-spoken Asian-American community, said Mile"
" : #MuellerTime Now is the time for any patriotic American to help  continue to make this country greater than its"
"  if Catwoman will be casted in any future movies, she should be casted as an Asian Americ "
"Have you realized that when a European, American or Asian president visits, deals are signed. But when African lead "
"we are a black and asian lesbians. our situations is worse since we don't have any white power or american power."
"    Yesterday, a white nationalist liked my tweet about the Asian A "
" an activist, she has fought for many years as a bastion of the often soft-spoken Asian-American community, sai "
" Yes, I think this is what I'm trying to express. And I think I realized the deep deep deep culture underly "
" :  American history IS American history. Asian American history IS American history. Hispanic American history IS Ameri"
" : Good Morning from the Asian American Journalists Association National Board meeting. We have a busy second day. The Atlanta"
" :   Asian American  "
" : north american figure skaters be like one time I slit my competitor's throat with my blade in the middle of a warm up she"
"     Not 1 Thing, Lowest Unemployment in ye "
"A world of fine selections and flavores, from the finest American style burgers to the tasty Asian Dumplings "
" : Patsy Mink was the first nonwhite and first Asian-American woman elected to Congress. She coauthored Title IX based on her own ex"
" : In case you were wondering why #YangGang2020 is a thing and the American far-right (including white nationalist Richard"
" : Join the Asian American Caucus for its #AWP19 caucus meeting in Portland. "
"Join the Asian American Caucus for its #AWP19 caucus meeting in Portland. "
" : In case you haven't noticed , you are a very good example of what a failed education system has produced. pe"
" : The Hargreeves and where they're from based (mostly) on their names:-Luther ~ USA-Diego ~ Spain or Mexico-Allison"
"  I'm with you. They need someone who already knows martial arts, and if it's a relatively u "
"   You look like a Taiwanese-American who is interested in East Asian affai "
" IiIydivine: american men continue to visit southeast asia to patronize its sex industry which exploits young southeast asian women, man"
" Sure. But I also get really nervous when people insist on that, as you say, ham-fisted approach. I "
" what a catastrophically misguided piece this is. quit letting anti-affirmative action bigots instrumental "
"Are you passionate about Asian American issues? Maybe you just want to learn more about the legislative process. "
" : american men continue to visit southeast asia to patronize its sex industry which exploits young southeast asian women, man"
"New York's 14th congressional district (2016 ACS est.),715 income$58,331.41% Wh "
"   She reminds me of that shady horny Asian lady from American dad "
"Mayuko-san inspired me to start an English account I'm probably going to talk mainly about tech, and maybe some Asian-American topics"
" I was thinking more on how culture shapes one's world view rather than just the superficial culture "
" : The sequel to #ToAllTheBoysIveLovedBefore will have a white man direct a film about Asian American girls. Why couldn't they g"
" How to attack the Asian and Indian market so we can sell them useless and dangerous substitutes like coke, Pes "
"Honored to be in community with people who care about Asian American health! Thank you for inviting me to deliver t "
" As an Asian-American, I could give a shit about cultural appropriation if a story rooted in Asian "
" : In case you haven't noticed , you are a very good example of what a failed education system has produced. pe"
" : Absolute truth. I've been mostly heartened by the real dialogue I've been able to have about being Asian American and the"
" it's because Asian American seems like it has been watered down from activism to adjective. I find myself wa "
"Huge lesson I've learned about #narcissisticleadership is it doesn't discriminate. Could be Black, White, liberal, "
" : YES, we deserve a chance to rise up as Asian American people and show our smarts and get out of poverty. The history of Am"
" : My Asian American people will ask, why, as low-income people, do we succeed &amp; black &amp; Latinx people don't? Many of us whom"
"It's interesting that despite having lived in the US for over half of my life now, I see the world very differently "
" : Although I grew up firmly upper-middle class, my Asian-American family has always operated on level of frugality familiar to ma"
" : Asian American allies against anti-black racism- can y'all shout yourselves out or shout out your besties right now? Would"
" : Some Asian American allies that have held me down, past &amp; present, in the fight against anti-black racism in our communiti"
"AN ASIAN AMERICAN IS RUNNING FOR PRESIDENT WAAAAT"
"IM SEEING JAEHYUN, MY ASIAN AMERICAN KING MARK, AND TAEYONG "
" : I'm in the NY Times today w/ other Asian American alum talking about the proposal to scrap the SHSAT. It's a pretty great"
" :  Did you know there is not a single major US airport named for a woman? That's why I want  rename"
"RSVP on Eventbrite! Support your local Asian-American artists!    "
" : The Atlanta chapter again welcomes the Asian American Journalists Association National Board for the spring meeting. We ar"
" By the way pro Europe? WTF! This has no meaning whatsoever coz all European countries are so differen "
" : Robin Tran talks about how she bombed her first audition, what drives her comedy today, and what it's like representing both t"
" : When Ballet Hisp takes the stage this month, audiences will experience new works from Asian-American choreographers  a f"
" No. He great but not great for this role. An Asian American actor who skilled in martial arts should book it."
" : A large part of Asian American culture is coming to terms w/ the fact that you will never cook the home foods as well as yo"
"I dont care if you white, African-American, African-Brit (so forth), asian, Pacific Islander, Gay, straight, bi, "
" asian &amp; south american are better than European ones tho"
" : Kamala Harris seeks to be the first woman, the first African American woman, the first Asian American and the first Indian America"
"  It really should be celebrated, to have an Asian (American) in the NBA!"
" : Join us through out April in celebrating Asian Pacific American Heritage Month! Check this calendar for our upcoming daily eve"
" : We're 10% away from our goal  We're so excited to see this zine come to life! 10 more days, come support us and join us"
" That's very good. This Asian, American activities sucks. We practise our own methods "
" : north american figure skaters be like one time I slit my competitor's throat with my blade in the middle of a warm up she"
" : NINE Vietnamese American writers in New York City tomorrow. The event is sold out but it will be live-streamed on the As"
" : The push comes after then-Gov. Jerry Brown signed a bill in 2018 adding lessons on Vietnamese-American refugees, the C"
" : NINE Vietnamese American writers in New York City tomorrow. The event is sold out but it will be live-streamed on the As"
" : american men continue to visit southeast asia to patronize its sex industry which exploits young southeast asian women, man"
" : Asian American allies against anti-black racism- can y'all shout yourselves out or shout out your besties right now? Would"
" : It is so isolating to be fighting for my Asian American people to confront their anti-blackness/racism, to have white ppl"
" Asians didn't like me because I wasn't Asian enough. Asian-Americans didn't like me because I didn't go to la "
"asian skaters literally go above and BEYOND and get nothing while all american skaters gotta do is just show up to "
" : Although I grew up firmly upper-middle class, my Asian-American family has always operated on level of frugality familiar to ma"
" : March Mentor/Mentee Luncheon sponsored by our Asian American Club with curricular pathway exploration from our state-bound"
" : Come to Hance Auditorium at 7 PM, this Tuesday March 26 for the annual ACAA Spring Lecture: Dr. Khyati Joshi on 'Why Asian"
" We envy american schools but I personally dont mind our ways cuz it does help with discipline. #asian"
"       Or a white African America "
" : The sequel to #ToAllTheBoysIveLovedBefore will have a white man direct a film about Asian American girls. Why couldn't they g"
"The Atlanta chapter again welcomes the Asian American Journalists Association National Board for the spring meeting "
" : We're 10% away from our goal  We're so excited to see this zine come to life! 10 more days, come support us and join us"
" :  lot of my work is a response to shame. It is me taking hold of my life and my decisions and saying,  not ashamed of"
" :  of Potential Life Lost Because of Cardiovascular Disease in Asian Subgroups  -Indian a"
"Good Morning from the Asian American Journalists Association National Board meeting. We have a busy second day. The "
"  Asian American Critical Race Theory?!    for educating me "
"The battle to curb overdevelopment in #Chinatown is happening across the country, as low-income Asian American comm "
"Although I grew up firmly upper-middle class, my Asian-American family has always operated on level of frugality f "
" : SCREAMS is super cool to wake up to and definitely getting mentioned at our #C2E2 panel on Asian American rep in gee"
"Hi friends,  nurtures artists + was the love of my friend Katherine Min's  life + she was the love "
" : Thank you  for expressing this so well. We have a way to go but let's build our voice.  "
" : Asian American Dreams // A Short Film Showcase "
" : Play Writing 101 for Asian American Theatre Artists Tickets, Sun, May 12, 2019 at 1:00 PM | Eventbrite "
" : It okay to be white. okay to be black. okay to be Asian. okay to be Native American. okay to be fe"
" Asian American Couple Fuck and Facial  "
"Play Writing 101 for Asian American Theatre Artists Tickets, Sun, May 12, 2019 at 1:00 PM | Eventbrite "
"Asian American Dreams // A Short Film Showcase "
"Ready for #MELUS2019 day 3! Food + Asian American Literary Cultures, Recovering Texts and Eclipsed Histories, "
" : american men continue to visit southeast asia to patronize its sex industry which exploits young southeast asian women, man"
"  following video may help President Trump to win more Asian American supporters in his r "
" : It is so isolating to be fighting for my Asian American people to confront their anti-blackness/racism, to have white ppl"
" : Why diversity matters in comics: so you can see Asian American superheroes fighting over the restaurant check. Thanks, "
" :   I suspect you haven't got a clue about the history of the EU or it's future plan to join with"
" : Have you seen our list of 17 Twin Cities Asna American women you should know? Check it out here and happy Women's History Mont"
" : social identity often relies on interpretation &amp; legibility to give meaning. i can know deep in my bones that i am non-binar"
" : The sequel to #ToAllTheBoysIveLovedBefore will have a white man direct a film about Asian American girls. Why couldn't they g"
" and here, the young half Asian American woman is the whistle blower; at Enron it was three WOMEN plu "
" : Hi friends, MacDowell Colony nurtures artists + was the love of my friend Katherine Min's life + she was the love of m"
"it ok to be white. ok to be black.'s ok to be asian. ok to be female. ok to be male. ok to "
"  Plus, as an Asian-American child I NEVER REALIZED Mickey Rooney was playing a Japanese c "
" American culture is the sum of all its parts Native American, black, white, Asian,Hispanic etc. No "
