"Understand the unique characteristics of the Chinese market. Much has been said about the size and growth of the Ch "
" : China will build up a batch of world-class higher #vocationalcolleges with Chinese characteristics, the Ministry of Educati"
" : Blocked in China:- Google- Facebook- YouTube- Wikipedia (Chinese)- Twitter- Netflix- Instagram- Tumblr- WhatsAp"
"Props to the Chinese devs for standing up against the whole 996ICU using github "
" : Potus already said her server was not hacked. Tom Fitton says also that the Chinese may have gotten her emails. They a"
"Historians are seeking to end the myth that Latter-day Saints opposed a transcontinental railroad. The   "
" : If you think these Biden scandals are bad just wait till the media is forced to report on how his son , Hunter, secured"
" : #ChinaToday in case you missed it: - Chinese, Mongolian eye opportunities to enhance ties "
" : Chinese version  "
"Oh so that's what these are called. I see them in Chinese supermarkets all the time but never cooked with them.://t.co/j62tg8Xupu"
" : Reminder that while Democrats clutch their pearls over this nothing burger WH security clearance story (every admin does"
" No idea..our Chinese government took over here"
" : Gulantang na gulantang kayo sa PRIVATE VIDEO na kumalat pero yung daang daang Chinese Vessels di kayo nag aalala? HUY!"
""
"** Songguo Electronics, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Xiaomi, has reorganized and set up a new company, Nanjing Big "
"#Iloveitwhen my white bf starts singing along with me to my Chinese music while we do chores together....LOLOLL lab youuu "
"Check out Chinese Republic Period Sanxing Vase "
" I was in a bus and this Chinese looking guy entered the bus with his S10 knows I kept my iPhone inside my bag"
" : Chinese giant panda center breeds 31 cubs in 2018. Follow us for more."
" : Chinese engineer poisoned multiple colleagues with cadmium at work in Berkeley, California. Authorities are still searching"
" : A British review of Huawei found significant security problems with the Chinese company's telecommunications equipment, a co"
" I ate your cousin at the Chinese buffet last week. &gt;:C"
"Experience a the taste of indo-chinese, delivered right to your door. Our freshly prepared food will leave you want "
" : Chinese military provocations won't win Taiwanese hearts: Bolton "
" : whether you speak english, french, korean, filipino, chinese or etc., in stan twitter we have the same language and that lan"
"EU calls for cross-strait dialogue after Chinese jet incursion in the Taiwan Strait "
" : #Chinese investor receives ownership rights over 96 ha of land in #zrenjanin://t.co/3IDvYsvadU "
"The US Navy and its partners are 'under cyber siege' from Chinese hackers and are hemorrhaging national security se "
" : Don't forget what #Chinese free trade meant so far: tariff of ~10% for US goods tariff of ~3% for Chinese go"
" "
" : Wonder why #Tibet is hardly in the news? This brief report shows how strictly Chinese authorities control access to Tibet &amp; the"
"One of the  (kanji) names literally means  character in Japanese and I never gonna get over that"
" : China premier telecommunications company, Huawei, has risen to power through force, fraud and coordination with the Chi"
" : #BREAKING One of four suspects in the Markham kidnapping of Chinese student Wanzhen Lu has turned himself in. "
"  I mean, please note I did say in the headline.  that does matter. Too many news outl "
" : Hillary Clinton put classified inf on Internet equivalent of public park bench. And the Chinese may have gotten all of her e"
"Ahead of the Chinese Bridge UK finals next Saturday we're looking back at previous competitions - this is Matthew, "
" day after #Brexit referendum ethnic Chinese surgeon who led team who just operated on friend livi "
"Another beautiful bonsai at the U.S. National Arboretum in Washington D.C. This is a magnificently trained Chinese "
" : okay so oh my! by svt has 3 versions- korean ver.- chinese ver.- japanese ver."
" : It's really, really remarkable that virtually every major newspaper in developed countries takes money to publish Chines"
"#Chinese companies have been making slaves for their construction projects in the United States. The world needs to "
" : Chinese developers are protesting 996 (9am, 6 days/week) long work hours. It's one of the fastest growing GitHub repositor"
"Today a highly valuable and constructive visit to  HQ was carried out with the aim of advancing partne "
" : Chinese police are still investigating the motives of the teacher who poisoned the kindergarten children "
"I guess Tom Hiddleston is powerful enough to withstand the suggestion he may be a serial killer with a fetish for d "
" "
"Baidu VS Google: what do chinese users prefer?  #Baidu #Google ://t.co/aqA7x8d8yX"
"Tonight on #Gravitas with  at 9 pm IST: #China meddling in #IndianElection? seeks action aga "
" : Plan's VLOG sub Chinese and English subtitles finished and uploaded. vlog://t.co/qRXw1akN"
"#    #  # ://t.co/uTrp5NJm3W"
" : To remind of the obvious:  it not just Russia looking to compromise the security of the West.  "
" : ://t.co/QPEJKem2Gg "
"I can find these at the Chinese store right na.. "
" : Chinese tech giant Tencent plans $5 billion dollar bond sale: sources "
" : Unlike Malaysian, Chinese really know how to use tiktok "
"A family wronged must find answers in The Chinese Delivery Man  #Mystery #AAPI #Asian "
" : The Chinese authorities propaganda should fool no one. The internment camps up to one million people, predominantly Mus"
" : How are Chinese vanadium-steel rebar legislations going to affect demand for #vanadium? Analyst  discusses the"
" : Huawei isn just vulnerable to Chinese State hacks, it also susceptible to attacks from plenty of other sides. "
" to the local Chinese Restaurant  | T/ "
" :   I'm more curious on his influences with the Chinese and the billion dollar deal his son managed to lan"
"Another Chinese company starts building new plant in Serbia "
" : Across Ohio, workers at shuttered American Express plants are furious at China's unfair trade practices. We used to have goo"
" :  Your Family Trips have cost America close to 200 Million dollars and counting. as for Florida Trips ,,,,,,,"
" : The New acquisition , #LouverAbuDhabi Carving of Sacred #Avalokitesvara from #China.   the real example of Chinese purchasin"
" : So there's also a Chinese trailer with some new footage. I'm currently checking the legality of posting it but here's a gif"
" : The Trump administration has been saying this for years  get Chinese equipment out! "
"It funny that my most respected trader also understands Chinese Astrology bad his English is poor so half hi "
" : i.e In 2017, Chinese tourists to the #UAE surpassed 1 million for the first time, and the transit passengers through UAE reache"
"Pijat panggilan pasien wanita pasien laki-laki dengan kesepakatan sebab saya tidak memiliki pengalaman "
"AIVD waarschuwt voor Chinese apparatuur - "
"i cooked the rotisserie chicken, chinese food, and breaded fried shit at a supermarket for a couple of years and wo "
" : Chinese spokesman: With regard to US sponsored draft resolution on the listing of Masood, China has repeatedly stated our posit"
" : Li Lingbing, China consul general in Dubai. Navin Khianey recent years, Abu Dhabi has taken steps to promote itself in ord"
" : In fact, the recent visit of the Chinese President Xi Jinping to the UAE further strengthened the relationship between the two"
" :     This early, they are grooming Sara, without an H. The Chinese"
" : So an unusual Chinese fellow gave $237,000 to Trump, the GOP, and the Trump inauguration. And when  asked him"
"   "
" : Duterte's Gov't to verify alleged Chinese dredging in Batangas., LGU &amp; PHL navy coast should apprehend them? May video n"
" :   "
" : The UAE  reputation as a safe haven from global political strife, its attractive yields, great lifestyle , tolerance and infr"
" : SPONSORED: What's causing Chinese companies to rise to the top? "
" : It appears that a new poster for #DetectivePikachu has been released in Chinese "
" : Great story. Chinese ivory ban stokes woolly mammoth tusk 'gold rush' in Siberia "
"Chinese boxer fights depression to be 'Queen of the Ring' "
" : Chinese high-security jail puts AI monitors in every cell  make prison breaks impossible "
" : GISING PILIPINAS dumagsa ang mga Chinese workers sa bansa at napasok na ang construction projects ng mga"
" :  my Australian boss, my current Chinese boss has never berated me for not being socialist enough, says a professor o"
" :     100   6,"
" :  Americans only, please reply you want to see Chinese military action in your country to take out the imperial"
" Damn Chinese manipulation probably"
" ....Soon the flow of migration will shift south where hope and opportunity meet at Mexico's southe "
"The UAE  reputation as a safe haven from global political strife, its attractive yields, great lifestyle , tolera "
"In fact, the recent visit of the Chinese President Xi Jinping to the UAE further strengthened the relationship betw "
" : Busy day in Beijing. We met w/ Chinese importers representing food &amp; ag who have been longtime supporters of US Soy &amp; I was e"
"Li Lingbing, China consul general in Dubai. Navin Khianey recent years, Abu Dhabi has taken steps to promote i "
" : Looks like today's #Mockingbird Talking Point is:WH Clearances Are Worse Than HRC Emails that she was selling acces"
"i.e In 2017, Chinese tourists to the #UAE surpassed 1 million for the first time, and the transit passengers throug "
"  You are right though, exactly what I had in mind, I'm sure he even spoils the girls in t "
"The New acquisition , #LouverAbuDhabi Carving of Sacred #Avalokitesvara from #China.   the real example of Chine "
" : Tibetan activists and monks have developed paralysis and eye problems in Chinese run prisons. details below::"
"I CANT READ CHINESE AND LIKE IM SO MAD CUS WOW THERE ARE RAWS WHICH ARE NOT TRANSLATED YET"
"   Damn shit... Why are people running for Chinese mobiles?"
"Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children porridge "
" : Chemical weapons, grenades, scenes of war each weekend in #France, the center of neo-lineralism with an insane leader massa"
"Philippines Files  Protest over Chinese Ships in South China Sea "
"  You have to go three paragraphs in to find that out. The title could have added one word - "
" : Chinese military provocations won win any hearts or minds in Taiwan, but they will strengthen the resolve of people ev"
""
"   My goal is for her to  me saying   I want you to eat me out like Chinese takeout"
"Cotton and Cornyn: countries closest to China gravitational pull are acting to preserve the integrity of their t "
" : I wrote Chinese for the first time in my life :) When I say wrote I copied it off my screen XD  a message for my gfs"
" : MAAYONG ADLAW sa tanan! With the recent fire incident in Toril which affects almost hundred families, once again we ask fo"
"    Yes. That is why Chinese can exist globally too."
"  Typical. Ive been in China multiple times and everyone expects to have only good opinions "
"Dear Senator Cotton and Cornyn, note that the #Huawei Threat is a Combination of Capability and Intent. "
" : The fourth issue of CLB's union reform and accountability report is out (in Chinese). In this issue we analyse the work of"
" : On  and  manipulation - $LYFT after soared 20% on the first day now 20% below is IPO price - A big Chi"
" : Pakistan has an economy based on Chinese loans and donkey exports.://t.co/T0WMfQTIz1"
"Chinese high-security jail puts AI monitors in every cell  make prison breaks impossible - "
"Kenapa cewe chinese itu gemesin banget ya  ah masa "
" : Elderly Chinese Man Protecting His Dog From The Rain  "
" : . can reduce trade deficit by sending the #KigaliAmendment to the Senate for ratification. $12.5 billio"
"God on my side, I got nothin to hide, now I runnin from nothin"
" i haven been able to find much on his background to confirm that he even full Chinese (sure loo "
" : Chinese spokesman: China &amp; Pakistan carried out a series of practical cooperation projects under BRI. New Gwadar Intl Airport i"
"The miracle is not to fly in the air, or to walk on the water, but to walk on the earth.-Chinese Prover"
" : Our March data showed signs of improvement in key parts of the Chinese economy "
"/t d g ./"
"Sakura related achievements for 'Violeta' era (2019)-First violeta fancam surpassed 100k -Sakura's Chinese fans "
"Chinese military provocations won't win Taiwanese hearts: Bolton "
" :  Too bad we can't believe anything promised by Chinese government.  Communists will happily continue to ma"
" : Here's a referral link to ONLINE ENGLISH TUTORIAL jobs teaching Chinese students. Hours are 'flexible' as you are the one"
"U.S. and Chinese Manufacturing Stabilize, While Europe Lags Behind "
"I wanna get my nails done today but ion know who I want to do them  ion wanna go to the Chinese people I tired of them"
" : On top of this story, Russell Lowe is the Chinese spy that worked for Senator Dianne Feinstein for over 20yrs &amp; it the most fas"
"With the amazing capital controls Chinese cos r having a hard time raising $ for overseas M&amp;A.. will Russian cos fe "
" : In the first two months of the quarter, business inventories rose at twice the rate of the fourth quarter; the artific"
"  Easy, but identiterians have no power without social backing. Chinese people would dismiss sjws."
" : China is not only taking over our seas, it's also destroying our shores! Shame on this government! #ChinaLayas #OustDu"
" : Just met with , President of , who is obviously doing quite well. He stated strongly that he is to"
" i went to an international private school on scholarship where everyone was rich, there was a cliqu "
"United States California a chinese women name AVA morehouse cross the line!"
" : Ingenious way of spreading fake videos also. The note put in is a green  note and the one that comes out is gulabi"
"Investor Kathy Xu Rockets To 2019 Midas List Top Ten As Power Of Chinese Startups Grows #ForbesMidas "
"  Hello! i am one of your Chinese fans,i want you to pay attention to performer safety problem.TKS! "
" had  way to distinguish which disinformation is directly produced by the Chinese government, and wh "
"  like her. I use mix Chinese~"
" : A Chinese collector of #WarofResistanceagainstJapaneseAggression (1931-45) claimed to have found evidence that proves"
" : Chinese company "
" : Ook de AIVD stelt vandaag dat Nederland niet te afhankelijk moet worden van Chinese apparatuur. moeten we voor het"
"STOP GIVING YOUR MONEY TO THESE CHINESE AND ARAB SHOPS BUY ONLY BLACK!"
" : Chinese demand for dairy continues to rise "
" yeah, they all work for Chinese mafia!! Keep rolling Trudeau..."
"AIVD waarschuwt voor Chinese apparatuur "
" : The #British Chamber of Commerce in #China sees huge opportunity for #UK #education as  partner in Chinese #belt"
"#Tibetan protesters develop  health conditions in Chinese prison - Tibetan activists and monks have develop "
"Cooked eggroll bowls for dinner last night. : What are we having?: ... Chinese chili. Want to taste?: * "
" I m chinese like china"
"Ven a #GuerreroXianPty y disfruta de un #almuerzo espectacular con nuestro #Puerco en Salsa Agridulce  "
" : Thirty Chinese firefighters killed in Sichuan blaze after change in wind creates  fireball.://t.co/0nLnQXufum htt"
"EU_IPO : Visit of the  Trademark Association (CTA), the organisation representing the Chinese trade mark com "
" : This article talked about the close-up selca post of #Jungkook in Weibo FC that created excitement for his Chinese fans.."
" :  Not a hate tweet but why do you guys even put choices for account setting regions if all the accounts are made w"
" : A great story time with . Banana for Two is also now available in Spanish, Hindi, Chinese, and Vietnamese!"
" : Sens.  &amp; : Keep the Chinese government away from 5G technology "
"Losse thee, van de week de  jasmijnthee uit mijn jeugd teruggevonden. Lipton en Pickwick daar krijg je een droge mo "
" : % ONE Singapore &amp; Chinese Cui"
""
" : China-Taiwan tensions grow "
" : A great analysis about the current situation and the historical context of Xinjiang today. It is a tragedy for the PRC to aba"
" Notwithstanding these ESL gems, my mother was a beautiful and evocative writer in both English and (re "
"  This includes the #Chinese, #Indians , #Turks and the #Swiss #Norwegians these come to stea "
"#Merck pays to play.  Merck CEO: 'we want to set up a network of innovation hubs in China where we can, together w "
" : Less than 10% of mainland Chinese have passports (120m people). Imagine when this number goes up"
"Chinese engineer poisoned multiple colleagues with cadmium at work in Berkeley, California. Authorities are still s "
" "
"In its short history, Chinese lawtech has developed rapidly and differently to adapt to the Mainland's legal system "
" : Chinese hackers: Make Tesla drive into oncoming traffic: 'Not a realistic concern'://t.co/OPNwNrK4qb "
" : Chinese army arrives in #Venezuela just days after the Russian miltary #China #Russia"
"China Evergrande : Contracted Sales Results Update for March 2019 (Chinese Version) #ChinaEvergrande #Stock "
" All just Chinese fans"
"Chinese hospital care was created around the family - it's virtually impossible to do it alone. This man's doing am "
"#ChinaToday in case you missed it: - Chinese, Mongolian eye opportunities to enhance ties "
" From Leys' version of the Analects, I remember - I've had more than a few moments like this since I started studying Chinese..."
" : Claim: working for colonialists  :Chinese loans ,IMF loans ,World bank loans approved everyday in parliam"
" : CHINESE GOVERNEMENT. GUANG THUANG.GOVERNOR MR CHEN WU.: ((World dogshow 2019 - Sign the Petition! "
" Indians &amp; Chinese are not black as far as i know but ke askholapho."
" : i think i have to share some popular  emo rap music to you that you know why they don understand what i doing."
"Diplomats and activists on Monday denounced intense Chinese lobbying and threats to rein in criticism of Beijing "
"8Pcs Chinese Health "
"New Zealand PM Ardern says to discuss Huawei decision in China visit Zealand Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern has "
"Veel gewonden door explosie bij begrafenis in China.://t.co/cZit5HpZr0 Chinese autoriteiten hebben twee "
"    I can be a Canadian and no need to drop my Chinese roots."
" : 180401 Baidu and Bulgari website update  Wu is now on the  website(Chinese)~ can also searc"
"Have you notices that the number of Chinese students has increased during the past three years at UofSC? If you wan "
" :  The drug industry, with Hillary Clinton, and the rest of the Clinton Foundation -To-Play network hav"
" : My linguist brother was imprisoned by Chinese government just because he is an Uyghur. He was a senior translator and  director"
" We plan more quotas based on caste and idiocy while the Chinese are galloping into 22nd century. India "
"Chinese-based smartphone maker,  has confirmed that its new product series, Reno, will come to the UAE on Apri "
" : I have a bunch of problems w/ Turkey's recent behavior, but credit Erdogan for being only Muslim leader to criticize China's"
"Fuck Sake -- do the Chinese actually have the capability to come up with anything on their own.  Everything they do "
"Yung nagagalit ka sa mga Spanish dati tapos sa Chinese ngayon at maaalala mo may lahi nga pala kayo non.  HAHAHAHA "
".....Looking for Chinese restaurant in Juba."
"In February, the U.S. collected $5.08 billion from China imports, 89.8% more than February 2018.://t.co/NnPBUNynzo"
" : i love tea. tea is life. teh tarik? YEET. masala tea? yes. regular milk tea? yes okay. black tea? chinese tea? give me t"
" : Overheard (nv): Punta kang Japan, mayaman mga japanese. Punta kang America mayaman mga amerikano. Pero punta kang Pinas may"
" Niets mis met jetheezakjes geniet van je Chinese thee, onderweg naar huis nu dus kan mijn telefoon "
" : Tom Fitton, Judicial Watch discussing Hillary's 30K emails (many Classified) being sent to an unauthorized Chinese Compa"
"      Been in Beijing, Shanghai, Dalian, Chengdu "
" : And these, ladies and gentlemen, are pics of BMP-2 on exercise in a high-altitude area. Which to me looks like eastern Lad"
"Chinese people can not multitask "
"Chinese high-security jail puts AI monitors in every cell  make prison breaks impossible "
"Chinese police are still investigating the motives of the teacher who poisoned the kindergarten children "
" : After Christchurch, New Zealand PM went to great lengths to stand up for muslims and their right to practice Islam. Merely tw"
" the Chinese thinking about the Belt and Road has evolved, so too have Africans begun to see more opportunity in "
" : If you think journalists at private Chinese media (Caixin, etc.) are somehow comparable to CCP propagandists because they are"
"Our March data showed signs of improvement in key parts of the Chinese economy "
" : Apple has slashed prices on iPhones, iPads and other products on its official Chinese website "
"Very proud of my  Chinese Studies colleague Calvin Hui (who's not on Twitter) for bringing in one of "
"Vintobel - Investors' Outlook April 2019  fight Chinese stimulus "
""
"Chinese word of the day, 2019-04-02: (xi)  - (v) to resemble level: #HSK3://t.co/rILCxPKBzc"
"Wrapping up the Hong Kong meetings of Asia Global Leadership Summit Chinese-language site leaders. by som "
"The order shows that major automobile manufacturers place their trust in NORMA Group technological leadership in "
"I look so Chinese when I smile "
" : The Eastern Ports used to be very busy until 2006 when Obasanjo cancelled their incentives. PMB spent  $30M in Onne Port and $"
"Chinese boxer fights depression to be 'Queen of the' "
"The Prime Minister is refusing to say how strongly she condemned abuses of Uighur Muslim people while meeting with "
"Countries who engage in free trade with China have not obtained the access to the Chinese market... [they were ins "
"Kalau nakk jumpa Indian and Chinese yg tiada dkt slang Bahasa diorg, bersepah dkt sini "
"Done .... Godse !! Gandhi is not faithful to Bharat. "
" : China slowing economy claims unexpected victim: tech start-ups://t.co/bvFYM5cQmc"
" : Chinese one child policy led to fall in female population.. fall shall sooner or later be compensated from Pakis"
"Beautiful Chinese Lantern Flowers in Watercolors Framed Print - #watercolorpainting #watercolorprint "
"Ook de AIVD stelt vandaag dat Nederland niet te afhankelijk moet worden van Chinese apparatuur. moeten we v "
" : What is the Chinese sheng? Virtuoso sheng player  introduces this fascinating and versatile instrument, ahead"
" The road to the three Mexicos starts with a single step. Go south young man. ~ancient Chinese proverb "
" Oh it's true. It's the Year of the Panther on the Chinese calendar...'s really the year of the pi "
" : My Chinese associate once said that a stranger cannot betray you.  could have just DM me or sent me cake since you have"
"The U.S. was on path to end up in security competition with China.  said so nearly 20 years. What di "
"#ChinaToday in case you missed it: - Chinese, Mongolian eye opportunities to enhance ties "
" just a few years, #mobilepayment has become so ingrained in the lives of Chinese people that they are driving s "
"In the first two months of the quarter, business inventories rose at twice the rate of the fourth quarter; the art "
"  Look, these Africans &amp; Arabs are just as Chinese as you are my fellow Asians!"
" Samsung has launched this series specially targetting the  indian subcontinent to compete with other "
"I just ate some Chinese food and I seriously hope that it's found soon."
"Check out how the Wechat blog Micro Bible is celebrating the 100th anniversary of the publication of the Chinese Un "
"I craving Chinese food  Indian food  bathong help!  Pan ko African Mall. Santse e operata khotsa nyaa?"
"MAJOR: Chinese Military Personnel Arrive in Venezuela with 'Humanitarian Supplies' - Fort Russ "
" : The ID. family is growing: ID. ROOMZZ. The electric full-size SUV will be showcased at #AutoShanghai 2019 and gives you a t"
"On  and  manipulation - $LYFT after soared 20% on the first day now 20% below is IPO price - "
"Give a man a fish and feed him for a day.  Teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime. -- Chinese Prover "
" : Asyraf Wajdi represents the worst of these right-wing supremacists because he's all gung ho about how the Malays are be"
"Chinese Hack Tesla Autopilot, Make Car Drive Into Oncoming Traffic  Daily Stormer "
"Qigong is an ancient Chinese wellness practice that can help alleviate symptoms of grief and depression. Watch the "
"Suspect in alleged abduction of Chinese student turns himself in to police://t.co/jfdltp5wKS"
" : Leaver: I want to go out.: I'd prefer to stay in and watch telly, actually.: No! Out!: OK. Where'd you like t"
"China will build up a batch of world-class higher #vocationalcolleges with Chinese characteristics, the Ministry of "
" :  Biden got the Chinese to give 1 billion to his son. Nice deal. No collusion there! Keep looking here {Russia}"
" : This thread is abt Chinese legend that has many possible meanings on reading it but theres #DisabilityRights reading thats"
"The incursion by Chinese warplanes on Sunday, crossing a maritime line separating Chinese and Taiwanese waters, is "
"SPONSORED: What's causing Chinese companies to rise to the top? "
"   Concept of motherland is very real for Chinese as well as Russians."
"  It does mention that it was Chinese aircraft which crossed over into Taiwan airspace."
"Humor, creativity, and lot of shit.419Ashli_purushAshli_purushindia StaunchInsafian: Ye jo her taraf CPEC shaadiy "
"Vintage Chinese Carved Bovine Bone Peking Glass Bead Necklace Carved Necklace | eBay #necklace #vintagenecklace "
""
"Match the sentences!) ) ) ) Eventually I let the frog go.) The giant frog is "
"Chinese  zombie L/S Tee ://t.co/Qs2SaeFNCY #suzurijp #MySUZURIX "
" : The #ROCKWOOL family and customer base grew larger in 2018 with the addition of Chinese stone wool producer, Yangzhou Kewo"
"Will demo rats have a big issue with security clearances for Trump team hahaha did they have an issue with Debbie W "
" : Apple has slashed prices on iPhones, iPads and other products on its official Chinese website "
"Chinese boxer fights depression to be 'Queen of the Ring' "
"Visit of the  Trademark Association (CTA), the organisation representing the Chinese trade mark community, t "
"The media industry does not have adequate online currency audience measurement for the entire Chinese market. "
"Thirty-five universities in China will offer artificial intelligence as an undergraduate major as the country charg "
" These are two very different topics. In the meantime, the netizens are free to mock the video of J "
"PM Imran to perform groundbreaking of new Gwadar airport on March 29! more: "
" : The Daffodils (Narcissus ) and Glory-of-the-Snow (Chionodoxa forbesii) create a gorgeous blanket of contrasting blo"
"Our BIA hosts several events throughout the year to get the community involved, such as Fraser Gadens in Bloom, Chi "
" : 120 Chinese soldiers to be exact, delivering aid and supplies to Maduro government "
" My  classmate Ayesha Omer has done research on the ways that Chinese infrastructure projects "
"Them: Astrology is menudo-science: Tell that to the electron and Chinese astrology. They're basically the sam "
"CHINESE CHINESE  CHINESE  CHINESE  CHINESE  CHINESE  CHINESE  CHINE "
"Co-teacher: Of course it is! Japanese pop is J-pop, Korean pop is K-pop!  1: Chinese pop is C-pop! "
"Fron nearly going into administration to getting a brand new owner, rich Chinese man William Ding has reportedly bo "
" : Taiwan will forcibly expel Chinese planes after recent Taiwan Strait boundary violation:://t.co/CymDWPhDLg"
" : For those who missed this important discussion on the histories and realities of SA Chinese life... "
" : I SWEAR LAS PINAS IS FUCKING INVADED!!! Chinese restaurants, Chinese convenience stores, private vans, and just Chinese na"
" :   Dianne Feinstein knows that she can be brought up on charges of having the Chinese spy for 2"
" : So PAS rep called LGE a pondan.  Parliament.. bet if LGE wasn Chinese, he wouldn stoop to using that word."
"   This would be the biggest slap in Chinese people faces. A real insult and injury. "
" Mast h ek number.. samjh me aa gya mrereko ye chinese me jo bhi likha h..baki..ekdum sahi likh "
"Tom Fitton, Judicial Watch discussing Hillary's 30K emails (many Classified) being sent to an unauthorized Chinese "
" a general rule of thumb, professional athletes should avoid talking shit about another teams fan base, lest th "
"  I did ask about your old Chinese telly, but then read that you switched."
" : UPDATE: According to a police memo, Simret Kahsay, a former flight hostess admitted to police while in custody that she pr"
" : ya boi will finish grade 9 with these awards: with high honors 1st honor in chinese 1st honor in computer 2nd plac"
" : News: Phil Wallace has rejected further talks with American, Chinese and Canadian parties who were interested in becomin"
"Wat voor geluid maken Chinese duiven?.. Kroepoek, kroepoek."
" Since Pakistan is viewed more of a Chinese ally &amp; US wishes to delay if not stop China global/regional "
" : Marka waayaha iyo taariikhda laga hadlayo ma jirto cid ceyb ka saliim ah oo xaqiiqda sheegta, qof kasta se sidu wax u ark"
"Reports Say U.S. Sees A National Security Threat In Chinese Company Owning Grindr "
" : AIVD waarschuwt: geen Chinese apparatuur in vitale infrastructuur. 5G valt daar ook onder: "
" : #ChinaDefense Capable of delivering precision bombardment, the weirdly shaped Chinese helicopter drone Blowfish A2 spa"
" : Chinese Dissidents Feel Heat of Beijing Wrath. Even in Canada. "
" :  strategy to take over Taiwan is focused now on...hybrid warfare tactics authoritarian regimes...Pro-Beijing inte"
" : Julius Malema: Let us stop xenophobia. Let us stop self hate. You don beat a Chinese or white when they don have prop"
" : Duel citizen with Israel, Chinese spy driver.. Israel has a wall, Feinstein won't fund one for us. Subversive element"
" : HJ channel White Day video has been subbed in Spanish (by fans)! The channel is open for fans to sub (although you can get au"
" : [JYP Trainees] X 101 SEO BIN - Korean (21 years old) Camp 2019 CHEN - Chinese (21 years old"
" :  Actually as a Chinese I believe on god sake~ "
" Ma u know I feeling a certain way how these  members still treated above a certain Chinese "
"I have a bunch of problems w/ Turkey's recent behavior, but credit Erdogan for being only Muslim leader to criticiz "
" : okay okay I'm fine it's fine everything is fine eye- "
"China-Taiwan tensions grow "
" : Hi , will you ask the russians and chinese to also take their hands off Venezuela, or Is that too complicated for you?"
"#Saudi# "
" : From my record as Chair of Debt Committee,there is no one willing to give Nigeria Loan to construct its Railways other than"
"As a Saudi oil minister as soon as remarked, the Stone Age didn finish as a result of we ran out of stones. It ap "
" : 20190330 CathyDoll in GZ Chinese learning part with sweet moment cut language learners clumsy lovers"
" : Ethnocide in East Turkestan appears to be taking a psychological toll on Han Chinese officials too, whose freedoms are"
"#nomoremodi  Bhakts the Days of Ram Mandir are Over.   to this BJP Leader saying      "
"A minority of #Chinese #biopharma companies will be successful, and the path to global validation will be long and "
"The longest 3 minutes are the 3 minutes before the Chinese restaurant down the road opens and you are STARVING"
"Study of half a million Chinese adults has found that eating more fresh fruit significantly lowers risk of diabetes "
" AIR FORCE 1 07 PRM 3 CHINESE NEW YEAR[GYM RED/ORNG PL-BLACK-CNYN G "
"   If Godse hadn't done what he did you would hv been a Chinese Slave today or "
"dalagang (Chinese) Filipina yeah "
"Chinese hackers make Tesla drive into oncoming traffic (VIDEO)   World News #"
" : Remember when they told us that when Chinese parents were out of names to name their kids, they would drop a spoon on the fl"
" :  how about the Taxpayers money that you are wasting your personal trips in the first 9 months you were in st"
"Russian Banks Be part of Chinese language Swift  Is the Greenback Period Below? "
"Russian Banks Be part of Chinese language Swift  Is the Greenback Period Below? "
" :  borrowed $3b in Eurobond market and they have sizable Chinese lending in projects and hence debt service has inc"
" : Chinese #Opera to present Marco Polo's #Romance in #Medieval #China.#BeltandRoad #BRI #OBOR #silkroad #beltandroadinitia"
"Starting back on healthy eating and the gym tomorrow so I having a Chinese buffet today as my last massive treat"
" : One professor from Duke University sent out an email asking Chinese students not to speak Chinese in school building. https:/"
"Mga Chinese vessels sa Pag-asa Island dapat nang lumayas ://t.co/ALwNFVS62d"
"The #Chinese authorities propaganda should fool no one. The internment camps up to one million people, predo "
" :  Let's not forget about Biden's Chinese connection and his son's $1.5 billion deal."
"It's quite interesting to hear what the Chinese Government makes of the UK during this moronic time ... "
"I recently got the Mi Smart Scale and it's !: This is new for me and I'm not aware of other (better) product "
"Why is it the day I start my diet again family are getting a Chinese???? Stay strong Shan x you got this"
"thank god my other chinese friend whom isn't as typical as her. that's why people you need to have different races "
" : Chinese sovereign wealth fund CIC picks new chairman "
"Russian Banks Be part of Chinese language Swift  Is the Greenback Period Below? "
"sides, she will always highlight any annoying customer's specific race EXCEPT OF HER OWN KIND. which makes her a fu "
" : #Venezuela #China #Russia #Caracas #Chinese army soldiers arrived in Venezuela  People Liberation Army soldiers, a"
" Tbh me too, I'm used to watching Chinese dramas cause I understand the language but my friend recommended "
" : When things get real. Tsai: I have already ordered the military to stage a forceful expulsion in the first place again"
" : China says detained Canadian Michael Kovrig doesn't have diplomatic immunity://t.co/riPYZQG8pj."
"Schiff, is just a crooked Democrat! I don't think any of them should be trusted with classified information. Awhile "
" Suddenly when a President comes along that steers the party toward actually putting Americans first instead of "
" : Check out Vintage Chinese or Asia Wood Jewelry Chest w/ Metal Mounts &amp; Bone Inlays  "
"[bot] Tao [Huang Zi Tao] [EXO-M] [Chinese] [birth: May 2, 1993] uri cool Kungfu Panda ^^"
"Fast forward 30 years and an American company, Google, is assisting the authoritarian Chinese in oppressing the peo "
" : AIVD: Chinese invloed C2000 onwenselijk. "
"They be killing alot of OUR business operators in Clarendon. Chinese business people are already safer than our bla "
" : The one who moved a mountain was the one who began carrying away small stones. -Chinese prover"
" : rj: JENO-YA!! : this person- : i ate these chinese candy i want u to try it for the video  NOW RENJUN INTERRUPTI"
" : The share of hydro projects in Chinese-added capacity has increased to 63% compared to 49% in our 2016 findings. ."
"Chinese man critically ill after being hit by falling Ofo bike "
" : Thirty-five universities in China will offer artificial intelligence as an undergraduate major as the country charges ahead with i"
" : Abdullahi Adan, 37, one of four suspects wanted in connection with the alleged abduction of Chinese international student Wanz"
"Chinese LGBTQ+ community is shaking!  lmao "
" : MURANG MCA Peter Mburu arrested for allegedly swindling woman Sh3m by pretending he could help her get tender to supp"
"Goodman: The US needs to counter Chinese influence on investments in climate resilience and clean energy in the dev "
"Chinese city offers cash incentives to informants on illegal religious groups ://t.co/TmOBX1jpXt via "
" i sell my soul for one katsu curry hun x aha x Order a chinese?  XX"
" : Wow! At a meeting on wild #Tiger populations. Cambodia have 0, Vietnam &amp; Loas they functionally extinct. China = 7-"
"A Brooklyn jury heard testimony earlier this month of virtual slave labor  14-hour days without pay and threats of "
" :  #KOT, listen up! It's time for some train lessons. I'm sick and tired of people like  regurgitating bad/fa"
" : Accommodations&gt;Britain&gt; Chinese province Hunan targets UK-- #accommodations "
" : Lawsuit Seeks Documents Potentially Showing FBI Ignored Intelligence Community IG Evidence That Chinese Hacked Clinton Serv"
"Diplomats, activists decry Chinese 'threats' at UN rights council "
"To make up for the decline in Chinese tourism in retaliation for #SouthKorea's deployment of #THAAD, President Moon "
" Every fast food Chinese food , dominoes , mc donalds , burger king all that"
"Chinese company "
" : 'U.S. counterintelligence officials  warned Jared Kushner that a prominent Chinese-American businesswoman could be usin"
" :   Don forget the Irish and Chinese"
"We're really proud  to have advised on this important Chinese-Israeli medical technology transaction "
" : Hong Kong billionaire Joseph Lau has launched a legal challenge against proposed changes to the city's extradition law that would"
" : Under the Chinese Communist Party one-child policy, abortion was very much legal, but women didn have  of cho"
" : Practice the  in Chinese: go to...to do... Learn Full Course://t.co/ix0RkzCbWy.#learnchinese #learnm"
"FastFood aufs Brot geschmiert? Mit MagicMite von Yellow Octopus ( - Australien) kein Problem mehr. "
"  so i understand!! spent a long time in the 'chinese in liverpool' bit of the city museum th "
" : If you didn't manage to catch us  last week, there's still time to come and see us this Thursday, Friday"
"Check out what I found. VINTAGE CHINESE / JAPANESE TEAPOT &amp;amp; 3 CUPS/MUGS NO HANDLES SEA DRAGON DESIGN "
"   almost entirely funded by Chinese state owned banks,  which lend as per "
"Chinese boxer trounces stereotypes and depression to become 'Queen of the Ring' "
"A young, Canadian bi-racial, Chinese/Caucasian father is in need of a stem cell transplant to help fight his Leukem "
" : Why is Duterte spokesman Panelo the one explaining away the harassing presence of hundred of Chinese boats around Palawan's"
" : #FLASH: Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen has ordered a  expulsion of PLA warplanes next time they cross the "
"  Playing hardball with all goin on ie Chinese lady extradited to the US and knowing JT has no ba "
" : Excellent point. It shud also be noted that unlike other totalitarian societies like Islamic or Chinese ones India is absolu"
" :  pushback on any thoughts of green shoots following China, Korea, Taiwan PMIs &amp; US ISM beats. Maybe it was all driv"
" : 5 Chinese born Kazakhs students studying religion in Egypt feared detention&amp;asked for protection in Kazakhstan. In turn, KZ d"
" : THE DUMPLINGS HAVE BEEN FOUND JOBLESS- MY BABIE HAS OVEAKEN THE CHINESE CUISINE INDUSTRY "
" Four facts:. ISS orbit is 330-435 km. Indian #ASATMissile happened at 300km. Debris from #2 will dis "
" : 5 factors driving the Chinese lawtech boom #china #technology "
"I really want some hood Chinese food for lunch. Idk. Something greasy to drown my feelings in lol.  what are we eating today?"
"  "
" :  Chinese buyers must have dried up"
" Come here , it Chinese today !"
" wa pa nahuman ning salidaa? hahaha murag ang probinsyano"
" It is the craziest thing on the planet!!! European, Chinese, etc. worst nightmare is black African "
"  Both are netease teams, and Chinese players often refer to cc as SHD's son and cyc as SHD's grandson"
" : Chinese movie poster for   your favorite live action pokemon make the cover? "
"The earliest known wind powered grain mills and water pumps were used by the Persians in A.D. 500-900 and by the Ch "
" :                            "
"The Fosun Foundation at the Bund Finance Center in Shanghai is a moving building, and the innovative structure is i "
"Day 1/100 of #the100dayproject. Chinese brush painting is a very traditional technique and I am usually somebody wh "
" : Chinese takeout and Netflix is still the move"
"pros of Amazon Prime: fast &amp; free two-day shipping, access to Prime Video, super convenient  of Amazon Prime: "
"Dag twee van deze week: Chinese-Tomatensoep, Haas-Sat, Sperziebonen, Aardappelschijfjes. Toetje. Eet Smakelijk."
" : You would have to be a total shithead (and a lying one at that) to claim to love FINNEGAN'S WAKE. It's garbage. Yes, it suc"
"Chinese nationals working illegally in the Philippines should be treated professionally, Senate Minority Leader F "
"So right now i'm just staying up with  suffering to finish our chinese compos and anxiously waiting for 12am kst"
" : Admin smackdown: Morales/Del Rosario with ICC complaint. SC ordering release of case files on police killings to CHR. C"
" on : New Action Chinese Movie{ hindi} ||Action-Comedy Movie in hindi || "
"Chinese analysts be expecting the present bitcoin undergo marketplace to proceed in 2019, contradicting the bullish "
"   But the Chinese character is written as . MAybe the owner is trying to "
" :  Bansa. I WANT THEM OUT OF THE PHILIPPINES GAYA NG ILLEGAL CHINESE WORKERS"
" : 'They stage-managed everything': Diplomats, activists decry Chinese 'threats' at UN rights council "
"Look the pot is calling the cattle back... Even your bollywood aunties like priyanka are getting die to marry white "
" : China Pakistan: Baloch Liberation Army attacks Chinese assets for 3rd time since Aug 2018 - The Economic Times "
"I went to McDonald and asked for 2 hash browns , a medium iced coffee with 2 cream and 2 sugar ...... you woulda "
"The Chinese gaming company that recently bought  has been forced to sell the app "
"Chinese importers ordered their largest United States corn purchase since October 2013. FAS said in a report that p "
"kung hindi masungit, chinese. HINDI PO AKO CHINESE HEHE. Princess??? Sinong nagsabi? Char HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA Thank yo "
"i going to my chinese class so let me know if something dropped !"
"..."
"  Don forget the Irish and Chinese"
"Als u het mij vraagt, is een beetje afhankelijk al  afhankelijk. Want hoe weet je nou wanneer de grens bereikt "
"Private companies can't import soybeans, right? That's basically how the Chinese government is controlling the volu "
"Jacinda Ardern keeps quiet on comments to Chinese Government about human rights abuses | Newshub #HumanRights"
"Pag umalis ba yung mga chinese sa pinas maraming properties ang mafoforeclose"
" : New Blog Post - How I forced a Chinese threat actor to help me with a campaign's attribution by adding it to a new Taiwan t"
" how about the Taxpayers money that you are wasting your personal trips in the first 9 months you w "
" :  Hi.... We can deliver Pizza, Shawarma, Burger, Chinese Rice, Noodles and Shredded chicken to your doorstep "
"There is going to be a huge international market for Lithium batteries. Pakistan can also undertake production of L "
" are confident that there are endless possibilities that Chinese start-ups can bring so that we can support the "
"I need someone who can speak both English and Chinese to help me translate and correct the grammar in the article."
" I miss that about Florida. GOP is totally cool with Chinese owned hog operations spewing literal "
" : #US-#China trade war inactivity could lead to the  recession in recent Chinese history, says scholar - China str"
" Bansa. I WANT THEM OUT OF THE PHILIPPINES GAYA NG ILLEGAL CHINESE WORKERS"
" no, i just don like them. everyday london shuts new chinese businesses down for serving rotten food "
"Chinese Authorities Raid Bible Study, Ban Major House Church "
"IM WATCHING ANOTHER CHINESE DRAMA AND IM GOING TO SOB the main girl likes the second lead and the second lead likes "
" : Maybe this is an important clue for us to understand why VOA don't voice for America but the CCP! Her husband own an importan"
" : The information that we got is the more likely intention is to establish their presence in the area. Reports circula"
"Chinese students experiencing Chinese culture through food and art. "
" : Chinese City Offering Rewards for Reporting 'Illegal Religious Activities,' Raising Further Concerns for House Churches |"
" : #ICYMI -  in  on her 1,530-miles along the US-Mexico border with Chinese painter Liu Xiaodong #wom"
" : At Kolkata's little China Town, TMC workers have put out wall graffiti in the Chinese language to woo voters. India Today's"
"      Maynay pakistani say nai karni, sab chinese say kar rahi han"
"Very poor article. disregards the failed Chinese policy, the failure of Malthusianism, the aging of Ger "
"Answer from yesterday's pop quiz: Chinese is the most spoken language in the world with 1.2 billion native speakers "
" : Researchers from Keen Labs in China, one of the most widely respected cybersecurity research groups in the world, have suc"
"#BreakingNews Apple has slashed prices on iPhones, iPads and other products on its official Chinese website "
"Venezuela welcomes arrival of Chinese medical aid "
" : #Miniso is a 100% Chinese  company that has marketed itself to be Japanese. Its claim that its co-founder (Miyake Jun"
" :     I take free chow main for team before game and I ask Gates"
" : 190329BKK was murmuring silently 't  call me . . in Chinese sweetie, you are my !"
"#dinner #chinese #food #lobster  Classic Chinese Restaurant "
" : According to [MS Italy] Charles Leclerc's engine problem in Bahrain has been examined in Maranello. it seems like it was"
" : Sameer Verma loses to Chinese Shi Yuqi in his opening campaign at #MalaysiaOpen2019. "
" Chinese aggression is dangerous"
"Search for Sheng Xue on Google in English and you will find the story of an award-winning writer who left China for "
"ted lol   Its not really easy when u disappoints Chinese! lol  But besty I wanted to ask something coz I "
"Wonder why #Tibet is hardly in the news? This brief report shows how strictly Chinese authorities control access to "
" I don know about that. Don know about Japanese girls but Chinese girls love black guys."
" : My grand father was a builder. He sold alcohol. They rented a shop in their yard to a Chinese family. They lived in a big house"
" Depends on the mood but for the most part I go for Chinese food but the subtlety and erotic flavor "
"       You don know me. China has the "
"nobody: people: "
"    That was the cutest. Chinese lassie wanted his babies. His dad "
" Wind power &amp; water power have been used for over 1,000 years.  earliest known wind powered grain m "
"At Kolkata's little China Town, TMC workers have put out wall graffiti in the Chinese language to woo voters. India "
" : Yellow Rose &amp; Chinese Lanterns #Floral #Photography #Still #Setting #DianaMarySharpton #Richardson #Texas "
"Annoys me sometimes how most social events at uni have to be centralised around drinking or going on a night out, w "
"There is a female gender judge related with the Mendoza province and favouring the presentation and the condition o "
"so a little about me; I am an ABC (Australian born Chinese) and growing up it was especially hard fitting in and ma "
" : International Relations expert highlights the link between Chinese expansionism in South Asia and the West.://t.co/o0"
"A Chinese collector of #WarofResistanceagainstJapaneseAggression (1931-45) claimed to have found evidence that prov "
"   Odd you don care about the threat of Chinese+Russian subs to our armed forces-y "
"Freedom for Chinese Christians is a myth !! "
" has published the 25th ed. of its #UCITS Q&amp;A, which includes a new Q&amp;A ID 1089 for Irish #UCITS, wh "
" : Sheng Xue, a Chinese-Canadian writer, is the victim of a relentless campaign of discreditation by blog, Listserv, e-book"
" I answered B, but only because I'm very liberal with my interpretation of measured. I am an INTP Aqua "
" So many lessons from teachers far &amp; wide: once in Quaker Meeting - translated into English from th "
" : New Asian Escorts #Mina at  Hire this high-class Asian escorts that are available in #Edinburgh for #incalls and #ou"
" : Amazing show of unity from Muslims in New Zealand. A Chinese businessman just donated $2 million to Christchurch Muslims "
" : Looks like China is feeling the heat from Del Rosario/Carpio/Filipino fishermen complaint filed at  . Ambas"
"This is actually where the other 27 countries are trying to work together, protecting industries from being taken o "
"And selling of the country to the Chinese, could be what Rees-Smugg, Banksky and chums think is interesting to line "
"Also the FDI numbers are only useful, if you interpret them correctly, which you do not, Mr. . See, "
" : Thats the practical theory... But no need to alarm anyone... Congress in its current avatar is NEVER coming back to power..."
" "
" : 1/n This is #CPEC (#ChinaPakistanEconomicCorridor) . Chinese are fooling Pakistanis with their #MadeInChina products th"
"weird ko talaga pag nanunuod ng chinese drama kahit di naman nakakaiyak, umiiyak ako HAHAHAAH"
" : Interested in reading some background and history about Chinese jets crossing the centerline of the Taiwan Strait? I wrot"
" Ganda kasi ni leera e  :)))))))))))))))))))))) daming haters ninakawan ng username tas nan "
" : Naturally busty blue eyed brunette #Kara is a girl who will transform your evening into a night to remember!! Call to meet he"
" : T:  S:  [qiao3 ke1 li4] = chocolate qiao3 ke1 li4 han2 you3 jian1 guo3 cheng2 fen4 m"
" : It's rude and ignorant, like calling all people of Asian descent Chinese. telling US citizens, Canadians, Brits, S"
" :  fuck off you idiot. you married a chinese spypologist "
"Twenty-two children born in Chinese women, whose father is "
" : Ok na kay Jim Paredes, umamin na! Now back to regular programming... mga big time Chinese Drug Lords...Paaaasooook"
" :  Look! #Ethiopian mob beats #Chinese business owners and their associates as the #Ethiopia armed Army/Fed Po"
"  will industrialists and businessmen like Mallya, Modi, Choksi. of Italian-Chinese mafia"
" : 5G rollout needs to be handled as a strategic rather than a mere technological choice: our new  report discussing th"
" : China vows to take over Nigeria main assets over unpaid Loans  government is now at risk of losing its mai"
" :  Seeks Documents Potentially Showing FBI Ignored Intelligence Community IG Evidence That Chinese Hacked Clinton S"
"If all Americans were producing snot at the rate that I currently am, we could finally stop importing low quality Chinese snot."
" :  Stephen Meyer of the  recounted how a Chinese paleontologist he was hosting said In China, we may qu"
" :  asked Taiwanese a question:  to China, would you surrender and allow Chinese"
"to be my best friend too lol  There's really something in the Chinese that's bit different but with every acti "
" : Vote ANC at your own risk. Ramaphosa cut ties with Jianbao Chen, chairman of Chinese company Huarong Energy Afr"
" : Many people woke up today wishing they made better financial choices 20 years ago. 20 years from now people will be"
" :  Elaine Chao, who led protests against the Cox Report on Chinese espionage in America, which she described a"
" : There are 100 monuments to the Irish Famine, but to this day the only memorial to the Great Chinese Famine is one made by h"
"Lawsuit Seeks Documents Potentially Showing FBI Ignored Intelligence Community IG Evidence That Chinese Hacked Clin "
"Plz can you spell in my Langue witch is Chinese not Spanish but not anything but English"
" : It too early to be craving Chinese huh? "
" "
"   "
" : For the Indonesian military, one Chinese fishing militia vessel violating Indonesia's EEZ off Natuna Islands is one too m"
" : Esquire China updated Weibo with Sehun. After having three Chinese magazines in the span of 2 months, he continues get"
" : Are Pak Turkey and Saudi Arabia sitting on fences to switch sides from Western block to Russian Chinese sides? Are they"
" Which Chinese restaurant"
"Detective Pikachu (2019) | Official Chinese Poster "
" : Chinese President Xi Jinping has urged civil affairs authorities to focus on poverty alleviation, special groups and i"
"i love traditional Chinese literature and poems"
"        Wonder if "
" try hitting 9 it is suppose to remove you from calling list.  it doesn't they are very illega "
" : Chinese Ambassador appreciates Pakistan's efforts to accelerate #CPEC projects particularly  groundbreaking of western r"
"Determined not to be left behind by the Chinese, Harvard researchers now say they are going to start using CRISPr 9 "
"Wasn one of the servers in the bathroom weirdos giving all access to Chinese spies/government "
"Chinese Tourists to Visit Italy in Greater Numbers | .TR "
" Chinese"
"It always a fucking hater! "
"For those who wring their hands over unpredictable voting results a nation's president or a potential split fr "
" : Yesterday, Panelo claimed that a diplomatic protest already filed against China on the reported presence of Chinese vesse"
"Ramadhan almost around the corner. My chinese friends are excited for bazar but the saddest thing is tak sempat nak "
" : Chinese drone tech is maturing with time. Loong II UCAV is likely to become part of PAF arsenal in near future. "
"BELLWORK: 3/9 Describe the beginning of the Manchurian Incident. Why was there a discrepancy between Japanese and C "
" Done 2 but attempting Chinese league players will be too much of a chore. Especially when coming up agai "
" : Hey, you can see that my eyes are full of you. think that is the feeling of secret love&gt;.&lt;:  From Netease L"
" Chinese food!"
" : Throwback to When a Chinese court sentenced two government officials to death for corruption. If only that policy can be"
"   Senator Blackburn is asking all the right questions here. She gets it. Us "
" : *Not a scene from drama, just a photo from Chinese badminton magazine*:  "
" :  Since you are #berozgar or going to be! It's time for you to go to himalaya, for self-introspection, sole sea"
"TransCycle: Uzbek, Sesotho, Slovenian, Hawaiian, Dutch, Turkish, Macedonian, Chinese (Traditional), Hmong"
" Experts aise tweet pe kya comments hona chahiye.... its like speaking Chinese"
"who cares if i throw away my ancestry; dubs sound shit in anime"
" : Get home the Chinese factor of eating with Bechef's Kung Pao sauce. The will give you chills and twist of flavors all over"
"    There are people (when I say this, I mean me) who have lived all ov "
"Friendly advice to our not-so-friendly neighbour. , If it's both Cheap &amp; Chinese, Don't Buy It! "
"Major Chinese-made web browsers are reportedly blocking 996ICU's GitHub repo "
" so youre mixed but you cant speak malay OR CHINESE?? some of us were neglected as a child karen"
" : My latest (and first) piece for  tells the story of Hsue-Shen Tsien (Qian Xuesen), the Chinese student at Caltec"
"Marka waayaha iyo taariikhda laga hadlayo ma jirto cid ceyb ka saliim ah oo xaqiiqda sheegta, qof kasta se sidu wa "
"Chinese Academy of Sciences said that having an integrated research facility for key systems of fusion reactors is "
" "
" : Have you ever wondered how travellers on the Silk Roads coped without google translate? Well, they carried around some multilin"
" This morning my office despatch come  to my office and said kau org penang en? Umah kau okay x "
" Chinese are twenty times the threat of Russia. China steals EVERYTHING, paint formulas, corn seeds, p "
" in  usa , there is  a  bumper  sticker        life is a b=tch ,   then you get to die ;       eternal "
" :  raised the [Uyghur] issue directly with the Premier and with the President. You can't do much more than that. Raise"
" Sorry. I thought they go perfectly with the Chinese jukebox I sent you last week."
"   sooooo End Game at the TCL Chinese Theater ?"
"  Chinese Nationals lifted themselves out. Not the CCP cult."
" We are still Furious her chauffeur was a Chinese spy worked for her for twenty years and got off wit "
" : People from Black Caribbean, Black African, Chinese and South Asian backgrounds are more at risk of Type 2 diabetes. F"
"    I m more philosophical. No one should expect others to stand st "
"Chinese sounds so good "
" : Guyana - Illness outbreak: A statement from the Public Health Ministry Monday night said that health officials have ruled"
"Ive seen in a mall so handsome like chinese guy but then he's looking at me too lol  I think he has a crush on "
" :  #  #  # "
"FALSE: everyone knows Chinese is the best leftovers "
"Randomly saw my boyfriend at a Chinese restaurant I eating at with my friends HAHAHAH so this is how it feels lik "
" We will solve the Chinese problem ourselves we are close as family members."
" : Neri Colmenares is calling on groups and personalities to join protest movements against the Chinese occupation of the"
"  "
" : Thread. you know... a million Muslims are in detention camps where they are forced to eat pork, drink alcohol"
" : McLaren loads up on softs in China #F1 tyre picks:://t.co/zn4cy3etCt"
"   U faggots worry abt ur shithole 1st. India is in 'world's richest' list too "
" has offshore gas, timber, minerals and precious stones, not least jade  the country most valuable natur "
"MANILA, Philippines  The Philippines has filed a diplomatic protest with China over the presence of hundreds of Ch "
"Chinese boxer fights depression to be 'Queen of the Ring' - "
" hmmm. A Chinese colleague of mine  asked if she could touch my hair, i could have snapped but she is a "
" : Beth Dawson explores how artists are  past the dichotomy of Chinese constraint vs. global (particularly Western) free"
"As ethnic Kyrgyz and Kazakhs continue to disappear into Chinese detention, Bishkek and Nur-Sultan are staying quiet. "
"I can see you on April 24th, victory for Chinese fans "
"BELLWORK: 3/24 Describe the beginning of the Manchurian Incident. Why was there a discrepancy between Japanese and "
" : MY CHINESE TEACHER WHO I CONVEED INTO AN IKUN USED A PICTURE OF KUN FOR  DYEING I LITERALLY GASPED IN CLASS AND FR"
"im not fussed about getting avengers endgame tickets ill just watch a half brazilian half russian version with blur "
"Transformation-through-education centres is the euphemistic term the Chinese government prefers to use for these "
" :  hirap mag-expain. I-judge niyo nalang ako.  Chinese prover"
"4h of Chinese tomorrow "
" The Sovereignty of North Korea depends on your leadership, don't back down Asian, Chinese, Koreans must stand together"
" : In1949 #Tibet was invaded by Chinese troops who  raped, tortured and murdered  1.2 million .No genocide? https://"
" : Ye jo her taraf CPEC shaadiyan ho rahi hain, iss mien saray Chinese larkay hi kyu hain? Koi Chinese larki kyu nahi? Ai"
"WIP #29 is out:- FB fight for the right to follow- Google controversial AI council- The flowering de-Google "
" : Concerned about a leaked video scandal of a private individual but not that of a misogynistic, sexist highest public off"
"It really is! It kinda makes me glad I not in a relationship sometimes! "
" : Where We Live: Portland's Lan Su Chinese Garden "
" Is that when African-Americans were marginalized or worse? When the Irish, Italians, Chinese, native Ame "
"Chinese boxer fights depression to be 'Queen of the Ring' "
" : Stray Kids( ) &lt;Cl 1 : MIROH&gt;-TALK JYP X 3RACHA, Japanese, &amp; Chinese subtitles are now available!"
" Lucky Chinese and very lucky these girls.."
" : Chinese President #XiJinping on Tuesday urged civil affairs authorities to focus on #poverty alleviation, special groups and i"
"Chinese restaurant to sue diner who falsely claimed its napkin dispensers had maggots "
" I ate Chinese food after drinking nd my body did not appreciate that"
"SUPER JUNIOR-M -M 'Super Girl' MV Chinese Ver. "
" : Chinese Communist Party puppet groups gathered in Vancouver this past Friday for a 'Revival of the Nation and Peaceful Reunif"
" ://t.co/i3seYrstcn"
"U.S. and Chinese manufacturing sectors calming fears of global recession.  "
" : VIDEO: Horror footage shows  racer plough car into Chinese tourists in St Andrews://t.co/pQEg4HSoXJ"
" : Chinese Premier Li Keqiang will travel to Europe on April 8-12 for the 21st #China-#EU leaders' meeting in Brussels, the eight"
" : Other buro #gems: #Chinese wine from 2003 and #Mongolian Chinggis Khan #vodka (year unknown).  "
" : so much BS +lies on . this am Mike (anchor) stated that Chinese mkts out-performing US. so on what planet? $SPY $DIA $IW"
" : I just made a phone call to Chinese embassy in DC,when I said,I am Uighur &amp;I want to know abt my imprisoned &amp;disappeared fam"
" V4 CHINESE | GOODSMILE ONLINE SHOP "
" "
" :  Our contents are now translated in Chinese. Be sure to share ! "
" : One, two, three, little monkey of the chinese"
"Japanese new era, Reiwa () is found in the famous Chinese history book, the Records of the Three Kingdoms (). "
" Yeah my family and i went to a restaurant and ate chinese. Afyer that i got my new jacket and later ill get my other gift :)"
" Your Family Trips have cost America close to 200 Million dollars and counting. as for Florida Trip "
" All russian,chinese and sadi assets"
" the smell omg it haunt me forever  made my own  chinese dinner the other week, this is t "
" : Potentially, Chinese missile launching containers could be stored near the Port of Seattle, waiting for the day they can"
"New Report Shows International Adoption Edging Closer To Extinction -"
" : Pagtaboy ng ating mangingisda sa WPS.  tayong magagawa. - Duterte Chinese vessels paikot -ikot sa Panatag Shoal."
"  Translate these to Hindi and Chinese. It make a bigger difference."
"Bloodiest battle of Chinese Civil War [Eng Sub] "
"10 hours a day for Chinese students ??????     !!!!!/ "
"Finally decided to have a BTS lockscreen (I easing myself into it with a back photo) who cares what the locals t "
" : China's ruthless anti-Muslim drive in Xinjiang has much to do with the increasing strategic importance of that sprawling reg"
" : #WAGA2019 was just kicked off with an invigorating Lion Dance! The lion symbolizes power, wisdom and prosperity in Chinese cul"
" : NEW ON THE BLOG - Today, the latest in our series of articles surveying the state of beer around the world in 2019: Michelle"
" When it comes to your kids, You probably should worry more about your neighbours than the Chinese across the Pacific Ocean."
"All I want tomorrow is some QT and Chinese food. Simple."
"My Chinese associate once said that a stranger cannot betray you.  could have just DM me or sent me cake sin "
" : South Africa has Africa's largest Chinese population (300,000)."
"reddit : Chinese Crypto Exchange "
" Bout to get some bomb Chinese foood. Leggo"
"International Relations expert highlights the link between Chinese expansionism in South Asia and the West. "
" : DIA Officer Spied for Chinese as Part of   don have to look very far back to remember that Sen. Diann"
"6 bahasa resmi PBB: English, French, Arabic, Chinese, Russian dan Spanish."
"#DalaiLama #Taiwan #chinesemedicine Knowledge is power:China &amp; the #Modern #World "
"China seeks help from PH to investigate exploitation of Chinese nationals "
" : 1 TIEBA () = Chinese Fancafe? (1/4) case you dont know what is TIEBA, TIEBA is basically the Chinese equivalent"
"Suck some more Chinese cock Justin you weak kneed, limp dicked fucking weasel. "
" : Chinese army arrives in Venezuela just days after the Russian miltary "
" : From Babe's to the Younkers Tea Room, they all here. "
" : Dear US govt, this is what real aid looks like: China delivers 65 tons of medicine and supplies to Venezuela. Delivery will"
" :    So did the Chinese. But that doesn't mean it's right. Who'll want to prove it's 'space super power'"
" Diane Feinstein had a Chinese Spy for 25 yrs.. clean your own party Shifty Schiffy"
"Anyway, she ordered Chinese.   If they gonna die, they might as well do it with a full stomach."
"  Chinese spy! Shit!"
" Chinese had access to HRC's illegally obtained SAP's on her PC. That is how they learned who our spies i "
" Hahaha sa chinese na novel to tehh"
" : Hi pandas.  to save a life. ://t.co/X00gkuBNoW : it's chinese subs so maybe pray some kind souls will convert it t"
" Online there a transcript of Lucas and Spielberg brainstorming Indiana Jones. when I read Lucas "
" You done zero for USA you so busy playing with Russia, Saudis the Chinese so keep holding on "
" Chinese criminals stopped buying"
"  Here lies the problem with hand wringing MP ,do you honestly think thousands of years "
" : Europe is Chinese is African is Asian is Muslim is Jewish is Black is trans i"
" : Painted Chinese zodiac: rabbit  Google) people born under the rabbit sign are compassionate, sensitive, and cre"
"Is this a April Fools joke a day late. Next thing we'll learn is that it is one of the Son of Fidels Chosen Syrian "
"   Alexleyba, this is epic. Play 'Flicktrip: Chinese food and movies'"
" : The best way to mitigate the risks of #Huawei 5G is to not install it in the first place. Good point  &amp; "
" That is not how it works. The farmers are in trouble because the Chinese reacted wisely to your stupid tariffs "
"Woke up to Chinese food "
"It could influence future policy decisions in favor of China. This clearly weakens a US liberal hegemonic grip in "
" HAHAHHAHAHA JEREMY AD PUNYA KAU AMIK CHINESE GUY TU danny ke apa tah"
"Researchers from Keen Labs in China, one of the most widely respected cybersecurity research groups in the world, h "
" : Alibaba's real business? Selling online advertising. Stop thinking it's Amazon in Chinese!  Ad Shift Shows Pat"
"Major Chinese-made web browsers are reportedly blocking 996ICU's GitHub repo "
" If Knox is like Chinese take out then Mudiay is like week old leftover food that seems to pass the init "
"Pati ba naman sa yosihan sinisingitan ako ng pwesto ng chinese"
" : I spoke on a panel about Huawei a few weeks ago, and I wrote an article about it. don't know if HW is or isn't guilt"
" because Chinese market dropped 20%+"
" : Pueblos de Granada en ingl:: Clam. : Quicklime houses. : Field Tile. : Ten mo"
" : Chinese Company paying for ads against Modi's Opposition in Indian Election. In Chine, Companies do what the Chinese Govt tel"
" :          The real Xenophobic peo"
" awaam ko Pata hai HAQ ki ladai mai PTI behtar hai...iss ka muu bolta saboot multan kay elections h "
"12yo Chinese schoolboy carries disabled friend to class every day for six years | Newshub "
" : White privilege doesn't exist, but it should, because this is our country and our people should be put first. Imagine com"
"How a controversial Chinese tech company is conquering the world://t.co/FJdePQu1lP"
"Chinese boxer fights depression to be 'Queen of the Ring' "
" So many questions. It appears unlikely that we would default because of that Marcos era decree. But "
" What?? Haha no, in chinese is xiexie."
"Check out the resonance occurring in the Chinese Spouting Bowl! #physicsisfun #WErTJ "
" : Twenty-four high school students will get to learn Chinese and astronomy at the same camp at UNG this summer thanks to an NSA"
"Had a dream that I unintentionally bought $30 of mall Chinese food (???) and they fucked up 90% of the order and wo "
"It's not a strange or unusual feeling. When I come home to you #Flushing I feel as if I am coming home to the woman "
"Chinese tech giant Tencent plans $5 billion dollar bond sale: sources "
"  "
"  Traditional AND simplified Chinese?"
"AIVD waarschuwt voor Chinese apparatuur /via  AIVD begint parano te worden je iets niet moet gelove "
" : Russia sent a letter to Colombia's Congress threatening to retaliate if any foreign military force interfered in Venezu"
"Chinese version  "
" : Blackpink offical (tiktok chinese version) account uploads all members teaser videos expect ROS...ROS and her mistr"
"I want some olive garden chicken an gnocchi soup with some salad an breadstick but then I want some Chinese an chicken wings ."
"The  has published the 33rd edition of the AIFMD Q&amp;A which includes a new Q&amp;A ID 1130 in relation to "
"#electriccars Chinese biggest EV charging service providers are cutting cooperation with Orange Energy, the chargin "
" Chinese tug shop, sex( wife only) PC party of Canada ( conservatives who think they are trump)"
"Chinese sovereign wealth fund CIC picks new chairman "
" : [MUST LISTEN] The history of Chinese South Africans  ---&gt; "
"  Let me try and bring attention again. Needs mentioned, They knew for a fact, "
"Chinese Govt offers financial reward for turning in Christians - The Christian InstituteThe Christian Institute "
" : No indigenous #Japanese words begin with an [r]. Word-initial [r] only occurs in borrowings from foreign languages like Ch"
" :  Sandra Bullock ordering Chinese food in TWO WEEKS NOTICE. Joe Pesci speech about  better, just d"
" : Taiwan will forcibly expel Chinese planes after recent Taiwan Strait boundary violation: "
"Mobay man Dem nuh play so these chinese better be careful "
" : Chinese Dissidents Feel Heat of Beijing Wrath. Even in Canada. - The New York Times "
" : Bosnia takes a headlong jump into a Chinese debt trap to the tune of  million to build major power plant in Tuzla. If EU"
" : NHK E 04/02 23:30  #nhketv # "
"    Here in Western Michigan we're really in the wrong time zone. Should cut the "
"it's so hard to memorise chinese name"
"   Answers to what? I don't need to provide answers, YOU DO!  Get it?  Yo "
"The return of the Chinese Spouting Bowl! A great example of resonance #physicsisfun #WErTJ "
" : #VOA h"
"    No doubt that the Iraq war is the stupidest mistake since I "
"   Northwestern Chinese is an interesting way to erase the culture of Xinjiang. Not h "
"Chinese kindergarten teacher detained for poisoning 23 children  "
" There never a bad time for Chinese take out, Katie"
"  You will need to understand it good that our economy is at an all-time low right now. We n "
" : On 28th March, Amb Wu Peng attended the 2019 Kenya-China Economic and Trade Association (KCETA) Forum and met with CEOs o"
" : Learn Mandarin #Chinese online with a video course and memory palace. "
"The  has issued the 25th edition of its UCITS Q&amp;A which includes a new Q&amp;A ID 1089 in relation to Ir "
"President XI returned China six days ago from a week long Europe visit, and now Premier leaving for the same contin "
"Today is a CHALLENGING DAY - Avoid major decisions &amp; practice good self-care today. . Chinese Almanac date "
"BTC PUMP explained Refund in USA  taxes for btc profits Street bonus ($27.5 billions in total)  "
" : A new Chinese international poster for  PIKACHU has been officially released. (Source: ) https:/"
" : Chinese construction, troop movement again in Doklam: Report "
" : Accusing migrants of carrying diseases has a long history in the US: Italians/polio, Jews/TB, Chinese/plague. Those assertion"
"Let me try and bring this again. Needs mentioned, They knew for a fact, #BillClinton was taking Campaign Monies fro "
" Chinese buyers must have dried up"
" : A talented Chinese man used sand to create incredible 3D paintings in northern China. The video shows a fish, a cave, a bridge,"
"My bad for ordering at a Chinese place...  is NO Bueno. Don't order here... if product doesn't arrive the "
" : Tesla spokesperson told "
" : Chinese Casanova dates 19 women at the same time and swindles them out of their savings "
"Chinese Epic Drama is impressive and touching. Never thought that I could be drawn into the story telling of Eternal Love."
" Like fish in a Chinese restaurant aquarium, OP"
" : BBC News - Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children's porridge "
" It's not a universal language without ll sounds as in Welsh &amp; Navajo, tones as in Chinese ir clicks as i "
" : Being mixed people think I malay or I chinese when actually I baby"
"  May I ask what kind of software you use, or would it be some kind of ancient Chinese secret, by chance?"
"  Broman ,We must pay Chinese loan"
" :  "
"Chinese boxer fights depression to be 'Queen of the Ring' "
" : AIVD waarschuwt voor Chinese apparatuur "
"  Chinese prawn hackers "
"Are you inside or outside the  triangles for China market tourism?  shares how Chinese tourism "
"WEBPicks: Dynamic color palettes and Chinese influences communicate the myriad of businesses in  n "
"i hate chinese people"
"#DidYouknow in Chinese mythology, the cat symbolizes protection against evil spirits. #pethacks #cats"
"Ideologically, the US doesn't believe in free lunches but gave them to Pakistan; the Chinese on the other hand subs "
"This Chinese people will collect even our sitting positions please advocate against "
"Get home the Chinese factor of eating with Bechef's Kung Pao sauce. The will give you chills and twist of flavors a "
" : Chinese tech company #Huawei on Sunday unveiled its Mate X, a foldable #5G ready smartphone that will retail for 2,299 euros ("
" : Remains of a chinese lantern found on Tryfan today (now in my bin). How is it these have not been made illegal yet?? "
"Chinese Boxer Trounces Stereotypes, Depression to Become 'Queen of the Ring'://t.co/jSXt9Kpauj "
"Practice your Chinese skills: hu shu p t hu ma you speak Mandarin?.. Chinese in Chin "
"One just cannot survive well by working three hours or less a week. Last week, five hours. I eat a lot of couscous "
" "
" : #Taiwan says it will forcefully expel Chinese jets next time they cross the Taiwan Strait median line "
" Ako aaway sakanila iba magalit chinese diba??? May free trial for them"
" : Diplomats, activists decry Chinese 'threats' at UN rights council - CNA  "
"I love when I see entitled &amp; retired baby boomers come up to Kitimat from Vancouver thinking they know how the rest "
"Herein lies a post of extremely good articles about China that I implore you to read:://t.co/vO8kyuddMU "
"that chinese kid from spiderman and the latino guy from ant man are funny af"
"Less than 10% of mainland Chinese have passports (120m people). Imagine when this number goes up"
"Sorry ya cmn mau nanya doang. Disini ada yg keturunan chinese, batak, atau bali gak? Angkat tangannya   Kl "
" Chinese maal."
"Feinstein had Chinese spy for 25 yrs, Congress had Pakistan  for years, Clinton e mails were hacked by Chin "
" love you ,sir ,i am in chinese "
" : Here is the Chinese exclusive poster of Detective Pikachu~ May 10th in China confirmed. #DetectivePikachu "
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat? "
"Chinese destroyers cruise missile strikes sink a Japanese DDG at Senkaku and wipe out F-35s at Okinawa.  Rookie mis "
"Chinese sovereign wealth fund CIC picks new chairman"
"I want mass amounts of Chinese food"
"Intrigued by  read on Chinese strategy 4 India I am going to read  book  "
"   Oh yes, own real estates  plus a ton of Chinese stocks. US stock wis "
" I mean Dre Parker didn either. It just be the karate kid part 2 female addition. With the perk of "
" : The government has strictly implemented the RA 10654 on small fisherfolks, but still allowed Chinese fishermen to illegally f"
"Now I'm addicted to chinese drama, help"
" :    Chinese are our main enemy I don't understand PAKISTANI PM is not understanding"
": (Chinese) (idiomatic) To laugh uproariously; to burst out laughing. "
"    I take free chow main for team before game and I ask G "
" : Great read from  that captures the junction between euphoria and darkness in the Chinese Internet - if the tone"
" "
" : [92]  (Tsai Chia Hao): Source Music: 22 Type: AB: 183cm: 63kg Period: 1 year and"
" : 2-4 Wengui 3/29/2019 - Stick and Bread  is supposed to bring: ) Stick: Overturn the ruling of CCP and restore Ru"
" : So cool to see our  app in Korean &amp; Chinese already :-) As we are aiming to a global launch, with sports teams who"
" : Investor Kathy Xu Rockets To 2019 Midas List Top Ten As Power Of Chinese Startups Grows #ForbesMidas "
" Hello I am a Chinese brake-free plant export price excessive price of products in the most opportun "
"Eindelijk eens iets zinnigs van de #AIVD al moet ik eraan toevoegen dat de #Amerikanen ook meekijken met ons dus da "
"mad respect for our chinese ARMYs!!!!! all of your efforts re very much appreciated  "
" I voted with my duolingo beginner and Chinese background kanji knowledge!!... it's like I was "
"   The Awan brothers were running a spy ring in Congress thanks to Debbie Wa "
"Reminder that while  Democrats clutch their pearls over this nothing burger WH security clearance story (ev "
"This Chinese guy in front of my , kulit diaa flawlesss nyaaa"
"   Chinese are our main enemy I don't understand PAKISTANI PM is not understan "
" Hello I am a Chinese brake-free plant export price excessive price of products in the most opportunity to cooperate my friend"
"  Grid layout of square words works better with Chinese than English."
" "
"Chinese military Power - Power Red Dragon 2019 "
" :  can understand how German telecom providers are so naive about Huawei, a senior German security official told my coll"
"    A Canadian who is Chinese or how about just a Canadian"
" : They didn't care about emails. And you know how you know? Because if they did, they'd be up in arms right now as the Chine"
"  You are making my point for me. last try was using USA policy as an example th "
"# "
" Hello I am a Chinese brake-free plant export price excessive price of products in the most opportunity to cooperate my friend"
" You are an expert in Asian basketball!,he is Doncic in Chinese version://t.co/9flOZ6rb99"
" : Chaeyeon saying  you in chinese to a fan  fanservice queen. We do not deserve  ://t.co/eVGBnAn9lc"
"#Canada #China #POC://t.co/E7i6U8T9B6"
" "
" CANADIAN SOFTBALL KAKAKAKAK  ja escutou chinese football alias? eu descobri esses tempos e ach "
"Debating if I want kfc or Chinese this morning , I just can eat breakfast food right now ."
"why do you annoying ninner chinese sodomites always put random ass negro  you dense bart simpsons"
"Today's tip in how to do successful crime from the Mt. Pleasant police: If your $100 has Chinese writing on the bac "
"How should we promote high-tech innovation that serves business and society while also  protecting national securit "
" You guys will die just because your inheritance. Control yourself &amp; country. At stop selling your girls to Chinese."
" : Did  lose her security clearance when her driver of 20 YRS was found to be a Chinese Spy? Liddle Schitt"
" chinooooooooo"
" : ETEnergyworld | Ukraine's Naftogaz gets Chinese backing for $1 bn in loans and investment "
" : I wish Thor would have been a chinese/Japanese character, so that we could call him NINJA HATHORI"
"  "
" I think these unexploded bombs deserves space in museum's more than to be destroyed. chinese mal kharedt "
"Chinese boxer fights depression to be 'Queen of the Ring' "
"On 28th March, Amb Wu Peng attended the 2019 Kenya-China Economic and Trade Association (KCETA) Forum and met with "
" When you say India imposes import duty on Chinese goods, it is the government, which is basically a gr "
"  unfortunately, Canadians consume Chinese made products at an amazing rate. Canada is ad "
"  The US should follow China's model. No money is sent for relief, only credits that are "
" Yeah, except he is very corrupt, along with his son Hunter, don tell me your dad got some of that U "
"Check out this item from my shop: Vtg Chinese Blue &amp; White Indigo Dyed Batik #vintagebatik  #tablerunner #etsy "
"Huawei is heavily subsidized by the Chinese government allowing it to sell 5G technology at prices that undercut it "
"Tweede fase Chinese begraafplaats op "
" : China has resumed fresh construction at #Doklam and even increased there military presence during last few days #Chinese"
" the fact that almost a quarter of the preorders just come from chinese fanbases. scary"
"AIVD waarschuwt voor Chinese apparatuur "
"My vLog (video) and blog post detailing our experience last 2019 Chinese New Year, Feb 5 with my GoPro and cellphon "
"my point is that us, muslims and even people that are against racism etc, should help our brothers by posting on so "
"why is all of this happening? because the chinese government thinks that 'these people suffer from religious extrem "
"Junker on #China #OBOR push into Southern #Europe:  country isn able to condemn Chinese human rights poli "
" Hello I am a Chinese brake-free plant export price excessive price of products in the most opportunity to cooperate my friend"
""
"Okey2 so last XT I was in lvl 3. And this XT 5 of my friends are in the highest lvl, lvl 11. Oml I suck at Chinese."
"TransCycle: Vietnamese, Hausa, Latin, Igbo, Yoruba, Maltese, Armenian, Chinese (Traditional), Ukrainian"
" :     I'm trying to exploit Trump's ICE policies against undesirable immigrants ("
"Chinese Aussie CITIZEN harassed by Australian customs!! How will they treat TOURISTS?? #BOYCOTTAUSTRALIA "
" : Eastern Influence Week: This c.1909 cocoon coat was woven with roundels that loosely reference Chinese Imperial symbols. T"
" "
" Hello I am a Chinese brake-free plant export price excessive price of products in the most opportun "
" What if it's the Chinese government and this is a sleeper cell trigger event for you to rampage throu "
"  5. Persuaded the Chinese jigger fleet not to fish in the Falkland Islands. Attempted to "
" : A Chinese woman has been exposed! be exposed    "
" IM chinese &gt;:( u "
" : A preliminary investigation has revealed that sodium nitrite, which is used for curing meats but can be toxic when inge"
"The sheer audacity of my body to put on 4 lbs after a fortnight of eating pizza and Chinese "
" Didn senator Feinstein have a Chinese spy in her office for years?! Where was your fake concern ov "
"can someone suggest me any chinese movie/drama ? "
"     The main argument was do i have right to ask for banni "
" : Townsend says #Africa partners have their eyes open on #Russia and #China - If they can't make good on their debt then"
" : Beijing willing to step in to aid Wang Xiyue, Chinese-American scholar imprisoned in Iran, his wife says "
" "
" : The Chinese fans will always support u, love u, su su na~  #perthppe #"
"The Obama admin &amp; the Muslim Brotherhood, #Awan brothers &amp; #DNC spy ring in Congress&amp;  &amp; her Chinese "
" : Chinese kindergarten teacher detained after allegedly poisoning 23 children://t.co/RzydKKJ0nO"
"The United States, Britain, France, Japan and other coalition forces should be prepared for war, and it is imperati "
"Thanks to  for sharing.  Really useful and measured insights into the Chinese economy. #china #economy "
" : Abuja people, get in here.This is how a Chinese rice should look like, they even added dodo, so you get the best of both"
" : The video described Banaue Rice Terraces as  built around 2,000 years ago by the Chinese, which netizens immedia"
"   It doesn have the monopoly; many believe in Chinese medicine or local healing for "
" Why Chinese Public Security is here?!"
"Sick and tired of having to filter through the racist micro-aggressions in academia. Why is every other racial grou "
"grabe mga chinese, sinasakop na din halos 1/4 ng eez ng Philippines."
" : Our Chinese Fried Rice and Chilli Chicken Sauce looks and tastes like it has a PhD from an Ivy League school  "
"En daar is de Nederlandse waarschuwing: AIVD waarschuwt voor Chinese apparatuur "
" : ()  "
"yesterday i was walking through the hallway and i heard someone say  oranges. wow. i can speak chinese what "
"Across Ohio, workers at shuttered American Express plants are furious at China's unfair trade practices. We used t "
"Congrats to Kathy Xu of Capital Today on making her first appearance on  #MidasList at #6! "
"Taiwan is cracking down on video streaming services of Chinese tech giants Baidu and Tencent Holdings, citing natio "
" : #Philippines protests over #Chinese vessels in disputed waters next to Thitu island in the #SouthChinaSea "
" : A big long-term risk in my view is a potentially bifurcated internet as #China continues to push its idea of #internet sover"
"Chinese Casanova dates 19 women at the same time and swindles them out of their savings "
"Apple has slashed prices on iPhones, iPads and other products on its official Chinese website "
"I'll be honest. I love StarLadder events, but man the background noise from other casters screaming in chinese is s "
"        "
" : Why am I always craving a Chinese?"
" : The Chinese sell massive swastika flags and uniforms and U go after the Lego  "
"Chinese Chicken and Noodles. Tender rice noodles, slick from a sweet and sour glaze, speckled with seared chicken a "
" Samadhi  -  -Samadhi Part 1- Chinese Narration "
" ch"
" : So with all these new bills the Singapore gov has finally spelt it out.  Singapore pledge is only meant for Chinese En"
"  ha ham toh curry bana ke khaate hai, Chinese hai ham"
"Occasional found vocab - taboret -a low stool or small table ...the only other furniture was a small dressing tabl "
" :  of no faith to your country was DOF Secretary Carlos G. Dominguez III retort to critics fearing government won "
"Why people still prefer this Chinese Godzilla is beyond my comprehension  "
" : Chinese hackers make Tesla drive into oncoming traffic (VIDEO) "
" : As a former movie theater employee, the important thing is to CLEAN UP YOUR OUTSIDE FOOD.'s bad enough to sweep up a"
"Russian #Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat? - #Africa #Banking "
" : 1.4m? After buying 2k followers over one night and 10k followers over another!  Instagram took away the Chinese and Asi"
" : As the #Chinese government seeks to be a world leader in #AI research, Chinese parents gradually realise that tradition"
" : You can see... dissident artist  trans rights advocate   drug reh"
"a donghua or chinese animation to be more precise"
"ICYMI: Diplomatic protest ng  kaugnay ng sangkatutak na Chinese vessels sa Pag-asa Island, hindi isasapublik "
" I don speak chinese so.. no "
"AIVD waarschuwt voor Chinese apparatuur "
"QuiaPEG - Presents at ChinaBio Partnering in Shanghai. The interest of Chinese pharmaceutical companies and inves "
" Was not in favor to buy Chinese mi "
" : Diplomats and activists denounced intense Chinese lobbying, pressure and even threats to rein in criticism of Beijing at the"
"New post: McLaren pick softest tyre selection for China | 2019 Chinese Grand Prix "
" oh no i meant to specify i didn mean only chinese ppl not u! i didn want my words to be taken as "
"If #China can Do this to Chinese, What About Everyone Else? And Animals?   "
" : A Chinese security service provider has issued a warning that a large number of crypto exchanges have been targeted by"
" The TCL Chinese in Hollywood, otherwise known as Grauman Chinese before they sold off the naming rights."
" : No Canadian hires for four years at Chinese-owned B.C. mine; will take four years before it hires even a single Canadian mi"
"        "
"Chinese clones of Anderson Powepoles via AliExpress. Cheaper-feeling plastic, some random branding (GEN), crimp ter "
" Y only chinese operators what about the others businesses dont they need protection?... plus if the "
" : Follow us to get inspired for the amazing stories of Chinese people."
""
"the boy i absolutely adore and perhaps love wished me a happy chinese new year and it was the best day of my life."
" : Both U.S. and Chinese economic data is coming in stronger than expected, which will help support this rally.  gives"
" : Chinese teapot Yising with Pandas and Bamboo pattern 220g - TEA02 #ChineseAntiques #etsytrendin"
"Chinese foreign minister meets with his Mongolian counterpart in Beijing #China #Mongolia "
"Chinese Ambassador appreciates Pakistan's efforts to accelerate #CPEC projects particularly  groundbreaking of west "
" It's ok man this is on them. They'll get bought by Chinese"
"  "
"How does uncle ride the public transit then? *scoff* He doesn't know how... NO SOCIAL MEDIA. I don't care wh "
"  chinese stuff"
" Order a pizza (or Chinese) and keep it rolling. Plan it ahead of time so you not having to figure it out before you leave."
" I had an Indian Sunday and Chinese last night, can confirm both were completely worth suggestions "
" This is really not it. Also, lo mein does leave me bloated, but I don't know if I trust a white woman to "
" : My #Chinese Appetite: Yunnan cuisine "
"I ACTUALLY HAVE OPENING NIGHT TICKETS TO  ENDGAME AT THE CHINESE THEATER!!!!!!"
" : Not the cry, but the flight of the wild duck, leads the flock to fly and follow. - Chinese Prover"
" : Jackie Chan's son and Chris Tucker's daughter join forces to take on the kingpin of the New York Chinese underworld to aven"
" :  | Precio promedio del Petr venezolano cerr en 413,28 Yuanes.[Semana del 25/03 al 29/03 del a 2019] de"
" All thanks to Chinese made bomb "
" : Chinese internet giant #Baidu will launch a #selfdriving taxi service in Changsha, Central China's Hunan province, in the s"
"Kya bhai China se khride te kya.. koi ni diwali mai v hme chinese patakhe kai br dhoka de jate hain. smjoge ki "
"    I did authorisations for mostly Chinese students. These paym "
"whether you speak english, french, korean, filipino, chinese or etc., in stan twitter we have the same language and "
"The Chinese Civil War - Blood for Unity l HISTORY OF CHINA "
"This Chinese poster of #pikachudetective, tho!  "
"As the #Chinese government seeks to be a world leader in #AI research, Chinese parents gradually realise that tradi "
"I need a big cry session and some Chinese food."
" : here comes another chinese earthquake ebrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbr"
"         "
" :   If tomorrow a poll would say Chinese people are his base he would dress like an egg roll."
" : This is why we need a Space Force. People in DC and the Dems laugh at Trump and mock his call for a Space Force but wha"
"  I guess they were correct about getting things from china. all chinese goods have no guarantee "
"     "
"  Ok na yan safe bet na ali at jfc dami expansion ng jfc tapos boom realstate ngayon dahil sa mga chinese"
"I'm not good at reading Chinese, but I'm guessing the green text is advertising Chilli and Dead Sheep? "
" : Vital reporting by  the new proxy war in the #Caribbean. #development ://t.co/xo5NLqUrOp"
"China premier telecommunications company, Huawei, has risen to power through a combination of force, fraud and co "
"Right. Unlike the US and Chinese tests which left no debris at all. "
" : The Prime Minister of New Zealand  stated that she raised situation in #EastTurkistan directly with the C"
"Border Closure Would Take Another Whack at South Dakota Farmers: John Tsitrian points out that Donald Trump irrat "
" : #BREAKING Suspect wanted in alleged armed kidnapping of 22-year-old Chinese national Lu Wanzhen surrenders to police:"
" "
"  As far as I know the Chinese generally don't eat dog meat-Koreans do. Pork is the Chinese staple"
"   2020"
" :        Nick names of PS, I'm so sorry, because it's th"
" Yeah, I buy my mum one and all the other chinese mums have it already lmao"
"Huy! Nag guwa ko sa apartment tapos may neighbor ko gali nga cute? Na Chinese? Like, balik nyo samin ang dapat samin."
" :  significant development will eliminate Chinese drug traffickers ability to alter fentanyl compounds to get aroun"
" :  "
"A new AI achieves its best ever mark on a set of English exam questions. And it was built by a Chinese company... "
"  "
"While children are ripped from their families and detained to death at the US borders. Don't policing around other "
"Now I getting Chinese robo calls "
" :  China was fighting terrorism, why would authorities detain my parents, who had sacrificed their lives working for the"
"  "
" : We be meeting in the Lake Superior room in the Oakland Center today! Come by between 12 and 1 to talk about Chinese Sociali"
" : Sheng Xue, a Chinese dissident, thought she'd have a safe life in Canada. Then she became the victim of online character"
"Zambales Governor Deloso said that the Chinese have literally bought the entire mountains by using the pretext they "
"The Chinese zodiac says this is my year of bad luck and it couldn be more right"
" boys give more advice "
"Not sure if this fits here, but I kind of got some vaporwave vibes from it. Found it at my local Asian Supermarket, "
" What poterkar uncle? R U fool. You have to know if we have not done it, Chinese spying for Pakistanis "
"Chinese boxer fights depression to be 'Queen of the Ring' "
"News: Phil Wallace has rejected further talks with American, Chinese and Canadian parties who were interested in be "
"  I said it last week the Biden hit job by the Obamas would ratchet up, the groping, now is cor "
"In Iron Man 3, the Mandarin says True story about fortune cookies. They look Chinese. They sound Chinese. But they "
"Chinese boxer fights depression to be 'Queen of the Ring' - "
"No Canadian hires for four years at Chinese-owned B.C. mine; will take four years before it hires even a single Can "
" Blender jak semua mushroom jgn ambk mushroom nok chinese ya. Pasya masak mcm biasa."
"  There an old Chinese proverb that goes something like  man who receives lengthy "
"()   "
"()   "
" "
"()  "
"Sameer Verma loses to Chinese Shi Yuqi in his opening campaign at #MalaysiaOpen2019. "
"Opinion | Keep the Chinese #government away from #5G #technology #China"
"Meet the #Jadeheart Roller. This Chinese skincare tool will cool, tighten, and de-puff your face in few minutes. "
" "
"#Japan Intercepts 2 Chinese Long-Range Bombers, Spy Plane Over East #China Sea "
" : Naftogaz has secured a $1 billion loan from a Chinese state credit agency. The money will help Naftogaz to expand its gas pro"
" :  "
"The share of hydro projects in Chinese-added capacity has increased to 63% compared to 49% in our 2016 findings. ."
"#NowPlaying  BoldVenture - BoldVenture 1951-04-02 KwamYen(Chinese)Statue currently on Crimetime Old Time Radio- #Oldtimeradio #otr"
" : SEVENTEEN  (Chinese Ver.)' on 2019.02.28 19:00 (KST)#SEVENTEEN ##Home #SEVENTEEN_Home "
"         Judicial Watch Sues For Documents "
"China's Beast first Chinese Class in Ukraine was badly damaged during an accident in 2011, and it no "
"   One Day All will change for Good within This Region. But we will never Acc "
" : Chinese Illustrator Yang Xueguo ("
" : You know it exam season when the library smells like Chinese people"
" : Duterte:  you attack China, its closest missile will hit Manila in seven minutes], (Where are those Chinese missiles loca"
" : Chinese City Offers $1,500 Reward For Informants On  Religious Groups "
"Zo, nu is het wel genoeg geweest over mijn theezakjes op 46 jarige leeftijd he.  voor Chinese thee. /"
"The fate of the China-backed Myitsone Dam, a massive hydropower project in Myanmar that was put on hold in 2011, wi "
"         "
" Notice the bat at the right-top corner of the painting. The bat, called fu  in Chinese, is an overtone of "
"Chinese Dissidents Feel Heat of Beijing Wrath. Even in Canada. "
" yea.. look at the Chinese bribes he did to help his son. No politics there"
" : The dance drama  Zhaojun made its New York debut on Thursday. The production brings to life the story of ancient"
" : My Chinese Counterpart MR.Xi Jinping I Want To100  JF 17 Thunder Air Crafts With Two Seaters &amp;  Chinese 100 J 31 Air C"
"Chinese army arrives in Venezuela just days after the Russian miltary "
"Twenty-four high school students will get to learn Chinese and astronomy at the same camp at UNG this summer thanks "
" : It important for independent voices to tell the truth, especially on state controlled media. That why I will continue to"
"My Chinese Counterpart MR.Xi Jinping I Want To100  JF 17 Thunder Air Crafts With Two Seaters &amp;  Chinese 100 J 31 Ai "
"  Similar but different field  Gene Editing  by Chinese Scientist  unacceptable to western "
" : Montenegro: as part of the belt and road initiative, a Chinese company is building the first freeway there | April 2019 | XHN"
"UnitedHealth subsidiary (Ingenix Subsidiary I3) Acquires ChinaGate  Working to Sell Chinese Products Globally "
" : Pakistan is stealing Chinese money meant for CPEC. Rs 2400 crore siphoned off to local lawmakers in the name of  p"
" Chinese bombs... Chale to chand tak nahi to shaam tak haha"
"Chinese boxer fights depression to be 'Queen of the Ring' "
"Pag chinese drama talaga pinapanuod ko di ko tanda pangalan!???"
"KADIRI MGA CHINESE NA SUPER SPIT ANYWHERE!!! BABOY NYO. TILES TALAGA NG MALL???"
"Chinese Dissidents Feel Heat of Beijing Wrath. Even in Canada. "
" : Food + Ancient Chinese + Jumin/MC look alike =  "
""
"Lol jasmine did this for me it was so cute. Plus I love chinese food "
"Ok so im following this cute chinese cosplayer on ig and looking at her pictures makes me wonder why I was born an "
"  "
" Same re accounts. They dissappear, either unfollow me cos I'm. Moody or are being unfollowed buy s "
" : Europe's Brand New Tech Giant Doesn't Have a Name Yet.  Their portfolio includes a range of tech investments, from food del"
" : ://t.co/3KUHISL8aa "
" : I/O Coin (IOC) will be listed on Hong Kong based exchange FEX. "
" thanks. think Chinese language is so cool, because Chinese Kanji is very very cool!!!"
"Did  lose her security clearance when her driver of 20 YRS was found to be a Chinese Spy? Liddle "
"Chinese boxer fights depression to be  of the "
"Pakistani + Chinese = Pakinese HAHAHAHAHAHAHA"
"And how are her Chinese made voting machines? "
"Chinese boxer fights depression to be  of the "
"This morning I walked by this good for you Chinese food restaurant started by a white woman and I can not stop th "
"Chinese boxer fights depression to be  of the "
" : The remains of Chinese soldiers killed in the 1950-53 #KoreanWar will be returned to #China from the Republic of Korea (ROK) o"
" Chinese payload"
"Chinese boxer fights depression to be 'Queen of the Ring' "
"Don't forget what #Chinese free trade meant so far: tariff of ~10% for US goods tariff of ~3% for "
" : Pak voices non- use of F16 jets, during 1 day skirmish on 27Feb. Now statement Pak  equipped Chinese JF17 with AMRAAM"
" Kindly confirm aren't they Chinese bomb.  as chinese goods       "
" : Chinese officials are pledging to tighten regulation on fentanyl, a promise Xi already made to Trump at December mtg i"
"WAEOLSA Men Gray Blazers Fashion Tweed Blend Suit Jackets Man Casual Blazer Male Garment Chinese Apparel Wit... "
" Hatch a plan at Riverbank Buffet this #Easter and tuck into an egg-citing array of Chinese dishes! "
"  I not concerned about his hair sniffing. I concerned about his and his son involvement "
" :   #  #  #  # "
"Dit is de bandenkeuze per coureur voor de Chinese Grand Prix - "
" : Un incendio forestal en el suroeste de #China mat a 30 #bomberos que quedaron atrapados despu de un cambio repentino en la"
"  Agreed.  Given the press fails to cover things, did the Chinese roll to our demands?  I never heard."
" :  is Yutori generation,so she thinks that pi is a someone Chinese."
" : Whoo-hoo!  coming soon to The Chinese Theater (April 20th 10pm) Theater 4. "
"David Gryn / Daata Editions Interview with Photofairs (Chinese... "
" : #BrownBookADay  Professor Oded Galor, Unified Growth Theory (Chinese edition)  https://"
" As someone with Chinese relatives this is actually the sweetest thing a PR person could do."
"Chinese boxer fights depression to be 'Queen of the Ring' // Read the full article here: "
"#hukadshare "
" : Two women faint on a Chinese street after arguing non-stop for EIGHT hours "
" Yes. We are living the Chinese curse..."
"    "
" : This is horrifying. An  analysis of official budget documents showed #China boarding schools in #Xinjiang purchas"
" : Apple starts production of iPhone 7 at Wistron facilities and test production of iPhone 10 ranges at Foxconn facilities in"
" : pretty sure the Monroe Doctrine also applies to the Chinese influence in Central America - it appears that Trump has cede"
" : Chinese production of bio-based biodegradable plastics will more than double by 2022. might boost the reputation of the"
" : Portfolio managers care more about Chinese expansion than they do Chinese trade talks according to  , Monday'"
" : In the UN, #China is trying to dictate what other states can say, who they can meet and even what events their represen"
" white? or chinese? pick one alexa :| hahahaha"
"From Chinese fansites btw, we are already at 430k plus"
" :  do whatever you want to do go wherever you want to go and our chinese fans will always support you su su na"
" # #          "
"Uh-oh. "
" Hi, Sir. you should be know that most chinese doesn't like china government, they have no choice. "
" Chinese friend knows"
" gay trans people don't actually exist, they're a myth perpetrated by the chinese"
"  "
" : EXCLUSIVE: for 3 years, Beijing has steered clear of plight of Chinese American sentenced to 10 years imprisonment in I"
"DIA Officer Spied for Chinese as Part of   don have to look very far back to remember that Sen. D "
"Chinese vs Japanese #Teas - everything you need to know "
" : #Chinese, #Mongolian eye opportunities to enhance ties "
" : Families of missing Uighurs in Chinese detention camps terrified to search for their loved ones "
"Chinese Man feat. Kendra Morris &amp; Dillon Cooper: Liar. (Tue, 02.04., 16:33)"
" : At a loss for words after hearing about this terrible wildfire in China. Thank you  for scouring the Chinese we"
"  You sure that isn your Chinese leftovers ?"
" : Seamless! out the astounding products made by Beijing Jingdiao Group, a Chinese high-tech enterprise focusing on the"
" I think he's now considered a traitor by koreans because of something about him selling lands to a chinese businessman?"
"    Chinese     "
" Ga tau juga, aku kata temenku yg suka drama Chinese"
" : Was #QAnon hinting at Chinese interference in our 2016 election? Could machines have been hacked by china? Considering"
" : Damn rightFirst of all, the Chinese have to be prepared to treat Taiwan as equals, and no precondition or political framewo"
" chinese sc fic on lofter, i'll dm if you want...?"
" Because google has everything. We in class watching a documentary on Chinese people created by Chinese "
" they don mean it to be rude, they mean it as a compliment, that the problem. its come from cowork "
"   You're such a wumao it's not even funny. Savages are PRC/CCP. Look in the mirror. "
" : "
"  Xiaomi, Motorola etc Chinese mobiles have bilingual  google keyboard options for English - "
" : Tonight dinner. Billy Kee pork with snow pea shoots. This is a slightly updated version of Billy Kee chicken, one of the fe"
"/g/"
"63 episodes and many many hours later... Ashes of Love is one of my fave Chinese dramas honestly sooooo good "
" : The new Japanese era name #Reiwa comes from a poem in the , a 7th century anthology of Japanese poetry, making i"
" : learn chinese : =  =  =  =  =  = !"
"Chinese boxer fights depression to be 'Queen of the Ring' "
" : Tesla spokesperson told "
"The Chinese League is seriously interested in Donnarumma (Sky) for 65 million"
" : A continuation of China Gray Zone Operations involving their maritime militia. Need to blacken or whiten the Gray Zone. #"
" : Prior to his arrest, Bilash told me he expected he would soon be targeted:  collected so many testimonies and shared them"
" : #Haru_Tour_SVT_D1  que oh my! tiene 3 versiones.- korean ver.- chinese ver.- japanese ver. cuando una en"
"Chinese hackers make Tesla drive into oncoming traffic (VIDEO) "
" : Relevant to this thread - Head transplant doctors Xiaoping Ren and Sergio Canavero claim spinal cord progress.  - This is #sy"
"The emerging 737 Max scandal, explained | American corruption at work. Wonder what the song "
" : Ever wondered how to make fried rice? Here are my full instructions and tips (plus video) for making perfect fried ric"
" Hong Kong was over in 1997. Forget about it. Now it's just a piece of Chinese Communist land."
"ANALYSIS: January Chinese Catfish Imports Lowest Ever Recorded://t.co/eiFhrRGwfn "
"I'm not-canonically Chinese"
" : #Taiwan will forcefully expel PLA warplanes next time  the region is in the mood for dogfights or #China is tryin"
" : American Women live in a world engineered around white men and it is dangerous for them.(Yes, white men. The average Ch"
"     Theres a great documentary on what the Chinese are doi "
" : Calendars since creation of earth: BC AD Islamic Calendar Chinese Calendar .. BKM (Before Khashoggi Murder)"
" Oh ! weiwei  beautiful smile ?! I love yangyang in that drama and my Chinese name is weiwei same heroine (zhengshuang) lol"
" : China's government said it was a military test: "
"Fancy a Take Away tonight boys  little Chinese  one of you pigs wants the honour of dining me tonigh "
" : apparently the op who spotted sehun today in a restaurant is a famous chinese stylist &amp; fashion editor called  who has over"
"Thrilled to see my song Saudade (feat. ) from Resident Evil 2 organically land on a popular Chinese sou "
"AIVD waarschuwt voor Chinese apparatuur "
"Chinese Dissidents Feel Heat of Beijing Wrath. Even in Canada. thought she would be safe in Toronto. Then she "
" : A Chinese acupuncturist is being credited with relieving the excruciating pain of a fellow passenger on board a flight"
" : China has resumed fresh construction at #Doklam and even increased there military presence during last few days #Chine"
" Making Jamaica smart and safe like China,  for the Chinese to do business? Jamaica eye, new ID syst "
" Al Khaili Majlis #wamnews"
"MOI'' #wamnews"
"Chinese boxer fights depression to be  of the "
"Ardern is jewish, they mass murdered syrians, iraqis &amp; afganistanis, palestinians, Xi is a communist who mass murde "
" Chinese boxer fights depression to be 'Queen of the Ring' Huang Wensi is one of   "
"Chinese Dissidents Feel Heat of Beijing Wrath. Even in Canada. "
" : All three [submarines] are under major repairs being done by a Turkish company. clear if it is related to alleged"
" : eunhae bullying the chinese translator  : I'm hungry! : I'm hungry!  : I want to go to the toilet!"
"Where We Live: Portland's Lan Su Chinese Garden "
" :  The old Chinese guy is gone baby"
" Well well well.... today is the day I seen a Chinese person with beard.. this is amazing. I was thinkin "
" : You need to check this out!  entrepreneurial migrants in Ghana: socioeconomic impacts and Ghan"
" Nah they don't, them Chinese chickens taste like they died of AIDS fam "
"   You know those from Asia are always called Indians or Chinese despite them bei "
"Uitwisseling tussen scholieren uit China en Salland; opnieuw een cultuurshock: Jur (18), Lisanne (18) en Dennis (17 "
" : Chinese MingEr will always stand behind you baby Saint  # "
"Pleased to introduce Chinese politics and foreign policy expert ! Welcome to the #ducoverse from ever "
"Esteban Lazo Hern, member of the Political Bureau of the Party and president of the , received Sh "
"Chinese boxer fights depression to be 'Queen of the Ring' "
" It is also for the Chinese version"
" :  Belaggelijk, in alle hardware zitten #Chinese onderdelen. Niets werkt zonder in China gemaakte hardware. #AIVD kan beter"
" :  SCHOOL INTERROGATION #Communist government uses schools authorities to deceive, frighten, threaten, force"
" I just wanna know how tf are Chinese ARMYS so damn rich like y'all parents in the FBI or smthg.... Any "
"AIVD waarschuwt voor Chinese apparatuur "
"Chinese Premier Li Keqiang will travel to Europe on April 8-12 for the 21st #China-#EU leaders' meeting in Brussels "
" : #HalalOrgan harvesting in #Xinjiang aka #EastTurkestan, #China. I hope it isn true but certain sources suggest otherw"
" : The person who says it cannot be done should not interrupt the person who is doing it. - Chinese Prover"
" "
"y think the chinese preorder might reach 500k?"
" : Chinese envoy warns against undermining sovereignty by using humanitarianism as pretext "
"Major Chinese-made web browsers are reportedly blocking 996ICU's GitHub repo "
" Wow so hard to learn. you are so great!"
" :  Yet hate is in 's heart... condemns non-existent #HateCrime of #hijab cutting "
"WHY does he looks like a chinese boy doing that cute shit stuffs in tiktok   "
""
"I know it only 7am but I would like some Chinese food rn"
" : Chinese #fintech Unicorn WeCash walks out from India before launch://t.co/1BZRJqS5vB "
" Hmmm .. OUT OF MANY ONE PEOPLE ..... the Chinese just need to follow all the security guidelines we "
" :  Chinese government promises cannot be trusted, its laws were not intended to be implemented, and that nothing stops"
""
" Let just do away with all guns and learn to speak Chinese, because it won take long once we do that to become China-West..."
" : A trade deal could result in China promising to buy hundreds of billions of dollars of American products. It could also fu"
" : Appalled there is a growing trade in farmed #Tigers in China to maintain their seemingly insatiable demand for them in"
" : Small small chinese donations and you think you can give a lecture on not paying interns is the epitome of shite thinkin"
"Meet the Chinese phone brands vying to be the next OnePlus://t.co/rJWAJ30Oat"
" : #CFOSignals: Despite strong assessments of the current North American #economy, CFOs expectations for the North American,"
"  But is only implied safety, no actual safety. It is therefore, a fallacy. is not about the Chinese."
"The chemical fingerprint of vermilion Chinese watercolor paint from the 4th century B.C.? Impurities in olive oil? "
" : Given that the Taliban, Lashkar-e-Taiba &amp; Jaish-e-Mohammad are de facto parts of the Pakistani military used to attack"
" Chinese boxer fights depression to be 'Queen of the Ring' Huang Wensi is one of   "
"     confirms my suspicion Chinese cant drive to save their life or some else's !"
"          "
" Yep local consumers are at disadvantage but its not like $ has deliberately been undervalued like t "
"Chinese boxer fights depression to be 'Queen of the Ring' "
""
"  Oh dear lord. small words so you understand fallacy, is a idea often assumed to "
" HowardJax50: SebGorka JoeBiden I'm more curious on his influences with the Chinese and the billion dollar deal h "
" :  have to remember the Chinese gov. has been trying to undermine  business for at least since March of 2013."
" :  GM and Chrysler products are made in Mexico out of Chinese parts. They are then shipped via rail into America for"
"CHINESE."
"Appalled there is a growing trade in farmed #Tigers in China to maintain their seemingly insatiable demand for them "
" : damn hongbin is red bean bc hong = red in chinese and bin = bean in english .. and bean = kong in korean.. kongvenient bc kon"
" :  Captain back to Thailand .04.2019 Departure Time 5.25 PM. Pudong Airport T2   fans  to meet captain ti"
"A five-minute study in Chinese ink. "
" HowardJax50: SebGorka JoeBiden I'm more curious on his influences with the Chinese and the billion dollar deal h "
"#GlobalMarkets #Asia shares extended their rally as positive Chinese &amp; US factory activity surveys aided inve "
" True and this Chinese marque is on fire "
" "
" : [M/V] SEVENTEEN() - Home (Chinese Ver.) #SEVENTEEN ##Home #SEVENTEEN_Home "
"why is spotify only playing the chinese versions of xoxo songs ksksks"
"Check out LCMS Systems Qualification Engineer (Chinese Localisation) in (#WilmslowCheshire) #job "
"ETEnergyworld | Ukraine's Naftogaz gets Chinese backing for $1 bn in loans and investment "
"ETEnergyworld | Ukraine's Naftogaz gets Chinese backing for $1 bn in loans and investment "
" Janelle's Clip  "
" : The Liberals have again moved to skip routine proceedings in the House this morning, which will prevent the Speaker from r"
" : remember when luoluo and yunjie looked like a chinese billionaire couple out on a date "
"   the biggest, fastest improvements in quality of life in human history happened in the "
"  my dad cut his finger off with a chinese kitchen knife once"
" : I know it's ironic that I live in China but I really really want Chinese food. Like the British version of Chinese with salt"
"#hukadshare "
"Symposium:  Centre to Periphery: Collecting Chinese Objects in Comparative Perspectives, September 19  22, 2 "
"71://t.co/ECUXD2suy7 "
"Talk about a none story! Hiddleston did everything he could to get this commercial to go viral and Centrum coul "
"A trade deal could result in China promising to buy hundreds of billions of dollars of American products. It could "
" : Guys i appeared in a Chinese article too  article talks about how Shuhua used emojis to tell about her day, an"
"If You Liked Tesla Stock Then, You Have to Love $NIO Stock Now  startup Chinese EV maker is taking a more sensi "
" only savic and boateng for sbc's. cant be botehred to play in shitty gameplay with shit bronzes from the chinese leage"
"Chinese boxer fights depression to be 'Queen of the Ring'. France surrenders."
"AIVD waarschuwt voor Chinese apparatuur /via  "
" : ://t.co/Fler75Qmyo Feminist Five"
"Yingjiang Temple is located next to the Yangtze River side. Yingjiang in Chinese means face to the river, hence the "
"Chinese chingchong ka ba?  halika turuan kita "
"This is getting daft now. SENT ME 200 CHINESE COINS?!?????? "
"BAKIT MAY CHINESE"
"   The industry is self-sustaining, despite the actions of western or Chines "
" But ur name is in Chinese "
" I know it'll be like the heavens sent me amazing chicken.  should see work's version of katsu cu "
"#BREAKING Suspect wanted in alleged armed kidnapping of 22-year-old Chinese national Lu Wanzhen surrenders to polic "
" : To my knowledge, China still hasn't arrested the two fentanyl kingpins who were indicted in the US over a year ago. Th"
"$ 119.95 - Spyderco Lil Lum Chinese Folder C205GP - "
"    I'm trying to exploit Trump's ICE policies against undesirable immi "
" You know me, I try to go as all out as I possibly can. If I had the money, I would legitimately con "
" "
"ANONG CHINESE. BAKIT CHINESE. SKDOAOPAOAA."
"Chinese boxer fights depression to be 'Queen of the Ring': Huang Wensi is one of a small number of female boxers in "
"there are people who bring watermelon only or treat them to chinese meals!!! not all housewarming gifts need to be "
"Staatsnieuws... JE VETERS VAST DE CHINEZE KOMME ERAAAN!!://t.co/jdXxEJSizx"
" used to be u when u were tidy now i come round to 3 week old chinese, dirty plates and mouldy mugs of "
"59  Major Chinese-made web browsers are reportedly blocking 996ICU's GitHub repo "
" : renjun just come to give a chinese candy for jeno to try it too, he help gives content to jeno we love a supportive boyf"
"WhatsApp://t.co/BqL3RozUtF"
"  chinese angry "
" :  is a national museum the Dalai Lama was exiled to India in 1959, the Chinese government took over and made th"
"L'arm chinoise arrive au #Venezuela quelques jours  peine apr celle de l'arm #russe://t.co/deTnToXRWZ"
" I just heard the part about Holmes selling C++ compilers to Chinese universities and I would bet my li "
" No. Because it's rivals. And it's just sbc fodder that isnt worth the time. Interestingly tho the last w "
" Chinese Democracy was very good."
"New Zealand's Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern has wrapped up a whirlwind official visit to Beijing, where she met wit "
"190331 #EVERGLOW fansign! asked #SIHYEON what her favorite chinese dish was!: i love hot pot/n: she wrote "
"American Women live in a world engineered around white men and it is dangerous for them.(Yes, white men. The aver "
" : ILSR's Neil Seldman explains how Chinese import restrictions on recycled materials are an opportunity for "
" Do you understand how much I love Anna Mae bullock from nut bush Tennessee who is both a Sagittari "
" :    The only foreigner in South Africa is an African but an Indian, European or Chinese"
"Well done la . A movie on Ch5 where there is a lot of chinese dialect in it and u dont have subtitles. "
"How #China Enslave Their Own People?     "
"  Hamare Chinese dost Dabbu kharid lainge....bs On Sale likhne me daer hai......"
" literature "
"dio - chinese? "
" Chinese New year."
".... weapon criminals attacked and libeled that criminals are funded by US State Department budget and UK Foreign a "
" In Japan the culture is based on shinto and hence collectivist. China is a collectivist country. Had o "
" :  Because #China is a major economic partner of #Lyon and its companies, Thierry de  La Tour d'Artaise, CEO of the "
" : The crosstalk Eyes Everywhere Christians under round-the-clock surveillance by Chinese  government"
"My bitch Chinese but she get mad if you call her Asian"
" : [CDB Subbing Projects] We are trying out a new way to raise more funds in order to bring you subtitles a lot faster and tra"
" : Think green! What do Indian passengers have to say about Chinese electric buses? "
" : English sub for Kohi ga Samenai Uchi ni is available in our LJ. It's timed to Chinese and Japanese hardsubbed video. If yo"
"If you must play decide on 3 things from the start. The rules of the game, the stakes, and the quitting time. "
"I need help with anyone who can read chinese characters "
" /4"
"I got another good one recently...: Chinese friend: It's what you need"
"Chinese boxer fights depression to be 'Queen of the Ring' "
"Via : Chinese researchers isolate strain of African swine fever in  step towards vaccine "
"An incredible exhibit has been installed on level 5   for the 150th anniversary of the Golden "
" :  Since 2004: China has been the world largest generator of waste Since 2010: China has been the largest source of waste"
" : Chinese tech giants might be a bit dystopian but they also seem to constantly be on the bleeding edge when it comes to"
" U speak Chinese?"
" : My Chinese friends please not fascinate yeezy shoe are waste money parent are work hard save emulate bn united state.  I"
" The Trumps were granted Chinese trademarks for spas, massage parlors and escort services."
"Chinese hackers make Tesla drive into oncoming traffic (VIDEO) "
" : The municipal government in Beijing is in talks with three major Chinese internet firms to block adverts for robocalling soft"
" He's concocting his very own version of penitential rites, lol; for maybe (just maybe) he's being sub "
"Wow! At a meeting on wild #Tiger populations. Cambodia have 0, Vietnam &amp; Loas they functionally extinct. China = "
" : Feminist Five activist Zheng Churan  love story about her husband, detained labor activist #WeiZhili (Chinese) "
"What language would you liked to learn?  Chinese HAHAHAHAHA "
" : . . . .  is . allowing Iranian, Chinese &amp; Pakistani Post-docto"
"Chinese Automaker Jiangling Forced to Stop Production of its Range Rover Evoque Copy "
" : Juncker said Chinese investments in Europe make it harder in the EU to agree on foreign policy.  country isn able to co"
" :  and enduring #civilizations like those of the #Hindus and the #Chinese..- #CarlGustavJung (1875) #Swiss #ps"
" "
" Chinese isn a language"
" : Selesai je kenduri doa selamat tadi. Jiran chinese i tolong kemas weyyyyy. Aku terharu gila dapat jiran jiran macam ni."
" teach me effective chinese repellant "
"  Meanwhile Chinese firms are buying DNA genome companies used for ancestry search pur "
"Me when Jonah brings me Chinese food to my work: "
"      "
" Can't believe we're letting the Chinese push us around to be honest. First Brussels, now this."
"  why dog .. the chinese are the largest consumers of Pork too :)"
"NHK E 04/02 23:30  #nhketv # "
" :   "
"  We may have got the capability to hit a few of Chinese satellites but China has capability to hit all our satellites."
"Townsend says #Africa partners have their eyes open on #Russia and #China - If they can't make good on their deb "
" #nowplaying the New Crown (Feat. a F R O A.s.m. &amp; Taiwan Mc) (Kognitif Remix) - Chinese Man (Shikantaza Remix - 2 "
"Singapore Spass  Good Experienced Plumber Cum Worker Diploma//Degree Below 35 Years Company "
" : Maszlee on private chinese college fund: urusan MOF on school vaccination: urusan MOH on UE"
"  The Chinese are trying their best. They are already the world leaders in renewable energy "
"Who benefits most from Russia and America at odds? China! Ask Dianne Fienstien. The ranking Democratic Senator on t "
" : Chinese vessels malapit sa Pag-Asa Islands. dapat ng magsi-alis, ayon sa Malakanyang. | via "
" : The holy hour has arrived. is now weeb o clock. are asleep,post Chinese cave paintings. "
"    Liked him when he was trying to get off with the Chinese girl"
" pushback on any thoughts of green shoots following China, Korea, Taiwan PMIs &amp; US ISM beats. Maybe it w "
" : Chinese and Arab officials and experts envision building a Space Silk Road through wider application of the Chinese-made BeiD"
" : Indian concerns over Huawei were based on Investigative Report on US National Security Issues posed by Chinese Telecom"
" Another dimension worth exploring is gender: Why has such a CCP-coordinated character assassination t "
"Chinese production of bio-based biodegradable plastics will more than double by 2022. might boost the reputat "
" : Dont forget same Huawei banned from U.S. government contracts and from providing security products to Australia &amp; other"
" u just know there's a safe room filled with unmarked bills and gold there that nobody will admit was "
"The war within is open now. Pro Pakistanies, Separatists, Naxalites , Joined hands against India and openly support "
" : Taeyeon digital single album Four Seasons has achieved a Triple Gold Certification on QQ music!    digital copies"
"Chinese millennials splashed the cash at a Sotheby's auction in Hong Kong to pick up... "
" : The 996 work schedule is inhumane. "
"Chinese Owner of Gay Dating App Grindr Confirms Talks With U.S. Regulators  "
"Fuck off u cunt you got more chins that a Chinese phone book "
"Really want some Chinese "
"To remind of the obvious:  it not just Russia looking to compromise the security of the West.  "
" : we need doctors and allat other bs cause we don eat what we pose to that how they control us you never catch them C"
"  Ang dapat gisingin ng mga DDS ay ang mga amo nila sa Malacanang, at di ung makapang-asa "
" CHINESE GAER LANG SAPAT NA E HAHHAHAHAHAHH"
" : I get a lot of spam email from Chinese manufacturers, for some reason. favourites are the ones that address me as my de"
"India on Social Media ranks at the top, ahead of USA &amp; China. Shows there are more educated Indians than Americans "
" Wow the president of the United States of America just made fun of people with disabilities th "
" : 20190402  Twitter Reply &amp; Chinese trans in pic : Pat, Bella**MarkGun_ChinaFC Original**  cop"
" ...has ever been gotten! Chinese English !!! Haha...love it! It is obvious that phrase ...has e "
"We love how this Chinese proverb illustrates how precious education is. Everyone deserves access to education.  "
" :  Feinstein had a Chinese spy working in her office and her driver for 20 years and yet she is still free? https:"
" Belaggelijk, in alle hardware zitten #Chinese onderdelen. Niets werkt zonder in China gemaakte hardware. #AIVD "
" HowardJax50: SebGorka JoeBiden I'm more curious on his influences with the Chinese and the billion dollar deal h "
"  And now we're on the Chinese! What have they got to do with BREXIT prayer tell? ot "
"One of the takeaways of 's AI Superpowers: The ferociousness of Chinese business executives. An importan "
"So I a bit confused here... new #MercedesBenz A-Class, has 3 variants thus far: -Class, A-Class Sedan L (l "
"And also this summary,"
"You will benefit from new features of $PIVX wallet 3.2.0 don't forget to upgrade the wallet  "
" "
" : Chinese Kindergarten Teacher Poison Her 23 Students via  #China #News #latest #Poison #Children"
".: All You Never Say ://t.co/qR7CICQO0l: (Chinese) My mum said the two of us are not right for each other."
"Chinese Build Unbelievable 350ft Waterfall On A Skyscraper "
" : Let's take a look into your financial records! China collusion!!://t."
" Emm... Could you pay me nt dollors or Chinese dollors?  I can only receive these dollors above."
" : Talk collusion  you a TRAITOR? Investigate!!!!://t.co/uA9ci1kX"
"AIVD waarschuwt: geen Chinese apparatuur in vitale infrastructuur. 5G valt daar ook onder: "
" : Worth re-emphasizing that the recovery in China PMI is seasonal! Chinese new year rebound has happened every year for"
" : Explainer: what are Confucius Institutes and do they teach Chinese propaganda? "
"Two small jumps are sometimes better than one big leap.- Chinese Prover"
"10 tips for teaching young kids how to write Chinese characters with a FREEBIE! Click this link to grab your freebi "
" The farmers wouldn be in such bad shape if you didn let the soybean crop rot in the ground bec "
"Can Vici Gaming claim a third straight title? #MDLDisney "
"Asyraf Wajdi represents the worst of these right-wing supremacists because he's all gung ho about how the Malays ar "
" The only crap I see today is the rampant anti-consumer practices you employ with exclusives. I bet "
". I know this has personally affected you. Trump and the Chinese have delivered. Winning Bigly "
"python-jieba 0.39-3 (any/Community)Chinese Words Segementation Utilities&lt;2019-04-02&gt;"
"Buku Lawas&gt; Ganefo Opens New Era In World Sports; Chinese Sports Delegation In Djakarta.  1963.  Buku "
"   "
"The Chinese Communist Party views the alliance between disaffected workers, activists, and students a threat to its "
" Congress is the Cancer of India.  to chat te rahenge. People of India vote for your children's "
" Shouldn that read  GORRAM soon ?  And then followed by something in Chinese characters?"
"    Ha? Chinese ka? Gets mo pala yan hahahaha. Double kill na yang "
" But we moved the embassy, let felons out of prison, and some taxpayers got a tax cut! Oh, and "
"Someone is eating very fragrant take-out Chinese food at 10:30 am on a Tuesday. Someone in my office is probably hungover."
" : The people who inhibit the lands north of the Caucasus are all  descants of Japheth, son of Noah. Chinese, Turks, Bul"
" : Chinese Internet giant  gets the most testing licences in #SelfDrivingCars market. more to expect from i"
"    Manderine Chinese is the fastest growing language, we sh "
"  The only way this is a similar argument is if a Chinese restaurant only lets you use chopsticks. Yea "
" : Did you know that in 2018 there were over 270 Chinese   companies younger than ten years and with a value of over"
"Small order of fresh houseplants came in. A few different ferns, hoya, ficus, Chinese evergreens and a few others!"
"The only way this is a similar argument is if a Chinese restaurant only lets you use chopsticks. Yeah, you can eat "
" Did all but guarin. Won put myself through the suffering lf online singles again with a chinese team"
" : LAGARDE SAYS IMF RESEARCH SHOWS THAT IF 25 PCT TARIFFS WERE IMPOSED ON ALL GOODS TRADED BETWEEN U.S. AND CHINA, U.S. GDP WOULD"
"oh yeah my bio: some kinda angsty(?) chinese phrase, like not 100% sure what it means but sounds cool "
" : Dahil sa pagiging tuta ni Rodrigo sa China, ayan ang mga walang modong mga Chinese akala mo pag aari na ang Pilipinas!!!  ht"
" : Chinese national Xuecheng Hou appeared in the Windhoek Magistrate court on Monday for allegedly soliciting a bribe to a"
"Ferrari goes conservative in its choice of tyres for the forthcoming Chinese Grand Prix, while McLaren goes aggress "
" : New Zealand Muslims just refused a $1.2 million donation from a Chinese group out of solidarity with incarcerated #Uyghu"
"Saya ada saran lagu buat malam ini. Lagunya ringan dan lucu. Gemesin pokoknya, judulnya A smile is beautiful ngga "
" : A great short summary... "
" their small chops was trash so didn bother with the Chinese. You can try sha and let me know "
"As a former movie theater employee, the important thing is to CLEAN UP YOUR OUTSIDE FOOD.'s bad enough to sweep "
" : Taiwan is the canary in the mineshaft of Chinese destabilizing influence "
" : PM Ardern's China visit is a success. Based on what I know, meetings between leaders of the two countries went well. Ardern"
"Oh My going worldwide with korean, Chinese and now Japanese version  "
"Everyone on POF is into rock climbing and snowboarding and other mad shit. just want someone share Chinese and a "
"According to the Chinese government, the crackdown is to protect the lawful, prevent the illegal, contain extremism "
"The wife of Wang Xiyue, a Chinese-American scholar serving a ten-year sentence for espionage in Iran, said that the "
"Feel like Chinese for dinner tonight.."
" : #HumanPlanet: How we created the #Anthropocene written with brilliant  sold over 8,000 copies last year in"
" Quien dijo miedo!!!  Jajajaja love y."
"I get a lot of spam email from Chinese manufacturers, for some reason. favourites are the ones that address me a "
" : Join us at the Chinese Mann Theater in Hollywood this Thursday, April 4th at 2:00 or Saturday, April 6th at 7:30.  The"
"  the real savages&amp;thugs have been kicked out of mainland China by the Chinese peoples when 1949s."
" : Ireland: Rivada welcomes the reports that the Gardai have been instructed to investigate the threat Chinese telecom tec"
"Damn I feeling so Chinese right now."
"A great short summary... "
"   Why do we not manufacture our own Canola oil? It seems ridiculous that w "
"This!  And also the connection of the last time he want to China and his son got hired by the Chinese weeks after t "
" The state cannot run industries &amp; industries cannot thrive without the active support of the state. In In "
"Our new project The Magic Brush, a Chinese folktale, currently in development. Stay tuned for more details. "
"JUSKO SI NARCY KAMUKHA NIYA YUNG BATA DITO SA KANTO NA NAGLALARO NG CHINESE GAER #PBB8BigIslandAdventureDay2"
"Chinese movie poster for   your favorite live action pokemon make the cover? "
"Did someone say a fire sale? The Chinese takeaway owner who's flogging Rangers tops is flogging them for peanuts no "
" Many of your Executives and workers should be brought up on Charges of Treason for contributing to the Chin "
" No, but in Ottawa, the Chinese restaurant next door has big adds for 'pot stockers' for the munchie "
" is a national museum the Dalai Lama was exiled to India in 1959, the Chinese government took over and "
" : Chinese people be like  U want tupac shakur ?  Na I said 2 packs of sugar"
"Major Chinese-made web browsers are reportedly blocking 996ICU's GitHub re "
" :  Far to many cases have gone by either without prosecution or plea deals ie the Chinese Spy, Ms. Wasserman IT"
" I noticed the lack of Chinese hats as well. Sometimes the hard-working Chinese were given credit for p "
"  Wala pa akong nakita. Sila sana ang dapat bigyan ng pansin ng gobyerno. Sana may livelihood p "
" :  Yes but in Chinese "
"  Issues have been reduced to trivia:,000+ kababayans killed -number of politicos "
"Just remembered a joke from my father.... Liverpool are interested in signing 2 new players overbroad.. thee italia "
" It's someone Filo trying to Chinese "
" : WATCH: The alleged Chinese dredging vessel MV Emerald seen in Lobo, Batangas. The vessel has reportedly been in the are"
" : Management of interdependence with Chinese characteristics. The graph below says a lot about this. Also recommend the text"
" YangYang a Chinese actor :)"
"  Chinese, American... What do I care I'm from none of those countries. And they will be "
" : a chinese baby wit a boosie fad I am FUCKIN SCREAMING  "
"     It's not a word play competition.Its a discussion b "
" : Today I've seen the worst president of all time in history. Letting one of our Islands occupied by the Chinese Militia. Bei"
"Tesla spokesperson told "
"Has anyone ever seen a Chinese pregnant woman or a goth driving a car? Cause I fucking haven"
"# :  : Chinese officials are pledging to tighten regulation on fentanyl, a promise Xi "
" Cantikan hyeri. Beda ah?! Soalnya itu cewe chinese banget"
"And the cheapo Chinese bulb I have in the kitchen doesn want to work for some reason, yay! "
" It really up to indigenous people to say if it wrong or not, but I was taking a race class last seme "
"Issues have been reduced to trivia:,000+ kababayans killed -number of politicos killed-number of unsolved "
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat? #Trading #Crypto "
"Chinese evergreen!! beautiful houseplants just arrived. They handle low to filtered light! not like to be "
" Y tus noches!!!  amo m, repitis o miedo?"
"Sitting in my chinese class almost 3 hours early while eating Hawaiian bread and crying."
"  Chinese and imax posters have snapped characters except for hope"
"im gonna see bts and im getting chinese food rn and i have the most amazing friends "
"Kemarin sempat mikir. Foreigner yang sukses solo di Korea tu memang jarang ya.  Kebanyakan pada balik.  Terutama ya "
"My grand father was a builder. He sold alcohol. They rented a shop in their yard to a Chinese family. They lived in "
"I'm watching this one Chinese drama and one of the casts looks like ptg Jinho! "
"#CFOSignals: Despite strong assessments of the current North American #economy, CFOs expectations for the North Am "
"Dahil sa namataang mga Chinese Vessels malapit sa Pag-asa Island, posibleng iakyat na ng pamahalaan sa U.N. General "
" : #WorldWarIII:  to ban Chinese tech giant Huawei #NationalSecurityRisk from . Chinese law mandates it's com"
" Feinstein had a Chinese spy working in her office and her driver for 20 years and yet she is still "
"#GitHub #China tech-savvy netizens have recent "
" : I would recommend  excellent book  at our Doorstep where his incisively analyses the Chinese conc"
" : Government officials call for output control at Chinese steel mills | Reuters "
"  It seems to be that the giraffe-qilin thing was more of a political move to solidify Sin "
"1810 I Xiaomi Corp Stock "
" : BREAKING: China announced on Monday that it would treat all variants of the powerful opioid fentanyl as controlled subst"
"LAGARDE SAYS IMF RESEARCH SHOWS THAT IF 25 PCT TARIFFS WERE IMPOSED ON ALL GOODS TRADED BETWEEN U.S. AND CHINA, U.S "
"Maraming mga netizens ang humanga sa talino at angking galing ng unico hijo nina  at #ToniGonzaga s "
" Sandra Bullock ordering Chinese food in TWO WEEKS NOTICE. Joe Pesci speech about  better, ju "
"$TCEHY $GAMR tech giant Tencent quietly tests game streaming platform "
" It is not the only thing but it is a part. Seen in tandem with opening Western markets to Chinese impo "
"  "
"Tesla spokesperson told "
"  think Japanese is harder than Chinese."
"I will always be down for some Chinese food"
" : Russell Lowe is the Chinese spy that worked for Senator Dianne Feinstein for over 20yrs, while the FBI &amp; CIA slept, and msm"
" Micronesia - rob that scandal-plagued neo-macau money laundering casino some rich chinese dude built on Saipan"
" : So excited to meet my crew and share my research at AERA soon!! This year I have three symposia specifically focusing on Ch"
" : Jun and The8 Chinese Man a Korean Boygroup to a Japanese song! I love hardworking boys#Haru_"
"I think the logic behind this is deviously racist in and of itself: if the Chinese think of us Germans in terms of "
"If you comfortable using a Huawei-made phone despite controversies on their telecommunications infrastructure bu "
"  1bn Chinese can't be wrong fallacy. Well actually they can. accept quite easily th "
"Leslie Cheung : ()/(1993)... "
"AIVD waarschuwt voor Chinese apparatuur "
" : I think this consensus that China only cares about getting loan $ back in Venezuela is wrong. Xi's China is v ideological an"
" : Chinese internet giant #Baidu will launch a #selfdriving taxi service in Changsha, Central China's "
"Talk collusion  you a TRAITOR? Investigate!!!!://t.co/uA9ci1kXuP"
"  Buy it. Now Chinese stock markert are obviously overbought."
" : Shine on my Neon 40 Wolford tights. I went on a date with my nylon boyfriend to a Chinese buffet and had a blast. http"
"  Venezuela has been taken over by Cuban, Russian, Chinese, Turkish, and other  interests- if t "
"Detective Pikachu (2019) | Official Chinese Poster "
" : 4/3  HATE SMOKE RECORDS Fruits Paradise HOODIE SHOES MY"
"And people are still eating from them road side Chinese places  "
"The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now.  Prover"
"Man wanted in alleged abduction of Chinese student from Markham turns himself in "
" my bad to get out a bracelet.  i got you a bracelet. I chose color red because in chinese it means good "
" : Regarding Chinese Dredging Vessel spotted in Lobo, Batangas. Apparently Coastguard and Lobo PNP have already inspected said ve"
"Police say Abdullahi Adan, a man wanted for an alleged abduction of a Chinese student north of Toronto, has turned "
"CANADA FX DEBT-C$ holds near 11-day high as Chinese data boosts sentiment - Reuters "
"It too early to be craving Chinese huh? "
" Hope the Chinese are taking you more seriously than your deputy president"
" had a Chinese spy. had a server, outside of protection where she was selling U.S. se "
"Here are links to FCC alerts in English and Chinese.  Please help pass word around and together, let's fight the ro "
"The official then asks for a payment to resolve the consumer exposure to it. The  has received over 350 compl "
"Chinese-language robocall scams take different forms.  They have involved a caller impersonating a consulate offici "
"THREAD  are spoofing the FCC Call Center Number as part of a Chinese-language #robocall scam.  They tar "
"  Senator I British and right now I have as much trust in the Chinese as the USA under Tr "
" : If you are looking for a skilled #Japanesetutor who is fluent in #Chinese you should try out Qingmei's lessons! She curr"
"Tyre choices mixed as Pirelli reveal tyre orders for Chinese GP "
"Chinese://t.co/7yI5WNA884# #"
" Since 2004: China has been the world largest generator of waste Since 2010: China has been the largest source "
"Wow tumben ada yang tau chinese idol. "
" 1-2tje na de waarschuwing vanuit de VS. Zwak. Negeer die malloot in het Witte Huis toch. Gebruik Chinese appar "
" :  0825 5508"
" All security issues should be handled by  A Chinese spy was her driver for 20 years!"
"AIVD waarschuwt voor Chinese apparatuur.://t.co/g8wipojDhK moet niet te afhankelijk worden van Ch "
" : We are just an order away, we deliver, do you need to surprise your friends  we got you  Whatever the occasion is  "
" A Chinese joke play basketball like CAixukun "
" In the 80s, I briefly worked for an editor who asked me to put a glass of water on his desk every day, "
"Soh hod beng - chinese loan associations, bukan p/ship, sbb carrying on business for gain sahaja"
" : Ghana minister for railway development, Joe Ghartey, spoke about Rotimi Amaechi:  really impressed with the ministe"
"turning off one week by the barenaked ladies after he says  china the chinese chicken"
"   I dont know about that but a house agent in Merville told me that many mainland Chine "
" :  + dong sicheng + winwin + tattooist? retweet button. information? replies. "
"  yung building ng mga chinese nawps"
"Avengers Endgame ticket hunt started out poorly, but we successfully got tickets at the Chinese theater IMAX. Pumped."
" I don't see collectivism in China or South Korea. At individual level Chinese are better than Japanese "
"#PaxEx Press Release:  announces Russian and Chinese avionics deals #PaxEx #avgeek "
"ok me at chinese class lmaosfhgs "
"#TaipeiThaiFood Review in Chinese - # Thai Made Original Thai Food - )"
"My first time having mumbo sauce, dancing at a TCB concert, taking a picture with the Chinese thing...-Bryce Harper"
" : Chinese mother will support you as before# "
" : Hayat Tahrir al-Sham commander, Abu Mohammad al-Jolani, with child soldiers from Turkistan (Chinese Muslims). sides of th"
"Lmao thank you chinese buddah "
" Boycott all Chinese products."
"One of the suspects wanted in connection with the abduction of a 22-year-old Chinese international student in Mar.. "
" : Jim, you are ok mate. Whatever happened it does not define who you are. Get on wd your life. It fine. You are the vic"
" : Ok so not a book but the Chinese anime,  Leader, about Marx and Engels really shows how kawaii they both were htt"
"AIVD waarschuwt voor Chinese apparatuur"
"16 years old girl in the future sitting on her floating bed reading about that time a white girl pretended to be a "
" : HUGE Update! Of course Obama knew! Report:  Vindicated;  Sues Over Clapper/Brennan"
" : [180825] Pikicast Daily Interview with #G_I_DLE-The complex relationship between #Miyeon, #Soojin &amp; #Shuhua : I DO"
" :  Let's not forget that Spystein aka  never lost her security clearance after having a Chin"
" Saying it is one thing...the Chinese SAY a lot...and  a lot.   Trust but VERIFY"
"That sad moment when you projectile vomited all over your floor and into your trash can and you start making jokes "
"Lees AIVD waarschuwt voor Chinese apparatuur op Nieuwsblik - "
"BBC News - Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children's porridge "
"   Sorry i dont speak and understand the language of slavery. . knw "
"         3 "
"  And the Chinese just love us Americans, right? I think we all need to empty out our d "
"Objectifying China, Imagining America: Chinese Commodities in Early America - "
" This problem is amplified by our leaders like  he accused other Africans for taking t "
" : #FFBCommbicara #MyStupidBoss2 Dibuat ngakak pas adegan battle dance debt collector ala India vs debt collector Chinese, semac"
" : Apple has slashed prices on iPhones, iPads and other products on its official Chinese website "
"Kung ayaw ng gobyernong kumilos, tayo na mismo ang kumilos. Sa Abril 9, Araw ng Kagitingan, pumunta po tayo sa Chi "
"  I laugh in Chinese kgfcbnkudsznkkgxkaaasaaaa.  When the tables turns around we will l "
" :  709# # # # ##709  # # "
" : #996icu developers use Github to protest against country 996 work schedule "
" 2017  U.S counterintelligence warned  and   Wendi Deng Murdoch could be "
" when i first saw it i read  as  (naturally lmao) and did not know of any instance where  had the  "
" :  Love Sharing by Krist &amp; Singto Chinese Peraya Fans and Thai Fans 2 "
" Whaddup, Chinese Reno or  Vegetable Egg Foo Young Reno as my birth certificate reads."
" : European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker has spoken out against what he claims are unfair Chinese trade practices, just"
"Chinese hackers make Tesla drive into oncoming traffic (VIDEO)   World News "
"Okay so I just now realized the Answer album has the Chinese character for Tear ,,, am I the only one ??? "
" : Web content by language, 2018.: 51.2%: 6.8%: 5.6%: 5.5%: 5.1%: 4.1%"
" : Oh The Chinese Man Tweeted Again? I Know Everyone Will Crack Up At This So Epic Trolling .  Tiananmen Square Incid"
" Hello, I am a Chinese brake pad factory. Is there anything I can do?"
"  Better they feature appropriate charger, headphones and necessary cables/plugs in box. Ch "
"Chinese mother will support you as before# "
"Wag ka mag Chinese alam kong di ka Chinese gagu. Huli ka na eh like more PH based shop tweets. We're not dumb. "
" very concerning...and I was informed that the girls working in the big fancy mall stores in Nanning were "
"A Chinese family walked into Dot's diner where my family and I were eating and one of the kids was wearing this shi "
". . . .  is . allowing Iranian, Chinese &amp; Pakistani Po "
"We Germans have this really obnoxious racist habit where we (humorously) allege that the Chinese call us Langnase "
"Let's take a look into your financial records! China collusion!!://t.co/VDgjntgS2a"
"How to understand korean, japanese, &amp; chinese easily?  para di nako magbasag subs"
" : ! "
"Patihan was the kind of #Muslim that the Chinese authorities used to like. They awarded the ethnic-Kazakh imam  "
" : so oh my have korean, chinese, and japanese version! global song "
"In an attack on Chinese nationals on Pakistani soil a convoy of 22 vehicles comprising Chinese engineers employed i "
"Stir-Fry Velveted Chicken and Vegetables highlights a special Chinese cooking technique called water velveting! "
" :  | Palabras de , Vicepresidente Sectorial de Econom a la llegada de Medicamentos e Insumos M prov"
"          "
" : Fantastic bilateral meeting with the #Chinese Chamber of Tourism  to increase collaboration with #UNWTO and potential tourism"
" : With the Tigers home opener approaching......I recall the words of that great Chinese teacher and philosopher Confucius who"
"Micheal Chong can help bring back Rakyat specially Chinese communities confident towards MCA,. He's definitely a pr "
" : The Iranian government's failed response to the #IranFloods reminds me of the Chinese response to the 2008 Sichuan Earthquak"
" : Australia Huawei 5G ban is a  against future Chinese aggression, says former prime minister Malcolm Turnbull |"
"BBC Genome comes up trumps again. A less than half remembered single memory of a Chinese animation from when I was "
".1() "
"About to eat a half carton of egg whites and still be hungry in an hour.  Are egg whites considered Chinese food?"
" Lol I fox with Hungry Lion man...just not their mash and gravy Eish  enjoy Uncle!  opted for Chinese "
" : We would like to thank members of our online community for bringing our attention to the issue of the heritage of the won"
"  Wait  (a large portion of) Brexiters fully understand that ending freedom of movement mean "
"I never seen a Chinese person with a beard."
"Brady's Extra Cup O' Toy car, now with more Chinese sausage 'n' Salmoriglio"
" : Worked retail for so long and i be the first to tell you that the rudest customers i came across are chinese singapor"
"A wonderful reminder to appreciate differences in restaurant culture, especially in another culture's space. See al "
"Friendzone Thai movie Started with a Kiss Chinese movie may copy??? Papasa mga mumshhh"
"is kill this love being released on 4th April because four is the number of death in chinese? because that genius"
" By declaring that all varieties of fentanyl are now controlled substances, China made good on a pl "
" The Chinese Dragon's the one to watch as it will pick off and pick up struggling #EU states. They wil "
" : ILSR's Neil Seldman explains how Chinese import restrictions on recycled materials are an opportunity for U.S. cities to change r"
"Mishka the Talking Husky wants Chinese Food!  Dog Talking . . . "
"I think this consensus that China only cares about getting loan $ back in Venezuela is wrong. Xi's China is v ideol "
" :  country isn able to condemn Chinese human rights policy because Chinese investors are involved in one of their ports"
"Chinese hackers make Tesla drive into oncoming traffic (VIDEO) "
"Aabsent ako kasi hindi maganda ang nararamdaman ng katawan ko. Mag papa check ulit ako. Babalik ako sa Neuro. Sa ib "
""
"  Chinese want to improve their race, next generation of chinese will be more pretty"
"    I know they different years. relation to sexual offences "
"Chinese Dissidents Feel Heat of Beijing Wrath. Even in Canada. "
" : Bill in 2012 introducing the Chinese Theater to Tobias and joking about being there someday VS Bill in 2017 showing up for"
" Dan, Bidens son is also involved w helping china build military ships etc  are crooks selling USA o "
"Listen guys it snowing in April just because. It def not global warming. That is just some conspiracy made up by the Chinese "
" : The Philippines government has filed a diplomatic protest with China over the presence of hundreds of Chinese vessels near a Phil"
"Bunyoro Princess Drugs Chinese Contractors to Court Over Hoima "
" : #US government recently reaffirmed that it would defend #Filipino forces from any attack in the #SouthChinaSea, pointe"
"There are links between APT Chinese actors and Indian. I found the same exploit rtf kit between Sidewinder and Gobl "
"Treat illegal Chinese workers fairly envoy to PH "
"i see sungjae's chinese name there "
" in chinese too!!  (but pronounced more like shan)"
"Ghana Transport Minister along with his country's MPs join   to inspect progress of "
" : Opposition Senator Leila M. de Lima has slammed the Duterte administration for dissuading Filipino fishermen from retur"
" So the Chinese getting HRC emails in real time isn't that bad....?"
"AIVD waarschuwt voor Chinese apparatuur "
"Have you spotted our two new shops  ?- The Tasty Smiles Cafe is open and serving; English Breakfast, "
" : Russian banks join Chinese alternative to SWIFT payment system://t.co/mRtGkzoPph"
" Chinese have no good interest here...why protect them"
"My boy pabzy is in shock bc he thought replay lyrics were  like a melody in my head"
" Too bad we can't believe anything promised by Chinese government.  Communists will happily continue "
" : Is the port now safe or safer for importers(electronics and Chinese goods)  to use? "
"The Daffodils (Narcissus ) and Glory-of-the-Snow (Chionodoxa forbesii) create a gorgeous blanket of contra "
" : Mailing Bibles and Religious Literature Banned government threatens mail couriers with hefty fines for circula"
" : Falling Chinese demand is decreasing opium production in #Myanmar, but the UNODC blames the wrong and protects the actual"
" : Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat? "
"it don make no sense how good Chinese restaurant fried chicken is."
"How to Help Your Diabetic Dog with Chinese Herbs - Marc Smith DVM "
"  So, this seems weird...  are white? don't get it. I know a bunch of black, Chines "
" : Here today trivia, mga Kapuso! Ano ang mga Chinese Traditions na sinusunod niyo?  "
"Seica to Participate in NEPCON China, April 24-26, 2019: STRAMBINO, ITALY  will attend the historical appoin "
"where did I put that Chinese learning guide amdbskfj"
"Today H.E. Dr. Ali Obaid Al Dhaheri, Ambassador of the UAE to China attended Alibaba Group headquarters. Here he so "
"There is no scientific evidence that a porcupine stomach content has any curative properties and yet this species "
"Chinese envoy sees ICC complaint vs Xi won prosper://t.co/CoeChnaXYA "
"Chinese hackers: Make Tesla drive into oncoming traffic: 'Not a realistic concern'://t.co/OPNwNrK4qb "
"another realisation, my fave chinese actor liu hao ran and daniel are both endorsing LV"
"Never published: a webcomic that's superficially about life after winning the lottery, but is really about Chinese history"
" "
"Dah lama tak makan ikan steam, try buat, halfway ingatkan tak jadi tapi rupanya dah jadi halfway pastu tak sabar ma "
" : How did those artificial islands get there if it's all fabrication? Former DFA chief Albert del Rosario slams the Chinese"
" : Consider how you lay out a design for localization. Western languages run left to right. Many others do not. Arabic runs right"
" The entire Trump family, including Kushner and his family, are selling access to Chinese Nationals "
"Families of missing Uighurs in Chinese detention camps terrified to search for their loved ones "
" "
"Bangle Bracelet. White Cloisonne Bracelet.  Chinese Enamel Cloisonne Bangle waalaa. #vintage #antique #shopping "
" For chinese food, rice and rice noodles are good, you can use tofu or Quorn as a meat replacement an "
"Can be doin with my weekly Chinese cravings hitting me early it only Tuesday "
" "
"yey gonna get chinese for today"
"This post on our FB page www.facebookcom/autismchinese just reached 100 shares! We hope this can reach further so m "
" : The addition of Chinese bonds to Bloomberg global bond index could end up steering an estimated $120 billion into China ons"
"Damn rightFirst of all, the Chinese have to be prepared to treat Taiwan as equals, and no precondition or politic "
" : It was 691 days my father #TohtiMuhammadArish detained in #chinese #Nazi #concentrationcamps build in #Eastturkistan , I dema"
" Organizational Consultant Cathy Perme touches on why the first book she wrote is a labor of love "
"Chinese Proverb.- #quote #image "
"#China: Major Chinese-made web browsers are reportedly blocking 996ICU's GitHub repo "
" : 190402  Weibo Update[TRANS] generation singer Xiaogui new single &lt;Up&gt; rose quickly on the World Chinese New Songs"
"  Hey hey microphone"
" : Kunlun Tech, Chinese Owner of Gay Dating App #Grindr Confirms Talks With U.S. Regulators via  "
"://t.co/ep2b01KlTc# #://t.co/fPDGAOZu"
"I feel like I not learning chinese as much anymore and I can remember many characters or words "
"Sometimes people make mistakes. But not mistakes like actually calling China to order Chinese food. That just happe "
" I dont trust these Chinese projects,They have messed up even clothing, buy a shirt XXXL  it will be too small evenfor u comrade"
"  "
"Exodus 14:30 the LORD saved ISRAEL that day OUT OF THE HAND of the EGYPTIANS; &amp; ISRAEL saw the EGYPTIANS DEAD "
" Yes Credit tightening, increased Taxes, Chinese capital controls."
" : #InterpretWithUs today  until 4.30PM. Speeches #English #French #Spanish #Chinese #Italian #Japanese #Arabic #Rus"
" I feel like they directly purchased them at a whole sale price from one of those Chinese websites."
"Chinese national na nagtangka umanong manuhol ng mga pulis-Pasay, kalaboso. #SuperBalitaSaGabi "
" : Happy Chinese New Year! Here is our new year special episode, all about food! is how Chinese celebrates pretty muc"
" : Haiping Zhu talks about Shhhhs! Chinese Students Are Studying Quietly In the UK in the #2019HigherEducationSIG #Inter"
"   Sell to the Premier League and abroad? Sold Mepham to Bournemouth and Ye "
" wtf you clearly met some rude af chinese people, a lot of my friends are indonesian, or malaysian and n "
"Jaw-Dropping "
" : Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat? "
" : Ah, the infamous and impenetrable 9th circuit, America's most corrupt court, is getting a Trumpian overhaul and there's"
"TYPHOON NEWS: Chinese Green Super Rice promotes sustainable agriculture development in Asia and Africa - Xinhua | "
"Chinese kindergarten teacher detained after allegedly poisoning 23 children - CNN #SmartNews  "
" : #Blockchain: Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat? #MyCDApp #Crypto $bt"
" : Chinese girls 9-16yrs submitted for a series of promotional videos   #Childactors #teambobe"
"   speech"
"PR guru slams 'lazy' work ethic of Aussies: Roxy Jacenko wants Australians to be more like the Chinese when it come "
" : Zachary Levi Shazam Electrifies On Chinese Theater Standee "
"If you are an Australian winery, this is why you should definitely consider #China as your next wine export destina "
" yeah, it's the fact they BOUGHT a home in korea just to be close to him. it's just a whole new level "
"#FENTY have we gone mad world 2 have co drop geisha name?! if that needed why not black licorice or Snow White or "
" :   "
"Police name Toronto man as one of four suspects in stun gun kidnapping of Chinese student "
" "
"060"
"Check out Great Old American Folk Art Inlaid Wood Marquetry Chinese Checkers Game Board  "
" : This traitorous scum sucking chinese spy who got our cia assets murdered shouldn get a say about anything. ESAD feinstein."
" (?)  ,,,;; ://t.co/WfRYh21gVx"
"Commiecrats are designing the same oppression's here in America.  "
" : At  April 5: #AI and the Human Person: Chinese and Western Perspectives--free and open to the public: https:/"
"I want some Chinese"
" : Opinion | Keep the Chinese government away from 5G technology "
" Joe Biden's Ukrainian nightmare, not to mention the Chinese $$$ he and his family raked in, are going t "
"Chinese city offers cash incentives to informants on illegal religious groups "
" : Ads project to celebrate Choi Hyunsuk Birthday in South Korea from Fansite-nim  Thank You:  (christmas gi"
" : Chinese SOE interest in Philippine infrastructure, especially at the ill-fated Subic Bay Hanjin Shipyard, raises fears over st"
" : We are talking with Chinese hackers who can Hack EVM's, so we will Hack EVM's and help congress to reach to form a governm"
"  That why they bring out Jared or Ivanka - to divert from the real issues. Jared  "
"What do you love about the Chinese? "
" : Our new spring 2019 Milan White. A sun dried white tea made from an early picking of Milan Dancong varietal tea which is usu"
" : Juncker swipes China: companies have free access to our markets, but we don to the markets in China. One coun"
" : Feeling very energised and ready to write after the first day at my  retreat at . It great to be"
"Check out Perfect Vintage Fine Chinese Blanc De Chine Porcelain Gentleman Figure Statue   "
"   Chinese EVs. "
"Tots about chamie  my chinese friend hahahaha mabuot pero grabe mang rt, sobrang open minded kung sain sain nakaka "
"Nice piece on the possible strategic implications of space solar and Chinese activity in this area... "
"To all 7 of my followers, how should I introduce myself in my Chinese history class?"
" : She looks like a Chinese actress in a historical drama here  "
"BBC News  -  "
"What do you do when you get voicemails in Chinese? #spam "
" :  US government should require Chinese companies operating in America capital markets to disclose their ties to the"
" : In 2016, the #Philippines secured an international legal ruling against #China claims to The Scarborough Shoal which"
"  Planning to be Chinese?"
" : From anime aesthetics, to Chinese art cinema, to documentary films in India - explore the latest in Asian screen studi"
"Management of interdependence with Chinese characteristics. The graph below says a lot about this. Also recommend t "
"Check out Rare  Antique Chinese Qing Famille Rose Peach &amp; Flowers Porcelain Bowl  "
"Chinese national Xuecheng Hou appeared in the Windhoek Magistrate court on Monday for allegedly soliciting a brib "
" :  Her body her choice.://t.co/JcYC8z2YRp"
"Throwback to When a Chinese court sentenced two government officials to death for corruption. If only that policy c "
"Government officials call for output control at Chinese steel mills | Reuters "
" : Huge kudos to the 7,000-member Association for Asian Studies:  statement decries the detention of professors and"
"I know it's ironic that I live in China but I really really want Chinese food. Like the British version of Chinese "
" BNO "
" : Title:  Jungkook writes in Chinese  Thanks To Fans - His fan love is also global#Jungkook # "
" Papunta pa lang cguro"
" : Join us at the Yunnan Metabarcoding School!-21, 22-26 Oct 2019, China will pay your (intl/domestic) travel and lodg"
"  much like the Chinese economy itself: padded and pre-packaged ;) "
"The Chinese claim they would have had about 450m 'unnecessary citizens' if they didn't do something drastic in 1978 "
"Apple starts production of iPhone 7 at Wistron facilities and test production of iPhone 10 ranges at Foxconn facili "
"  I am a buyer from a Chinese module factory.our factory need more solar cells."
"://t.co/7cNXLlqi5t"
"  My husband is in Refractory business &amp; the Chinese hv been abusing the US for decades; ill "
"US, Chinese manufacturing data trigger stock rally "
"not a big fan tower defense but arknights has pretty good art  don't know what doing or understand chinese lol "
"Is Tom Hiddleston new Chinese commercial selling Centrum or home invasion? "
" I just want to go. My daughter is crazy about the culture. She is taking Chinese and teaching herself Japanese. I want to take her."
"I just read Chinese Embassy robocall scam is making a comeback on #GoKomando to "
" : Nigeria has Gas has Water  has not powered Nigeria  with free gas. Ethiopia is building Africa's l"
"Hi , will you ask the russians and chinese to also take their hands off Venezuela, or Is that too complicated for you?"
" :   Tofu isn fried. And no, I don think awara originated from the Chinese. Tofu originated som"
"Take your Chinese ass back to China. We don't want your bullshit. "
" : Ceec:  OK, big girl, Chinese please.              Friendship with conditions...I Love this girl.....#bbnaija #do"
" : Indonesian navy fires shots, seizes Chinese fishing boat near disputed South China Sea "
"Isn't techno so shitty? Even disco seems punk the water's so filthy, it's no wonder why we're drunk lit "
"AIVD waarschuwt voor Chinese apparatuur "
"rt if chinese food has impacted your life in a positive way"
" : Apr 1, 2019 will forcefully expel PLA warplanes next time: Tsai Ing-wen-strait tensions draw in Washington"
""
" : To all the Chinese members of our community we wish you a happy new year ! "
"  I don't mind small prawns in paella or Chinese but big prawns can fuck off"
" :  Inside the SHADY private equity firm run by Kerry &amp;  sons Chinese collusion making them $BILLIO"
"The municipal government in Beijing is in talks with three major Chinese internet firms to block adverts for roboca "
" :  Certain countries have *other judges* who score for them. That's how they don't get *caught*.  I don't care how"
"'re teaming up with Chinese friendship association Youxie &amp; the Shanghai Football Association  to incr "
"Zachary Levi Shazam Electrifies On Chinese Theater Standee "
"AIVD waarschuwt voor Chinese apparatuur "
"Sounds like Hillary Clinton's emails are now in the Chinese' hands.  You know the investigation by the FBI was corr "
" I know right?! crazy folks. when I traveled to Seattle to visit family, we all went to a chinese r "
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift://t.co/mP1MHKFUWp"
" : Crude #oil has powered higher of late on the back of supply cuts, growing confidence in the Chinese economy and a general"
" I am a buyer from a Chinese module factory.our factory need more solar cells."
"By territory it is ours but Chinese said that they own it in history- Mama"
" : Taiwan condemns Beijing after Chinese jets cross maritime line first time since 2001. It was an intentional, reckless"
"The latest Cyber Law Podcast is out. Listen as I chat with ,  &amp; Paul Hughes about break-ins a "
" :  Chinese New Year 2017 just finished and Wall Street bonus 2018 just paid"
"We, Indians too should learn from this n ban chinese companies n goods for our own safety "
". UK CEO, Mike Day, arrives at #LSBU2019. Mike's ongoing support and work with his Chinese Partners in "
"Chinese children poisoned by "
"  Sorry for assuming all my followers are in London  pretty sure I've seen gochugaru in "
"McLaren loads up on softs in China F1 tyre picks #F1 "
"One joy scatters a hundred griefs. - Chinese Prover"
" : An unbaked clay statuette of physician Anthony Askew, made in London in 1770 by Chinese artist Tan Chitqua. "
"Falling Chinese demand is decreasing opium production in #Myanmar, but the UNODC blames the wrong and protects the "
" This is a keyholder bought this made by a company that made goods"
" 1- Yes, indeed. I'm/we're not paying you to be a people person. we're paying you to do your job. Defen "
"My 17yr old . Need to decide soon, back to Chinese football or EU? "
" : I enjoyed this conversation with  of  Masthead on #BetrayingBigBrother and feminism in China "
" created an excuse to attack Chinese, by establishing Manchukuo. This was the beginning of Japan's invas "
""
" : Taiwan will forcefully expel PLA warplanes next time: Tsai Ing-wen "
" : Thanks to  and  for organizing today discussion on the Russian, Chinese and European AI developments"
" Where was the outrage when Diane hired a Chinese spy to her staff? Or Debbie turning over her serv "
"[CDB Subbing Projects] We are trying out a new way to raise more funds in order to bring you subtitles a lot faster "
"  interests over national security That rich coming from you. #DNCRussia #Spygate "
" : This  Sticky Chinese Pork Belly recipe is a thing of beauty!!!  "
" That will just push the price up and make it more lucrative...Chinese government can benefit from it eh?"
"RCBC offers various services such as:. Keeping finding new products and suppliers.. Verify, inspect or audit "
"Chinese drone maker EHang has delayed plans for a U.S. initial public offering (IPO) and is instead looking to rais "
"Failure is not falling down but refusing to get up. ~Chinese Proverb #quote #rocktheretweet"
"Yellow Rose &amp; Chinese Lanterns #Floral #Photography #Still #Setting #DianaMarySharpton #Richardson #Texas "
" A Chinese style component library of react "
" why is my recommendations being flooded with content of children, Russian, Chinese videos. How the hel "
" : Sa Abril 9, Araw ng Kagitingan, pumunta po tayo sa Chinese consulate sa Makati para iparating sa China ang ating pagtu"
" : #vanre  a study of more than 1,200 luxury real estate purchases ... in 2016 found more than 10% were tied to"
" : You really need to have a much more humble or open-minded approach to how you going to understand the Chinese. "
" i was told climate change is a chinese hoax."
"2 consecutive days na kong chinese food for dinner "
"Voila!! Our Chinese flowers are fantastic!!  "
" :  I Love 2046 Which Is Part Of A Triology, Lovely Film, #TonyLeung Has Been In Alot Of Hong Kong/Chinese Dir"
" : Thanks,  for contributing this Chinese woman's 1885 autobiography describing her conversion to Christianit"
"     Bhrast Chinese ghandi parivar jo hinduon ka bhi drohi hai."
" : Govt goes after Chinese destroying Kenyan forest [VIDEO]://t.co/4dqSigLTfq"
"i have 0 motivation to do my chinese compo"
"Some questioned the new Japanese imperial era name as this is the first time it was not taken directly from a histo "
"Looks like today's #Mockingbird Talking Point is:WH Clearances Are Worse Than HRC Emails that she was se "
"        "
"Chinese scam call centre busted in Chalong - Phuket News "
" : Panelo et al have called this story exaggerated. Hard to say that though; what we have been showing are actual slides f"
" :  | Arribaron a Venezuela 65 toneladas de Medicamentos e Insumos M provenientes de China  en el marco del Con"
" | T   "
" : The international nature of children's play pt. 2: I WENT TO A #CHINESE RESTAURANT: children's hand clapping song play"
"Cops working to protect MoBay Chinese business operators "
" : This is how Chinese Bible school students reacted when they received Bibles. power of God's Word  and its import"
"Chinese Firefighters Contain Forest Blaze After 30 Dead#China #ForestFire://t.co/hEle8qdrAb "
"Umalma ang taiwan sa pag-aligid ng dalawang Chinese fighter jets sa Taiwan Strait. Inakyat naman ng ilang migrante "
"  and how do you imagine your Chinese-made device arrived in your hand exactly? How do think w "
"The Liberals have again moved to skip routine proceedings in the House this morning, which will prevent the Speaker "
" Jade is the most popular color. Meaningful in abundance of peaceful, and wealthy. Chinese believe "
" But Chinese pmi.... ;)"
" : Dear stupid illiterate blacks who are attacking fellow Africans. U need to liberate ur rat minds and develop black consciou"
" :  haha for sure :) Since then using Anki is a daily habit. I read all Chinese reading companions I could fi"
"Accommodations&gt;Britain&gt; Chinese province Hunan targets UK-- #accommodations "
" : this is dead top 1 chinese food spots in Brooklyn idec "
"ITBP Kashmir Command activated to face off with the Chinese build up in Leh and Ladakh. Army will henceforth get in "
"Chickity China the Chinese chicken have a drumstick and your brain stops tickin'   I've had t "
"The Chinese youth may be extremely intelligent but from my personal experience they lack imagination and that is so "
"Your instincts about worldly possessions are uncannily sharp. ... More for Aquarius "
" | T   "
"is there anyone who cares about 200 Chinese ships spotted near a disputed island in the South China Sea--- IT IS JUST ME?"
" : Hear Uyghur women tell their stories. Space is limited--reserve your seat at "
"://t.co/hhQZYnCekr "
"McLaren pick softest tyre selection for China | 2019 Chinese Grand Prix "
"Philippines protests Chinese ships around disputed island "
"what's your alias  you Chinese? "
"fck i dk chinese"
"If  would be a Chinese.  doesn't understand Hindi or English but a diehard fan of   "
" : O'Connell Street in the mist by Chinese artist &amp; travel writer Chiang Yee. Painted after his visit in 1948 &amp; featured in h"
"Different rules for different people.   Justice K was coaching girl soccer team and he was call named and went afte "
" Jajajajajaja te amo  alegras mis d jajajaja."
" Most of the  Drug sold on the streets is not coming from the Chinese Government fool"
" | T   "
" : The first group pre-orders of BTS MAP OF THE SOUL : PERSONA in China officially ended today. We made the record of 904"
" : Thx for being transparent . Sharing your tips w/ the backdrop of the Chinese Bamboo Tree parable is inspir"
" : Japan deployed hundreds of troops and missile units on its southwest islands on March 26, in a move to counter Chinese"
" #( `)()"
"       Nick names of PS, I'm so sorry, because it's "
" : While criticising Nehru justifiably for signing a treaty to hand to China Tibet  in 1954 let us not forget Vajpayee signed a s"
"New: Chinese reading challenge, April 2019: #learnchinese #reading "
"Chinese in Shah Alam will always make it a point to acknowledge each other. Sometimes it a hi, sometimes it a n "
" Dance ver. (Chinese ver)://t.co/kJ1p3WDRAo"
" 1. A clear argument that a blockchain/smart contract gives added value to the sports rewards model. 2.Chi "
" :  20190401 Gun Twitter Update, handsome! &amp; Chinese trans in pic : Aiko**MarkGun_Chi"
"Chinese girls 9-16yrs submitted for a series of promotional videos   #Childactors #teambobe"
"thanks beb VCS 45 menit untuk include #SURABAYA , Open 1 slot lg beb. Special #promo#AlterPromotion #Chinese "
" : An Illustrated Timeline of Chinese Immigration to the US Illuminates a History of Xenophobia   by "
"While the #US avoided increasing tariffs on $200B worth of Chinese imports from 10% to 25% on March 1, 2019, it rem "
" Think I'm buying that waaaaweyyy Chinese spy next to see how much better they are at stealing info."
"Chinese colleges to offer #AI major in challenge to US, comments by  "
" | T   "
"Ho pensato la stessa cosa dopo aver ascoltato Chinese Democracy "
" "
"McLaren pick softest tyre selection for China | 2019 Chinese Grand Prix: #F1 #LH44"
" tell the Chinese to sell us BIG PLASTIC BINS for debris collection, its easy ya"
"Actually kind of emotional as I purchase my ENDGAME tickets this morning. I be making a special trip to see a be "
" Es por quedarnos muertas de la risa hasta las 3 a.m!"
"iyak ako ng iyak sa chinese ver. ng it started with a kiss (fall in love at first kiss)"
" China loaned $2 billion to kazakhstan government working with the Chinese government   Persecution of human rights"
" Interesting comment but I think the article makes the case for the increased attention. The recent inciden "
" : /27 /27() 2500+1D600:30 HOODIE"
"Creative Recruitment: Creative Artworker native level Chinese language skills:  -  per day: Creative Recrui "
"Major Chinese-made web browsers are reportedly blocking 996ICU's GitHub repo "
"  Did you complain as much when the Chinese did it too? With a debris field 15 times larger?"
"Every year, 20,000 people come together to wear eyeliner and shout  hao at each other at a  festival i "
" : Japan is the only country still using Chinese-style imperial calendars."
"Actually my English name is Fyn all the time, but I found that many Chinese didn know how to pronounce it and Eng "
"no no one seems to be asking a question of Diane Feinstein is a Chinese spy was she passing on information to the C "
"Hey is there any chinese speaker here? "
" : Most want-to-see films on Chinese Maoyan ticket site's history - 1.54 million users: Infinity War - 1.1"
" My personal favorite that most Chinese people grew up with  good quality instant noods "
"Hi is there any chinese speaker here? "
" And imo the leading indicator that the market focused on was the Chinese PMI"
" : Buddhist in #Nepal protesting against utterly ridiculous demand from Nepali's #China sycophant politicians to ban the use of"
"  Bingo bingo? The guy with roid rage and bad hair plugs who was fired from the Secret Servi "
"It took Chinese workers on the Central Pacific fifteen months to drill and blast through 1,659 ft of rock to comple "
" : An important read for those of us teaching large numbers of Chinese students (even outside the US):'Different is not de"
" : In China there are calls for it's #steel mills to restrain output, as the flooding of products is denting profit margins."
" : Chinese economic history"
"Do not forget small kindnesses and do not remember small faults. - Chinese Proverb "
"ILSR's Neil Seldman explains how Chinese import restrictions on recycled materials are an opportunity for U.S. citi "
" Bisa. Asal beli oishinya aja. tim peraya chinese apa hk beli oishi berdus2 demi liburan bareng "
" : MAJOR: Chinese #Military Personnel Arrive in #Venezuela with 'Humanitarian Supplies' #Arms #Chave"
"Thx for being transparent . Sharing your tips w/ the backdrop of the Chinese Bamboo Tree parable is in "
"AIVD: Chinese invloed C2000 onwenselijk - Verbinding TV "
"Lmfaooo ion care if I say I done with my mom I still bam bop yo ahh if u say anything to her and lol I dare u "
"The #ROCKWOOL family and customer base grew larger in 2018 with the addition of Chinese stone wool producer, Yangzh "
" : This week on the #SewingBee the sewers were creating types from around the world.  Here we have a little"
" : Contra the belief that including Chinese bonds in overseas indices will make China more responsive to int'l pressure, acce"
" :  terezi goes absolute apeshit for chinese new year, look at all the goddamn red around"
"#Taiwan says it will forcefully expel Chinese jets next time they cross the Taiwan Strait median line "
"Major Chinese-made web browsers are reportedly blocking 996ICU's GitHub repo - "
"Ang hirap makinig sa Chinese  pag walang subtitle. HAHA"
"Chinese tech giant Tencent plans $5 billion dollar bond sale: sources "
" I think yung manga is japanese lng talaga, manhwa parang chinese/korean version etc. yung webtoon i "
"   Wow America is truly a shithole then. I grew up in Singapore where we "
"Learning chinese is not easy!!!!! tipong hanggang  numbers tsaka introduction ka lang.When to move on. Hirap p "
" : Dragonbear cracks showing everywhere. More telling is Russian and Chinese interests conflicting in Africa, specifically Suda"
"New artwork for sale! - Chinese and American food sign - "
" "
"Apple cuts iPhone prices in China's struggling iPhone sales just got a boost from the Chinese government. "
" | T   "
"New #job: Creative Artworker native level Chinese language skills  Location: London Salary:  -  .. "
" : #PutongWords:  (k) mouth fragrant candy, refers to chewing gum. example of brilliant Chinese namin"
"...My Chinese teacher just played Pen Pinapple Apple Pen and someone fell off their chair (They were asleep) will never unsee that"
"  so? does American or Chinese taiwan people born rich? does Chinese people lazy or negative?"
" : Chinese Kung Fu Girl! by ctrltstudio #artwork #artist #artstation #chinese #kungfu #kungfugirl "
" .."
"  Chinese Bitter Mellon "
" :   bts as dragons in Chinese mythology  thread "
"Yes. It called  Human in Chinese or Vietnamese ( or L ng). Trying to be ALWAYS Neutral AND Invisibl "
"Alibaba group (including Ant Financial) paid $7.7 billion in corporate tax to Chinese government, one of leading co "
"P3/2 are making Chinese flowers with Mrs Fan. We had to follow instructions carefully!    "
"#ELECTION2019:        .          . "
"Chinese food today "
" : I am not a . I am a pure Malaysian. I a Malaysian. The moment I leave Malaysia, I not a Malay, Chinese"
"  I'm more curious on his influences with the Chinese and the billion dollar deal his son managed "
"     Ok. Did you know that prominent biologist ar "
"(Chinese) ( ) 1.2(Korean) ( ) 1.3(Chinese) 1.3  !# #exo    "
" : 181016 Huya Live taught JM how to say wt r u staring at in his hometown(like Dialect), after RJ said it, JM replied"
"i mean, valkyrie was in the chinese (?) poster, doctor strange is in the latest trailer WHAT GAME ARE WE PLAYING, M "
".6% | T   "
" I didn't translate it myself lol was a Chinese fan helping me translate ^^"
" Katherine's Clip  "
"://t.co/nUwRIPB5VA"
"Busy day in Beijing. We met w/ Chinese importers representing food &amp; ag who have been longtime supporters of US Soy "
"12 Korean ver. 1.1 Chinese ver. 1.1 chapter1  1.5 vol.2 Chinese ver. 0.9  hug v "
"Wow. It has been said China took a page from the Brits Opium Wars of yesteryear and were waging same on the west. I "
" : "
"/t g l le ./"
"Chinese improving infrastructure in Doklam. "
"    and enduring #civilizations like those of the #Hindus and the "
" : Former Chinese IMF official on the Financial Crisis: New financial crisis would make 2008's seem child's play.://"
"  "
"U.S. and Chinese Manufacturing Stabilize, While Europe Lags Behind "
" :   Opa! I thought about debris falling back to earth eventually, but had not considered the IS"
"McLaren pick softest tyre selection for China | 2019 Chinese Grand Prix McLaren has chosen the softest selection of "
"Chinese Food Clark #CFC "
"China premier telecommunications company, Huawei, has risen to power through force, fraud and coordination with t "
"    Phir se topic change kar diya janab?  Koi nahi BTW aaj phir "
" : This Chinese AI startup backed by Google is targeting funding at a $1 billion valuation before a Shanghai IPO.  h"
"Pulitzer Prize-winning AP photographer Liu Heung Shing was at Tiananmen Square when  hell broke loose on June "
"April issue now out - article 7: How useful is Google in evaluating Chinese journals? The findings are that it may "
" : No complaints here #viewsfordays : Red Chinese Ting : .man via IG "
"31/11:22NMH24 electromagnetic weapon criminal attacked and fired fake image of FBI Christopher Wray at brain visual "
" The origional message was  a man that's crapped himself is waiting in reception for you. Chinese whispers eh?"
" : Habang busy tayo sa jakol vid ni , baka hindi mo na napansin na may daan-daang Chinese Vessels ang nakapaligid sa P"
" : So many beautiful flowers (and birds and bamboo) in this extraordinary 400 year old Chinese collection of calligraphy and pa"
"2M9D (Chinese) [Place]- = Garden- = Hotel- = Hospital- = Post Office- = Park- = Office- = Can "
""
"  You think some Chinese fans are not good and I dislike some Japanese.Both of them ar "
"The chinese abbreviation to  im dead is so powerful it encompasses so much emotion in 4 letters () and, wow"
"  Chinese boss needs results, Australian boss is too infected with political corectness to realize that."
"Dit is de bandenkeuze per coureur voor de Chinese Grand Prix ://t.co/DCCGT4F1BP #chinesegp #f1 #shanghai "
" : #1THE9 Wonderland Episode 2 now has subtitles in English and Turkish, while the behind has subtitles in English, tradition"
" : ICYMI: This Chinese AI startup backed by Google is targeting funding at a $1 billion valuation before a Shanghai IPO https:"
" : Oh My Korean Ver. My Chinese Ver. My Japanese Ver. song is queen "
" Center"
" X2"
"# "
"love me right chinese version enthusiast"
"Chinese teacher detained for allegedly poisoning 23 children "
"#BrownBookADay  Professor Oded Galor, Unified Growth Theory (Chinese edition)  "
" The lack of volume suggests it might be a Chinese wig."
"  The Liberal Party is uncannily like the Chinese Communist Party. My party, right, or wrong, or "
"Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children porridge "
" : Mexico Looks to Capitalize on Chinese Tourist Interest in Culture: "
"In North America's biggest Uber holdout, it pays to know Chinese "
" : Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children's porridge "
"#Chinese con-game continues and hapless #Western leaders continue to fall for it.  "
"The fate of Chinese migrant workers "
" what are your thoughts around workers on h1b that are currently backlogged in decades for their greencard "
" Sa mall. Not sure if kakatapos mo lang nun mag-gym haha"
"O'Connell Street in the mist by Chinese artist &amp; travel writer Chiang Yee. Painted after his visit in 1948 &amp; featur "
"        Greater focus on "
"Sheng Xue, a Chinese dissident, thought she'd have a safe life in Canada. Then she became the victim of online char "
" : #Pakistan: A Chinese human trafficking ring busted in Pakistan. #Chinese men posed as #Muslim converts, married with Paki"
"Investor Kathy Xu Rockets To 2019 Midas List Top Ten As Power Of Chinese Startups Grows #ForbesMidas "
"Newer travel trade events in China, UTE and COME are roadshow-style events, with 22 stops in different Chinese citi "
"AIVD: Chinese invloed C2000 onwenselijk. "
"Ella (6) loves math &amp; was one of the top students in the First in Math program. Ella also loves reading her favo "
"Chinese kindergarten teacher detained after allegedly poisoning 23 children://t.co/gQDunMBdby"
"Ferrari is wat conservatiever dan de concurrentie in hun keuze "
"The increasing threat to wild Chinese giant salamanders - Tellurian Studies "
"Separate PM for J&amp;K remark: Twitter spat between Gambhir, Omar- Abolish special status of J&amp; k. Treat  separatists "
"  "
" #"
"Electric vehicles, most notably EV bus fleets, are increasingly displacing oil consumption in the world w/ China be "
"    You'd think with all the Chinese money laundering going on they would not "
" : #Taiwan says it will forcefully expel Chinese jets next time they cross the Taiwan Strait median line "
"   All indications thus far is that the Chinese were reading her emails in real "
" : South #Africa is not like other countries in #Africa where Chinese companies rely on ultra low-cost labor, so its relationshi"
" yes chinese members are fabulous "
" are the Chinese ones copies"
" You may find interesting to look at Kyrgyzstan's case: "
"Taena naging chinese font yung cellphone ko"
"Jim Paredes Scandal &gt; Chinese Debt Trap, Chinese Govt invading our Territory, Artificial Water Shortage, Farmers Ma "
"Association between AXIN1 gene polymorphisms and epithelial ovarian cancer in Chinese population. "
"Recently #uYilo hosted a delegation of Chinese officials on a visit to #SouthAfrica, providing a tour of the "
"This is the first time in my memory (I am 77) that the U.S. has fallen way behind in leading edge technology. Why? "
"   "
"#MakanMalamApa halal resto, Shan-Chinese-Thai menu.#KelanaRasaYangon "
"LA Review of Books on Chinese Science Fiction://t.co/hR5UXd1j0O"
" : Many passive investors are about to become creditors to the Chinese government and its policy banks for the first time. "
""
"A major Chinese study last year proposed a connection between pollution and lowered cognitive performance, while a "
" You are most definitely an exception. The majority are swinging the chinese way and this tide ain't c "
" We simply need to be vigilant. What's going on there is a clear evidence of the current middle-income tr "
"  What about the Chinese debris?"
"Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning of 23 kindergarteners "
"Chinese global warming hoax meets best China trade deal ever  "
"Picture - worth more than a thousand words, Chinese would put it. "
"Chinese boats deny Filipino fishermen access to sandbars "
"  Well I guess you must be Chinese or you would feel the same way about fellow Canadians or "
"So there's that Chinese music app called NetEase in which you can ask the 'secretary' to upload songs  asked them "
" Won't be surprised if Pappu Ji  has also done a deal on his last visit to Beijing to giv "
"Merck bags Chinese OK for Keytruda in first-line lung cancer "
"Good morning, here Chinese Bootleg Big Bird. "
"US and Chinese manufacturing activity was up in March but what does that mean for the global economy? Good read fro "
" : : Huawei is closely aligned with Beijing and required by law to quote 'support, assist, and cooperate with na"
"Merck bags Chinese OK for Keytruda in first-line lung cancer "
" I have 8 in my roster."
" : Remember Alexandre Pato? If not this goal will remind you!  is currently 28 playing for Chinese club Tianjin Quanj"
"US-China trade war inactivity could lead to the  recession in recent Chinese history, says scholar "
" my Australian boss, my current Chinese boss has never berated me for not being socialist enough, says a pr "
"U.S. and Chinese manufacturing sectors showed signs of stabilizing in March "
" : This is ridiculous. It a distraction and damaging to our reputation as an investment destination., obscuring th"
"Exclusive: Peter Schweizer Reveals Joe Biden's Son's Massive Deal with Chinese Company  to Steal' America's "
"  But Chinese have their own ball to play..... looking through the world mirror, India today i "
" : 5 factors driving the Chinese lawtech boom #china #technology "
"#Saudi "
"     Chinese driver - probably a wash."
"Chinese internet giant #Baidu will launch a #selfdriving taxi service in Changsha, Central China's Hunan province, "
" Her body her choice.://t.co/JcYC8z2YRp"
"I am a new boy for Tiwtter , so I want make an aboard friend . I'm a Chinese "
" : Is Pagasa island a Philippine territory? It's a claim di ba? So why are people angry if Chinese vessels are on that area? What"
"    Having read 's paper on how the Chinese reduced costs, I "
"Military Strategy Classics of Ancient China, including #theartofwar - Preview on #BookBuzzr #strategy - "
"Elderly Chinese Man Protecting His Dog From The Rain  "
" :   &amp; Jared bestie, a suspected Chinese spy, lobbied for a tall pagoda on a hill at the DC Arboretum (near WH)"
"1. i japanese/chinese/filo ayEEee"
"ShanghaiDragons This art is phenomenal! favourite moment this stage other than SHD getting your first win has b "
"Match the Pinyin!) P b x) W li b le) Sh ju m) ) )  "
"Building a strong #PersonalBrand is crucial for your #career success. Check out useful strategies here  "
"How are Chinese vanadium-steel rebar legislations going to affect demand for #vanadium? Analyst  discuss "
" : So I just discovered =GOOGLETRANSLATE in google sheets and now my entire life has changed. Never again will I manually tr"
"Tires selected by drivers for Chinese GP. "
"Chinese effort to clone gene-edited monkeys kicks off #Science #Genetics #GeneEditing"
"water: , natural mineral water:  More info: # #Chinese #English "
"Govt goes after Chinese destroying Kenyan forest [VIDEO]://t.co/4dqSigLTfq"
"Govt goes after Chinese destroying Kenyan forest [VIDEO]://t.co/qiVwJq6hyI"
"Some have called it creepy but others are loving it. This article discusses what so appealing about Tom Hiddlesto "
"Chinese Firefighters Contain Forest Blaze After 30 Dead#China #ForestFire://t.co/qNr3vZPDHo "
"It would be Kirin in Japanese, quilin is Chinese. , if my memory serves they're more dragon like than h "
"Exclusive: Peter Schweizer Reveals Joe Biden Son Massive Deal with Chinese Company  to Steal America "
"How dare you, Mr. Gondorff! Don't you realize that the indigenous Miao people of southern China have suffered over "
"     I don't support money going to Chinese."
"Why do Chinese  schools need barbed wire and cattle prods? "
" : How does #China respond to a #UN #humanrights review?  With (again) threats and lies.  "
"Our new spring 2019 Milan White. A sun dried white tea made from an early picking of Milan Dancong varietal tea whi "
"McLaren pick softest tyre selection for China | 2019 Chinese Grand Prix: "
" : Nur wenige Tage nach der russischen Milit kommt die chinesische Armee in Venezuela an.  gesagt es wird schwierig"
"So, for the first time in my life I tried millet porridge, prepared in a Chinese way so its savory like congee. I w "
" : Alibaba President Mike Evans: You have to be patient with the Chinese consumer, but they are very good at telling us wha"
"Is Pagasa island a Philippine territory? It's a claim di ba? So why are people angry if Chinese vessels are on that "
" : Opinion | Keep the Chinese government away from 5G technology "
"() -  - Yahoo! "
"Kaya pala alam ko na pagkakasunod ng mga scenes eh Chinese version ng Mischievous Kiss"
" : [PHOTO] 190205 Yili Chang Yi 100% weibo updated with #LuHan : Happy Chinese New Year "
"A good reason to vote for BJP is that Pakistan has invested money in INC and we can't even rule out a possible Chin "
" "
"://t.co/QPEJKem2Gg "
"    ://t.co/ASeudV4k4s"
"Did Deep State Cover Up Chinese Hack of Hillary Clinton's Email System? #Trump2020 "
"New top story on Hacker News: Major Chinese-made web browsers are reportedly blocking 996ICU's GitHub repo "
" : Chinese tech giant Tencent plans US$5 billion dollar bond sale - sources "
" : Trade war inactivity could bring  recession in recent Chinese history "
" : Hoisin sauce, a thick sweet-and-spicy Chinese condiment, gives ground turkey a deep and savory flavor in this new twist on"
" : B.A CHINESE STUDIES  #Unilag2018Convocation "
"Damn, my bet:  will be filter soon in #China ://t.co/s0U84ARdXA"
"[indonesia-act] Indonesian Chinese still face discrimination. Can one Muslim make a difference this election? - ETA "
" and the they come another Cuba, Venezuela, Nicaragua, Bolivia etc. and then invite the Russian &amp; Chinese to come in..!!"
" : a chinese texted me this "
" : Going to both Agriculture and International Trade Committee meetings today to work on reopening the Chinese market for"
"For the Indonesian military, one Chinese fishing militia vessel violating Indonesia's EEZ off Natuna Islands is one "
"At Least 27 Firefighters Killed in Chinese Forest Fire 700 people were battling the blaze, which broke out i "
" : 3.  How to get Stars in every day the news (change language, Korean can get 30. Japanese can get 10. Ch"
" I don trust the Chinese government. Why should we believe them?"
"Thanks,  for contributing this Chinese woman's 1885 autobiography describing her conversion to Chris "
"I fancy a Chinese tonight who going to send  via circle pay or bank transfer to cover the cost what good piggi "
"Proper fancy a Chinese"
" : Chinese teacher accused of serving poisoned porridge to 23 children "
"AIVD waarschuwt voor Chinese en Russische technologie: "
" With our industry's and military's MASSIVE dependency on Chinese rare earth elements, is this really "
"This Chinese guy just sat down at my dinner table for 5 mins. I stared at him and he acted casual then left without exchanging any words"
"pretty sure the Monroe Doctrine also applies to the Chinese influence in Central America - it appears that Trump ha "
" The Dictator who not just want to dictate the Chinese but the world at large."
"Chateau de Cadillac-en-Fronsadais sold to Chinese investor "
" : I ain never seen a pregnant Chinese or Korean, I just be seeing them with babies"
"There a Chinese book from the 16th century with a side character who a stone monkey. He immortal 4 different "
"baru je borak dgn oppa pasal tudung tadi. said you know what, girls with hijab are so mysterious. we, chinese "
"Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children porridge "
" 2. No one to blame but themselves for their creation turning on them and devouring them.  True jou "
"  Probably, but they would cost $59, because the workshop owner's rent is through the r "
" : 1. ,  and I have been bringing threads of the truth behind the surrender of the Panama Canal, the bo"
"  "
"google translate at it finest  not all (my chinese knowledge &gt;&lt;)"
"Chinese construction, troop movement again in Doklam: Report "
"  Please also speak against terrorism, proxy war, Chinese threat,Naxalism, radicalization, narc "
" : if you don't know yOUR DOG SPEAKS CHINESE?! then we can't be friends "
" :   A billion dollar deal for Hunter Biden, signed with a Chinese bank, shortly after a trip with Dad on Air"
" : The RA 10654 aims to prevent, deter and eliminate ILLEGAL, UNREPOED AND UNREGULATED FISHING. strikto ng imp"
"  Is her rolls driver Chinese? I hear most are in that neck of the woods."
" : . Lawsuit Seeks Documents Potentially Showing FBI Ignored Intelligence Community IG Evidence That Chinese Hack"
"I just remembered that my ex boyfriend has a chinese takeout box tattooed on his thigh"
"April issue now out - article 4: how Chinese journals have been supported by the State, and why the metrics used to "
" of Chinese goverment -Nur Bekri  could not avoid the punishment of China.  No o "
"Album of Daoist and Buddhist Themes: Kings of Hells: Leaf 31, 1200s #chineseart "
" : Yawn, Patriots. A wannabe, statist, globalist, quasi Marxist,overlord talking party line garbage - Pope Francis who sold"
" The scope of these Chinese multi-national companies is a little overwhelming at times."
"One of my best friends and I had a tradition where we'd get Chinese and see the new Fifty Shades movie in theaters "
" Karma will strike back....Pakistanis are converting Hindu girls..just wait and you will see that Chinese "
"In Uber holdout Vancouver, it pays to know Chinese "
" : The company has insisted that its name is not racist but different. "
" : Seriously tho, why does  keep forgetting about Hope/The Wasp??? she's not on the chinese poster and now sh"
"Vote ANC at your own risk. Ramaphosa cut ties with Jianbao Chen, chairman of Chinese company Huarong Energy "
"She is the only member who is learning Chinese"
"My smartphone might be made in China but the brand is American. The pool becomes toxic when the brand and manufactu "
"Facial recognition speeds up Chinese airports "
"   PLA generals will challenge Xi and CCP if they allow Taiwan to be lost. T "
"A Chinese statue at the Mombasa Railway Terminus. A navigator who travelled to Kenya and enhances Kenya and China "
" : Is spying on your family the ultimate betrayal? Yusuf Amat is a Uighur, who says he was coerced to inform on his community f"
" : The Mar-a-Lago and Chinese  executives story  isn simply about crony capitalism or foreign businesses buying a"
" :  so-called  of human trafficking doesn make sense for what going on at massage parlors, massage workers la"
" i think this is fake though because i saw the OP of the picture and it was just a fansign slot whe "
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat? - Bitcoin News "
"April issue now out - article 3: growth of Chinese English Language journals, the publishing partnerships they ente "
"How is this even a crime, women do this every time - spinning plates. Game really does work...he got the sex and mo "
" That was certainly one of mine too! (As an independent reader.) I remember a very very sad story about a "
" I am both a U$ &amp; Puerto Rican citizen. a Puerto Rican, I'd support our Chinese liberators if t "
"So i pi saloon ni, then ada abg chinese ni dia urut rambut and leher.  Bapak sedap siaaaaa. Selalu i pi saloon lain "
" Dear did you really ask a Chinese what this means a bit weird"
" :  government : STOP yulin festival! "
"Are the Chinese using Venezuela as a battleground to get back at the CIA operatives exposed by Clinton in China? "
"Chinese troop activity near Doklam again: report://t.co/PHcsvxeura : Deccan Herald via Dailyhunt "
"  Joe's son hitched ride on AF2 to china he walked away with a multi million $ deal But somehow t "
"Officials: Chinese kindergarten teacher allegedly poisoned 23 kids://t.co/ZMUMrGErtS"
"  look da, I will take the fall for the big guy here. It was my idea to get that poptart and after "
" : either /27() 2500+1D600:30 HOODIE"
" : A Chinese firm is building Montenegro's first freeway, which is expected to boost growth for the Balkan state #BeltandRoad"
" dealbook Negotiators are still working out deal terms, but any agreement seems certain to involve China promi "
" : I'm on the record for being very skeptical of reports that Chinese coal consumption had peaked earlier this decade."
" : Me: *listening to regular* oh its Chinese version. me: *hears korean phrase* wtf? --- oh sht it is the mashup version of"
" "
"After a wonderful weekend in #jeonju  to finish a spring break in Korea, it has been back to the grind this week. "
" : BRO XIAOZHAN FANGIRLS DONT HAVE TO CLIMB MOUNTAINS ANYMORE BUT BAD NEWS IS WE CANNOT SEE XIAOZHAN IN THOSE ANCIENT CHINESE"
" "
" : hallmark of quality filipino-chinese education so random ganahan lang ko ana na line sa chong hua bye"
"Vanmiddag verschijnt het boek van oud-correspondent  over #China. Ik interviewde hem alvast over De "
"Chinese influence and the Western academy: Time for a concerted response  Asia Dialogue "
"Chinese students, secure a #graduate job by attending the Geely recruitment tour: "
"Keep the Chinese government away from 5G technology understandable position, but late to implement. wil "
" You are a freaking liar too.  Courting Chinese &amp; Saudis for money to bail out your family.  GET OUT O "
"This tea is most revered Chinese teas, produced in Fuding &amp; Zhenhe of Fujian. Gathered for few days in early spring "
"An important read for those of us teaching large numbers of Chinese students (even outside the US):'Different is n "
"One Chinese mother summed up the culture values and norms regarding marriage:  you build your life, and on "
"They just used three stickers. "
"More than 20,000 children injected with expired vaccines in Chinese county, protesting parents say "
"  A billion dollar deal for Hunter Biden, signed with a Chinese bank, shortly after a trip with "
"35 Chinese universities will now offer #AI undergraduate degrees. "
"Was doing some touristy stuff and came across a guy who would take a photo of you in traditional Chinese clothing.. "
" My sch is a gangster sch. So many mat/minahreps lol. Right aft that incident, i pull myself out and mix "
"The Top 50 Chinese Brand Builders 2019 report finds  Power is rising fastest in Japan, France and Spain, rep "
"      Chinese companies routinely ask young w "
" Wala talaga, , ang alam kung intense  eh Hua Hua You Long (chinese) tas Totally Captivated (korean) "
" : Vanitas paintings often depicted symbols of mortal wealth, accomplishment, and luxurious pleasure; playing cards, tobacco p"
" : ..children were rushed to hospital after eating their morning porridge at the kindergarten in Jiaozuo..://t.co/p"
"Chinese ships circling Pag-asa Island, Facebook taking down the troll armies, and the questionable provisions in th "
" : On the ground level of my aunty apartment compound. There a park for little kids to play. The layout is similar for new Ch"
" : 10 things you didn't know about Chinese culture. Follow us now!"
" : N E WAYS! please stream wakey wakey, regular (eng. kor. Chinese versions.), we go up(!!!), simon says, and dream launch mv !"
" Oh! Ivanka been given trade rights to flog Chinese made magic narcissist mirrors to MAGAts..."
"murag ako ganina sa Chinese Philo. discussion "
"I need a Chinese"
" A fking crook selling green cards to Chinese for $500K"
" No idea on that reference but to my knowledge quilin Chinese and kirin Japanese do for the same crit "
" : Chinese regulator said it has approved 30 imported online #games, including #Tencent  of Thrones: Winter is Coming."
"USDA Allows US Chicken To Be Processed In Toxic Chinese Factories "
" "
"Closing the classroom door and finishing another great day filled with teaching, friendship, and language learning. "
" :   Will we see a Chinese-remake of Marriage Italian Style w/ the opening of Xitaly One Belt One Road"
" : The secretive &amp; undocumented nature of the way people are being held there makes it nearly impossible to trace or confirm the"
"Detroit To Become America Second Chinese-Style Surveillance City #privacy #SmartCity "
" *Possible spoiler* The main tagline on the Chinese poster for the movie pretty much confirms the comeback agai "
" :  winwin traditional chinese dance   a thread "
" BIG LIE, The Chinks want USA all dead. Heck nobody is even talking about the millions of ash trees "
"  The Chinese ? Really? They have a ruler for life! Oppression unless otherwise noted."
" : We been enjoying a variety of traditional Chinese dishes in Shanghai...although some of the decorative touches were a"
"Pretty reliable shodan dork for open Chinese malware shares &gt; country:CN product:HttpFileServer httpd"
" : Uhm by the way 're not  Chinese cartoons 's called !!! GOT IT?!?!  they're  CHINESE!!!"
" Ballak"
" : jaehyun: have you ever eaten chinese meat?: yeah: what was it like: he seemed to enjoy it"
" : Chinese boats deny Filipino fishermen access to sandbars  "
"    Chinese Media ne aamir Khan ke muh pe thooka TOH jaise wah "
" : #Islamic_Basics_Series #Islamic_Basics_Series3 Best Ways To Motivate People Effectively,Without Authority://t"
" : FC Bayern will close the current season with a trip to Beijing on 29 May 2019, 11 days after the final Bundesliga matchday"
" Let's not forget that Spystein aka  never lost her security clearance after having a Chinese spy for 20 years."
" Hahaha! San mo ko nakita?"
"18. If you could instantly learn a language, which one would it be? because I am too lazy to sit down and s "
" Chinese products? BULLSHIT!!!!!"
" Um weyh, but we have to compete with the chinese "
"Started acupuncture and drinking Chinese medicine for my anxiety and shit. The old lady told me not to drink coffee "
"China announced it would ban all variants of the powerful opioid, a move that could slow the supply of a "
" | T   "
"   Chinese are dumping, mobile phones&amp; parts there off, chargers, power cords, se "
" shame on you for selling non complaint and unsafe Balloons in your stores. Cheap Chinese imports that "
"  Many protests and prejudices against Chinese BRI because the runway is not right based o "
"   The Chinese had been planning to encircle and subdue India's regiona "
" Chinese man os dumber than Elon"
" : Won 4-0 at home against Gwent 3rds today. Goals  x2 and  x2. Player of the match for "
" Congress fought for freedom.Congress kept India united.India resisted Chinese aggression under Congres "
" :  wanna get so drunk I start speaking Chinese - Jess"
" Pendek, putih, chinese, umurnya tuan dia tapi mukanya mudaan dia :( humoris, ngangenin, pinter bikin ba "
"It basically says Melanin Poppin in 90s taco bell style which I'm certain is a Chinese ripp off of something else "
" : Quick recap bad direction things have gone past 2 years, in addition to Saudi regime killing #Khashoggi a WaPo journali"
" FBI found her server hacked  least 4X. Worse yet, she put it back in service after first time. Wh "
"    China me Zero release nahi hui beta.. To china kyu add kar "
"Inner Chinese    "
" Not to worry, they have enough shell companies set up in other countries that the fentanyl will be "
"Chinese government : STOP yulin festival! -  la petici! "
" : 'He was supposed to help us': Chinese immigrants out thousands after immigration agent disappears | CBC News "
"Much discussion in the last two sessions here at #InternetFF about how the so-called Chinese social credit system "
" : O.M.G. is the feeling about you have got my heart already.: AMP From Netease Lofter.# #bingqiu #Scum"
" | T   "
"   It's TRUE. India tries to do anything against Pakistan. Why do you think we on "
"You will always be ours MIngming  Chinese sister love you  #Saint_sup #TheGreatDragonSaint21stHBD "
" :   3. How can you use self reliance as an excuse when even the World Bank has raised issues wi"
" : Time for planting! Chinese farmers are busy planting wheat and vegetable seeds in the field when it is a perfect timing for pl"
"4/3  HATE SMOKE RECORDS Fruits Paradise HOODIE "
"I am now listening to  Monster by Chinese Football "
"     Chinese? In 2012, who did not cross the "
"does anyone have a number for the chinese embassy in the uk that WORKS????"
"Major Chinese-made web browsers are reportedly blocking 996ICU's GitHub re "
"Oooh this half filifino half chinese is so so so so so so"
" You're gonna steal it from a chinese site somehow as well?"
" yeah but im the unfortunate bitch to hold the power"
" : Completely idiotic. fails to learn from Chinese mad satellite missile test and carries out its own missile test"
" : This hard on the heels of 25th March news that COIDIC (Chinese development fund) inked a gas-to-power deal with the SEZ"
"An Illustrated Timeline of Chinese Immigration to the US Illuminates a History of Xenophobia   by "
" : 190331 Handong -   with Chinese --&gt; Japanese--&gt; Korean ver. queen~://t.co/rzUW0SaVdI"
" : Buddhist in #Nepal protesting against utterly ridiculous demand from Nepali's #China sycophant politicians to ban the use"
" Wow, I had not realized this. I thought maybe  or  would be contenders, but it turns out the form "
" : Thirty Chinese firefighters killed after being trapped by  fireball "
" : China is trying to close down its own coal-fired power plants because its cities are choked in smog, but Chinese companies ar"
"  His lack of presidential duties allowed Crimea fall to the Russians, Chinese to militar "
"  You need to make nice with someone.  The Chinese told Me very often these stories are complete fabrications."
" not Chinese but Viper stream vods here "
" : Young industry that is looking to mimic and replace meat with plant-based alternatives  Chinese vegetarian restaurants"
"What strikes fear in the heart of a Japanese translator such as myself? Technical, legal, medical, patents? Japanes "
" : Two of my favorite people!  talks with  on : Reports Say U.S. Sees A National Security Thre"
"  If you are a Chinese,I think you may know some Chinese.Then how about seeing this pi "
" : #icymi The second largest economy in the world has been struggling with a slowing economy and Beijing has now taken steps to"
"About a week ago, Chinese tech workers started an online protest against the 996 labor policies ( "
"  she won't decode because then we'll find her and make fun of her for acting superior about know "
"Happy birthday to our very first ever #CoolidgeAward honoree, the masterful Chinese film director Zhang Yimou! "
"In tegenstelling tot Chinese en Russische software is Amerikaanse en Israelische uiteraard wel te vertrouwen, die s "
" : 190331     Cover (Chinese ver.)# #Dreamcatcher# #Handong "
" The Chinese smartphone brands pretty much own the Indian market. Honestly, they knowing what we do on "
"Angles McManus 4-1 up on Chinese amateur Pang Junxu. #ChinaOpen"
" : We are witnessing a corrosion of European values as EU member states scramble for Chinese cash and ultimately a weake"
" "
"I can English today so imma just Chinese today"
"skl there's this old nursery by our street tas ginawa na siyang apartment ng chinese people ang weird?? it's a one "
"    "
" : Speaking of data privacy, remember that your dating and hookup apps are being monitored by the Chinese government."
"Major Chinese-made web browsers are reportedly blocking 996ICU's GitHub repo "
"Sales associate Zhou Jie failed three blood test and asked the Chinese doctor to tweak result for employment. "
"..children were rushed to hospital after eating their morning porridge at the kindergarten in Jiaozuo.. "
" : According to Las Pi hall, the owner of the China Food City said it is still on dry run and exclusive for Chinese"
"Opinion | Keep the Chinese government away from 5G technology "
" Tikatik dayun ka james chinese garter man gani imo gusto"
" : New post: Lithium Americas shares power higher after $160M Chinese investment "
" buy one in chinese shops and decorate it"
" No money .. China will not listen to them. there the are no internal  propaganda news against Chinese govt."
"Major Chinese-made web browsers are reportedly blocking 996ICU's GitHub repo "
" : Thanks HE. Ambassador JIANCHUN for receiving us at your office. Look forward to working with our sister Chinese Red Cross t"
"Excellent point. It shud also be noted that unlike other totalitarian societies like Islamic or Chinese ones India "
"A Chinese millennial just spent $2.6 million on artwork depicting the Simpsons "
"A Christian swept up by Chinese authorities as she and her husband discussed opportunities to be baptized with Chri "
"I added LHeC to the EIC WP page.://t.co/DQBHNbmFIn out there's already an LHeC page "
" government : STOP yulin festival! "
"Kyodo: Reiwa (#), the new #Japan era name, was already trademarked for a liquor brand name by a Chinese person in "
" : NEW #DC chapter event: Life under Chinese Rule in #Xinjiang -  and  discuss their personal exper"
" : Stories of some ethnic Kazakh students from China who are now hiding in Turkey to escape Chinese political prison camps. https"
" :    Duterte is leaving it all up to the Chinese,I wonder if that's also the stand of the AFP,I"
" "
"Europe lifts its Chinese veil - Elcano Blog "
"A Chinese curry every Friday night, washed down by loads of vodka and a wee team defeat on the Saturday. #dugsbaws "
" : Stray Kids( ) &lt;Cl 1 : MIROH&gt;, Spanish, Japanese, &amp; Chinese subtitles are now available!://t.co/"
"China slowing economy claims unexpected victim: tech start-ups "
" : -Europe questions Chinese trade in the wake of Xi visit-U.S. stocks rally after stronger factory data out of China-U.K. P"
"HNews: Major Chinese-made web browsers are reportedly blocking 996ICU's GitHub repo "
"   Two of its best stores for sales were in San Fran and Boulder, CO. Thos "
" Best in chinese"
" Yes, and it so hypocritical that the Chinese judges were reprimanded, but not Lorrie Parker from the "
"  "
"McLaren loads up on softs in China F1 tyre picks McLaren drivers Carlos Sainz and Lando Norris will each have... "
" : #edgeofwonder#QAnon##DeepState,"
" That is a power nobody deserves"
" :  (j s) means  color  (j z) means orange as a fruit. For both terms, you can simply say  (j) to simpli"
"I love you chinese ko haha"
" Ginger &amp; Lemon green tea/iced tea. Chicken/Veggie Noodle soup from a Chinese or any brothy soup tb "
"Chinese Communist Party best known Uygur Muslim official arrested for graft "
" Never a bad time chinese buffet"
"Annnnnd in news that doesn't shock anybody.  Huawei promotes Chinese espionage!://t.co/z8m59tjRV"
" : $AMBO Ambow Education Partners with GCQA to Establish Credit Recognition Alliance among U.S. and Chinese Colleges. Det"
"Short sleep duration is associated with inadequate hydration: cross-cultural evidence from US and Chinese adults "
" hey atleast i can sort of predict jokes now"
"Chinese products are the best. Thanks far using! "
" : Thread: On Dealing with Congress  Properly![H/T:  ]. The nation has over $22 trillion in long-term debt. W"
" :  And they meddled in our elections, far more than Russia, going back to the Clinton administration..."
"  girl it's not just because i'm a winwin stan, i'm also chinese and seeing y'all invent im "
" "
"McLaren loads up on softs in China F1 tyre picks #F1"
"Chinese sings Thai Song # OST # Original: #gamwichayanee #fb "
" And they meddled in our elections, far more than Russia, going back to the Clinton administration...://t.co/qWLA9Js90s"
"  Opa! I thought about debris falling back to earth eventually, but had not considered th "
" do whatever you want to do and our chinese fans will always support you su su na #Saint_sup"
"U.S. and Chinese manufacturing sectors showed signs of stabilizing in March "
"..children were rushed to hospital after eating their morning porridge at the kindergarten in Jiaozuo.. "
"   beloved PM&amp;FM- my ground report, Chinese have taken over our manufacturing, In "
" : #Taiwan will forcefully expel PLA warplanes next time: Tsai Ing-wen - Taiwanese president takes hardline response to #Chi"
" But you eat it when it in chinese :/ grow up x"
" : India lashes out on Chinese solar gear company for breach of contract.  more details here:#"
"chinese songs always make me emotional sia "
" Reflection of people missing, Mountain missing top left hand side, Boat missing in middle of sea, Chine "
" : ffs...it cost us 27 mln$ to gift the Port of Darwin to the Chinese ... aren't ppl being charged with the obvious t"
" : Apparently China doesn think #nuclear is out of fashion. Either. #climatechange #cleanenergy #lowcarb  "
"  That doesn't sound so bad, most Chinese kids study hard, probably less disruptive than white kids."
" (j s) means  color  (j z) means orange as a fruit. For both terms, you can simply say  (j) to si "
" : With all due respect,  needs to be down at our Texas border, not at Chinese funded Wilson Center. Your constituen"
" : Physics dept in a Chinese university wondered why students always get flawed results on a certain type of experiment. T"
" "
" Chinese United Front spies who like The Princess Bride film?Fessick, the Portcullis: "
" : #TuesdaySchoolDay #NowPlaying  -  cc  #BackToSchool  #HitDriveTimeWithDuke "
" : #Tunesday #AreaMatter/  #NP  Chinese - : #ChaiZanders#TheBeatGoesOn"
" So where were the hypocrites when usa and chinese tested the same creating even more debris?? Typical MURICAN ATTITUDE"
" : Canadian authorities say the Chinese Communist Party is running a massive influence campaign among Chinese nationals in C"
"#AtinAngPinas rally sa Chinese Consulate sa April 9, Araw ng Kagitingan! 9am sa Makati Fire Station. "
"April issue now out! Fantastic articles from authors around the world - on #authorship, #PeerReview #ethics sci-hub "
" : 'Please call me the queen of the ring': Huang Wensi, who won the Asia Female Continental Super Flyweight Championship"
"Chinese kindergarten teacher detained after allegedly poisoning 23 children  "
" So how do you think British steel will be impacted by having tariff parity with Chinese steel manufacturers?"
"New word for inflated -&gt; 'stretched' #China ://t.co/j034ZIXdxL"
" : Dig the well before you are thirsty. Chinese Proverb #quote"
" Considering you're a veggie or whatever you make some banging food em. Never be as good as the chinese you're banned from though"
" nah it just costed around like "
"I am now listening to  Dog's Diary by Chinese Football "
" I love chinese.... food "
" "
" Owl Gap was 80 mi. east of Sacramento. Note there are 4 levels of digging. Large cart wheels helped a "
"A great analysis about the current situation and the historical context of Xinjiang today. It is a tragedy for the "
" :  Children of Chinese + Pakistani parents = Chipak  WTF is Chipak kids??"
"Chinese Grand Prix 2019  Selected sets per driver - "
" DiMartinoBooth atb1936 danjohnmyers RudyHavenstein I see now where we differ. This one is simple: Who would cele "
"  Yet Democrats are worried about Russia. China hacked the DOJ for years and all the O "
"Jun and The8 Chinese Man a Korean Boygroup to a Japanese song! I love hardworking boys "
"#Grain #Futures Comments -USDA attache optimistic on Chinese soybean imports-No USDA sales announcements-Brazil "
" I thought the chinese were buying up Manhattan real estate like they are in California..? Did the NY "
"It appears that a new poster for #DetectivePikachu has been released in Chinese "
" :  We'd like to thank members of our online community for bringing our attention to the issue of the heritage of"
" do whatever you want to do go wherever you want to go and our chinese fans will always support you su su na #Saint_sup"
" : Suspect in kidnapping of Chinese student turns himself in: "
"Foreign Influence Laws Usher in a New Era for Chinese-Australians: It is often said that we Chinese migrants leave "
"China Formally Purges Former Interpol President: The former Interpol president and vice-minister of public security "
"The addition of Chinese bonds to Bloomberg global bond index could end up steering an estimated $120 billion into "
" : Mats Harborn Scania Group highlights how 60% of Chinese choose their car by how easily it connects to their phone!  Qu"
" :    The Evil Turtle, a Patriot? Never.  is 100% partisan-always Party over country. 100%"
"  After posting this I remembered that Chinese also has non-phonetic input systems directly b "
"McLaren loads up on softs in China #F1 tyre picks:://t.co/zn4cy3etCt"
" : Masters of deception, the #Chinese Communist Party's message gets a #tech upgrade to fool a global audience into thinking"
" : Jump in the passenger, then let my lil bitch whip it "
" : Increased Chinese military activity this year has heightened fears that Beijing is tightening its control over the sea"
"Chinese noodles actually is very tasty but today it was not  "
" : Google Disallows VPN Ads Targeting Chinese Users Due To  Legal Restrictions - Latest Hacking News "
"    "
" "
" : Happy Chinese New Year  for Ale-san *+ lofter   # # https"
"Chinese Dissidents Feel Heat of Beijing Wrath. Even in Canada. - The New York Times "
"  cabbage "
" stop celebrating marvel schlock. we are literally going through one of the worst times in the film indust "
" : NEWSFLASH:  writes a daily column....and has been doing so for 21 YEARS. READ IT on : "
"'Please call me the queen of the ring': Huang Wensi, who won the Asia Female Continental Super Flyweight Championsh "
" : China: Continued Pressure on Muslim Extremism senior official in the Chinese regime toured the Muslim province and pl"
" : ( profxu291.com ) "
"#Grain #Futures Comments -USDA attache optimistic on Chinese soybean imports-No USDA sales announcements-Brazil "
"someone called yoongi chinese albino boy and i cant quit wheezing"
"Major Chinese-made web browsers are reportedly blocking 996ICU's GitHub repo: "
"McLaren loads up on softs in China F1 tyre picks "
" and i realized how you're about to make a joke on that previous statement oh no"
" :   Ano ba si Jim para pag aksayahan Ng panahon Ng gobyerno o nang Chinese?"
": Huawei is closely aligned with Beijing and required by law to quote 'support, assist, and cooperate "
"( profxu291.com )  "
" : Congressman  attended and gave his support at today's Capitol Hill event and met with #Uyghur Muslims, "
" chinese boy wearing gay flags but being homophobic groyper"
" So in that case it cost you... "
" :      Ask Chinese  in America    and vice versa. Ask how"
" You fool"
" : [Eng &amp; Chinese Sub] 190323 Mark&amp;Gun IG Live  and Enjoy na~ video://t.co/wwFuWodYQ8: Pat,,B"
"Investor Kathy Xu Rockets To 2019 Midas List Top Ten As Power Of Chinese Startups Grows "
"*Today's chinese oral expression exam*: Go ahead present yourself: "
" Hello! Nice to meet you'm a Chinese fan of the game.  I love your  paintings  are really beautifu "
"McLaren loads up on softs in China F1 tyre picks "
"Unbeknownst to me, the Chinese translation of my Nebula-nominated novelette, The Rule of Three, has already been "
"   yes, even so that was the beginning. was possible just ignore the Japanese su "
" : The way you people are running the country, we are going to default! No sound policy, bad mouthing  the west, letting chinese"
"Mula sa papugo at chinese lang ngayon baby na yieeeee"
"Affluent Chinese boy wearing Balenciaga jacket lacquered in gay flags groyper"
" : If you visit our Princess of Wales Conservatory, you might be lucky enough to see one of our resident Chinese water dragons"
" ="
" Hello! Nice to meet you'm a Chinese fan of the game.  I love your  paintings  are really beautiful "
"Ancient Chinese Experimental Music -From Yue Jing- No.1 + No.2 - ADACHI Tomomi://t.co/642qwbJF2u"
" : 20190402 Gun Twitter Update &amp; Chinese trans in pic : Pat**MarkGun_ChinaFC Original**  copy/edit/cu"
"India Operationalizes Mountain Warriors  Indo-Tibetan Border Police in Leh To Counter Chinese Build Up "
" :  Bagus kalau nak naikkan tvet tu, tapi mcmana dengan kepasan sebelum-sebelum ni? Graduan ump, unimap, unikl s"
"#TuesdaySchoolDay #NowPlaying  -  cc  #BackToSchool  #HitDriveTimeWithDuke "
" think prices will retain a firm tone...as we think Chinese #steel mill activity should start to pick up, especi "
"While Donald Trump believes that climate change is a Chinese hoax designed to hurt America, Iran's Revolutionary Gu "
"37-year old Abdullahi Adan has turned himself in to police for suspected involvement in the kidnapping of Chinese s "
"Interesting video on how the Chinese are using robots to serve customers in restaurants... "
" It sounds like sex and gender are being conflated. My Chinese girlfriend tells me that they do have "
"David McKee writes: A Chinese Game of Go: How #China Can Rise Peacefully "
" : Tingnan natin itong binubuhos ng gobyerno na lakas at panahon sa panggigipit kay , at ikumpara natin sa lakas at"
"Chinese government : STOP yulin festival! - Sign the Petition! "
"Who doesn't love Chinese food? "
" : China is reportedly leading the world in the number of #blockchain projects currently underway in the country, Chinese Engl"
"#Chinese Cinderella Story: The Story Behind Lao Gan Ma Chili Sauce "
"So it is not a question of illiteracy then. Because Chinese/Japanese letters are pictures to most people but it doe "
"Japan Intercepts 2 Chinese Long-Range Bombers, Spy Plane Over East China Sea - The Diplomat "
" : White Horse by Chinese writer Yan Ge, publ by . A tale of growing up in a modern Chinese world, conflict a"
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat?://t.co/u0Bv87wfrK#blockchain #startup "
"Chinese Immersion Day "
"Liberals want to find a traitor. Who sold secrets to the Chinese military? Who sent jobs to communist China? Who se "
"I'd say the mombasa- Nairobi HSR built by China is more of Political control in Africa like China did in their Chin "
" 'Ocon to replace Gasly from Chinese GP' "
" : Why the Tom Hiddleston Centrum ad is perfect for Chinese audiences via  - easily viewed on mobile devices"
"Both U.S. and Chinese economic data is coming in stronger than expected, which will help support this rally. "
" more chins than a chinese phone book #fatmess"
"What the perfect milk tea? Chinese sensorial preferences identified in  Kievit research #milktea"
"Chinese Style Pillow Linen Sand Invented Fresh Classical Lumbar Pillow Retro Meilan Bamboo And Chrysanthemum Cushio "
"  That Chinese thing. Kind of came, went and will be coming back around like a boomerang; an inc "
" :  China contributes most pollution; what carbon tax is China paying? How about India? The scales aren't fair ..li"
"I am now listening to  Adventure Island by Chinese Football "
"  "
"And of course, it self checkout. Why not when you have AliPay! Distinctly Chinese with lots of practical technolo "
"#US government recently reaffirmed that it would defend #Filipino forces from any attack in the #SouthChinaSea, poi "
"In 2016, the #Philippines secured an international legal ruling against #China claims to The Scarborough Shoal wh "
" :    So Adam and Eve were black, white, Indian and Chinese at the very same time?"
"Sees some pickup in growth in H2 of 2019 and into 2020 due to 'more patient' stance at Fed, other central banks and "
" : 'The Chinese regime has all along denied allegations that it murders prisoners of conscience to provide organs for its"
"Dig the well before you are thirsty. Chinese Proverb #quote"
" THROUGH HISTORY THE CHINESE HAVE PLANNED IN HUNDRED YEAR INCREMENTS. SO WHAT EVER THEY DO SHOULD COME AS NO SURPRISE !"
" amazing Gathbandhan ! They are saying it your pals in CPIM  noodles  with the Chinese ambassador ! "
"Chinese PMIs jump in March "
"For example, if you see a white person wearing a chinese dress, don't jump on them for wearing clothes outside t "
"Egyptian show-off in it's proportions. After the final whistle and medal presentation, gaseous as hell, we went out "
"   But will thsese measures stop CPEC and Chinese influence in Pak?"
" No Chinese ahhhh"
"it 9 am and i want chinese buffet"
"Brazil supports the idea from the Chinese delegation regarding education.  Brazil wants to improve and develop the "
"Chinese Porcelain Blue &amp; White Vases #trending, #interiors, Trending.. "
" : . continues strangling Biden's campaign in its crib, saying that deals struck during the Obama admin sign"
"Masters of deception, the #Chinese Communist Party's message gets a #tech upgrade to fool a global audience into th "
" : Rahul Gandhi promises Pakistan that he will only allow .303(single load) rifle to our jawans just like his great grandfat"
" : KFC's ad slogan finger-lickin' good was mistranslated into Chinese as eat your fingers off."
" : ! #"
" : "
"Major Chinese-made web browsers are reportedly blocking 996ICU's GitHub repo "
"    Check the statistics. Border crossing are at a ten year low. I eh "
"#Grain #Futures Comments -USDA attache optimistic on Chinese soybean imports-No USDA sales announcements-Brazil "
"  What are the Chinese characters for Soylent green??"
" Idk he like some weird Chinese kid"
" : 20190401 Mark&amp;Gun IG Update know the first and the last birthday wish to  from . &amp; Ch"
"   Pak WILL cease to exist in its current shape and form, who knows how much "
" : 20190331  IG Update birthday wish to  from P'Gun.  &amp; Chinese trans in pic : Ai"
"35. Returns to hotel at only midnight and a half. Gets 3 hours sleep. RETURN. *food poisoning. *5 hours "
"This is classic! Oh quick, look at something else cuz I don want to look at what I doing, knowing it isn good "
"8. Boys either want indian or pakistani or chinese. Find 'indo-pak chinese' restaurant. Buffet. Go to river "
" : The characters can be read as something along the lines of majestic peace or excellent peace. Mind you, the  also in"
". covers the story of 'Intco', a Chinese company that became the victim of intellectual property theft afte "
" : Safavieh Castle Gardens Collection Green Glazed Ceramic Chinese Dragon Garden Stool "
"LOS MARGINADOS: Chinese dissidents feel heat of Beijing wrath. E... "
"Boosie said he fina have a Chinese baby with a boosie fade lol"
"China seeks help from PH to investigate exploitation of Chinese nationals "
" : The Montego Bay Community College will begin teaching Mandarin in Sept. In Dec, the school signed an MOU w/ the Chinese Embass"
"an excuse to attack Chinese, by establishing Manchukuo. This was the beginning of Japan's invasion of China. After "
" Linguistic policy at work.  Modeling the Chinese CP"
" : The lengths to which China goes to shut down pressure on the human rights front is proof that such pressure is worth the ef"
"  Usually they launch it at a higher price in India than the Chinese pricing. I think it would be "
"BBC News - Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children's porridge Preliminary investi "
"Exactly what I tweeted this morning about #MGDriveIn. I going to avoid Chinese automobiles like plague, personall "
"POWER LUNCH HAPPINESS GROUP MEETING , April 3rd, 12:00 - 2:00 PM (come when you can, leave when you like "
" : An interview with Ai Weiwei on his just-premiered HUMAN FLOW followup THE REST, also featuring some typically unfiltered th"
"Investor Kathy Xu Rockets To 2019 Midas List Top Ten As Power Of Chinese Startups Grows "
"Safavieh Castle Gardens Collection Green Glazed Ceramic Chinese Dragon Garden Stool "
"?  "
"Sip sip "
"Urgently need Chinese resources; who can support us on technical (medical) translation as well as proofreading/qual "
" :  How to Improve Your Chinese Listening Skills : Learn Chinese with the best FREE online resources, just click he"
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat? "
"My spouse pointed out that my book matched my lounging outfit last night. Enjoying Number One Chinese Restaurant. "
"Today's good things!, it was day off today., I ate a chinese noodle that tastes Miso at ramen shop. It was real "
"as if someone has recommended a chinese takeaway in my slimming world group on facebook"
"KFC's ad slogan finger-lickin' good was mistranslated into Chinese as eat your fingers off."
" : New post The Beginning Of The End Of SWIFT: Russian Banks Join Chinese Alternative ... has been published on S ... - https:/"
" ya if i consider his speech that people arent ready for a chinese pm to be racist and disruptive to rac "
"#China may be the second biggest economy in the world but 30 million Chinese still live below the #poverline #line"
" : Chinese #hacking groups to ramp up #cyber attacks on some industries, experts say "
"####"
"Major Chinese-made web browsers are reportedly blocking 996ICU's GitHub repo "
" : a fat ass and a pretty face don make a bad bitch, a female who knows how to hold it down, handle her business, and gets"
" : Dear  , the Banaue Rice Terraces were built by Filipino indigenous people, not by the Chinese. (Screengrabbed"
"And let not forget his sons Chinese problem..#JoeBidenIsDirty "
" : maxence saying  ai ni (i love you in chinese) and  xie (thank you in chinese) so precious!!  :  #skamfra"
"Our intrepid branding and advertising guru  has been Stateside recently, creating a car advert for t "
"Diplomats and activists on Monday denounced intense Chinese lobbying, pressure and even threat "
"Brains are so weird. I haven thought about or played Chinese mahjong since undergrad, but I dreamed that I was te "
" : Chinese Communist Party's best known Uygur Muslim official arrested for graft "
"  How did Hunter Biden get a 5 billion dollar deal from the Chinese government???"
"Pilipino? Kala ko po Chinese ka kuya  I FEEL ATTACKED. "
" : And what should we make of this? With the notify friends detail, which is particularly troublesome, intrusive (akin,"
"2012,1,16 It is blue,isn it?  It is not good,is it?  You speak English,don you?  You don speak Chinese,do you?"
"Officials: Chinese kindergarten teacher allegedly poisoned 23 kids://t.co/xDakQem0iq"
"Suspect in kidnapping of Chinese student turns himself in: "
" :   Obviously Meghan Markle 3 million pound PR is behind this to make #DuchessofSussex look com"
" That a Chinese kanji reading."
"Major Chinese-made web browsers are reportedly blocking 996ICU's GitHub repo "
"(d)[] "
"Tell me and I forget.  me and I remember.  me and I understand. (Chinese Proverb)"
"://t.co/H22qDlwkpY"
" Yeah! And you! Lol                  Chinese, Japanese and English were all mixed up! Lol  Soooooo interesting!!!"
" me, getting yelled at in chinese class way back in the day: I relate"
"         "
"   Wait until he sees who makes his Chinese takeout"
"Love Scenario in Chinese. Lol that sounds weird"
" :  some chinese people get very worked up when I talk to them about this "
" :  Gua Kandu. I went in before and there was a wall full of Chinese name. Supposedly the communist hide in there. Th"
" an excuse to attack Chinese, by establishing Manchukuo. This was the beginning of Japan's invasion of Chi "
"  Ano ba si Jim para pag aksayahan Ng panahon Ng gobyerno o nang Chinese?"
" 4 ://t.co/xKLPOkoVZv"
"1.4m? After buying 2k followers over one night and 10k followers over another!  Instagram took away the Chine "
" : Forced Assimilation: Chinese authorities sinicising Muslims in #EastTurkestan by telling them it's prohibited to greet ea"
"Ling Ling Chen (Chinese model) for Elle UK June 2017 "
" "
"Chinese envoy warns against undermining sovereignty by using humanitarianism as pretext "
" : On To The Next: SportPesa Racing F1 Team Eyes Chinese GP Improvement. out more: #F1 #Spor"
"AIVD waarschuwt voor Chinese en Russische technologie . #FD #Privacy #Cybersecurity"
"Chinese Communist Party's best known Uygur Muslim official arrested for graft "
"Chinese Dissidents Feel Heat of Beijing Wrath. Even in Canada. by CATHERINE POER via NYT World #news"
" : NP #Chinese -  // #On #MusicAndTalk with  #TGIF cc "
"A Chinese acupuncturist is being credited with relieving the excruciating pain of a fellow passenger on board a fli "
""
"Major Chinese-made web browsers are reportedly blocking 996ICU's GitHub repo: "
"#Taiwanese aircraft intercept #Chinese fighters over #Taiwan Strait "
"Suspect in kidnapping of Chinese student turns himself in: "
"mens jordan 11 chinese new years 2016 "
"Chinese envoy warns against undermining sovereignty by using humanitarianism as pretext "
" Yes. I started about 1.5 months ago. All you need is a 4 year degree to get started.  you tea "
" Imagine what your sales would be if you expanded beyond Chinese borders with a global automaker partner?"
"   This Ms ShengXue is a undercovered chinese agent. She is exposed now. Why does "
"He must be the one to blame for these Chinese loans. "
" look at Chinese carbon emissions since they entered the Paris agreement...://t.co/77pfKBne4h"
"Chinese/Asian beauty expert "
"Taiwan and Japan scramble jets after Chinese incursion "
" : #NowOnAir//Chinese    //TheNextRaedShow W/ "
"On the ground level of my aunty apartment compound. There a park for little kids to play. The layout is similar "
" : Episode 79: activist  talks to our host  about credible claims #Uyghur Muslims are su"
"AFM confirmed cases to the CDC by month. Chinese studies have shown that children can be infected with the SAME ent "
"On To The Next: SportPesa Racing F1 Team Eyes Chinese GP Improvement. out more: #F1 "
""
"Full house at our New Business and Investors Forum in #Beijing with . Chinese company representat "
" :     Who is now fighting for the interest of the customers or consumers these da"
"S 2: Chao n maaa: wtf???? 2: Chao n maaa: who teach you that?? 2: Chao n maaa: We aren't Chin "
"Taiwan will forcefully expel PLA warplanes next time: Tsai Ing-wen "
"Hello all the people in the world !  can speak (japanese),(korean),(chinese),(spanish),(Italian),(russian) and "
"  I'm chinese, I like him too"
" zh d sh b l mi://t.co/t90KWY9Sh9 ##"
" : "
" ...cold chinese "
" He has no clue the other Fana is most of these journalists have never experienced being dispersed with "
" : First #TRON Role-playing game The Last Trip is ready for play! First version is Chinese version, the English version w"
" : Asian Lacquered Box, #Vintage #Laquerware Chinese, Japanese, Signed #MidCentury, Brown Mahogany Black Trinket Keepsake Stor"
" : Eggplant lovers, have I got a #recipe for you!  is a quick and easy Chinese #eggplant with garlic sauce you can m"
"  What would you like to eat? I have some left over Chinese food, you can have that if you want"
"Ek sahi soch. 004    new bike ho car ho inke horn and "
"  I think what Germany did *smart* (but Europe does so poorly) is linking it to indu "
"   In Makati, please check the Chinese restos near Valero cor Dela Rosa. T "
"I getting my Chinese food today!!"
" didn u hear about chinese new year?"
"       "
" : hey! I am looking for mutuals right now if you like one of these: (I STAN BTS,STRAYKIDS,BP,SVT)  dramas"
" : Lobo, Batangas LGU, iginiit na walang permiso mula sa kanila ang namataang Chinese dredging vessel "
" Tell M to go at lunch time.....we are ordering chinese!"
"     No. I It possible my cat is an Egyptian god, my d "
"China: Continued Pressure on Muslim Extremism senior official in the Chinese regime toured the Muslim province "
" What about Feinstein and her Chinese spy?"
"An unbaked clay statuette of physician Anthony Askew, made in London in 1770 by Chinese artist Tan Chitqua. "
" thanks!! want to try to study Chinese!"
" : As a leading institution in China and the world, Peking University is a global minded and forward thinking community that has"
"2019 Chinese Grand Prix : Selected sets per "
" I love Chinese and Italian. Noodles and pasta mmmm"
"The lengths to which China goes to shut down pressure on the human rights front is proof that such pressure is wort "
"   Congi manifesto is like PaagalRG. Minimum income guarantee without jobs. Govt jo "
" : Chinese President #XiJinping stresses importance of BRI when meeting with The Elders "
" I did and I was surprised to hear those wrestlers are no different from Chinese workers in Nigeria."
"AEX:  wat moet je ervan zeggen.-opening van maandag na iets betere Chinese cijfers en verder heel de dag b "
" : The Chinese State is running a massive influence campaign in Canada. There are growing allegations it uses intimidatio"
"Interesting tyre choices for #ChineseGP: #F1 "
"parang nct, regular english and korean version tapos may chinese pati "
" :        Our fashion boy, Chinese sister loves y"
"Stuck between chinese or korean drama, grr"
" : RONAN'S REF RAID with BENEDICT CUA (Puro CHINESE Products?!) "
" :  709# # # # ##709  # # "
"Chinese Communist Party best known Uygur Muslim official arrested for "
"The Chinese lady is angry. Like she genuinely hates me. I wrote a lovely story about going to Tokyo, and she sounds "
"Bing Translate offers six voices for Chinese: male and female each of China, Hong Kong, and Taiwan. Here is my review of these:"
" my audio pc is now deaf on the bright side i got these cool light up fans"
"Lobo, Batangas LGU, iginiit na walang permiso mula sa kanila ang namataang Chinese dredging vessel "
"Zhang Muyi fact is 1987L/1988L gatau yg bner yg mna ._.v Chinese Pop Star, composer, arranger, music coach://t.co/sGyqIbLffT"
" #chinese"
" : That  call you 100 times a day tweet was nothing but birdness."
"That damn Chinese New Year finally came #crypto #btc #vet #eth #iota"
" : Chinese GDP figures seem to be  plucked from thin air. "
" : Extra caution urged ahead of annual Tombsweeping Holiday, during which millions of Chinese travel to their ancestral home to "
" bruh im playing with a Logitech B100 and some Chinese keyboard aight"
"  Empirically they do that sort of thing all the time. For example they take Chinese atti "
"Trade war inactivity could bring  recession in recent Chinese history "
" "
" : Ahh is this new? China has always insisted that it is theirs. 9-dash line? And it will never recognize the arbitral ru"
"Russian banks join Chinese alternative to SWIFT payment system://t.co/mRtGkzoPph"
"Chinese workers na nakunang nagtatrabaho sa isang pribadong construction site, nabigyan ng special work permit kahi "
" Bible Verses for the Persecuted Church "
"iPro Realty is proud to have Karl Gu as an Associate Director of its Commercial Division. speaks Mandarin Chi "
"     Indeed we could have, but our Russian and Chinese food sna "
" a man a fish and you feed him for a day; teach a man to fish and he'll eat forever. -Chinese Proverb.. "
"Just arrived in Hong Kong for biz trip.  Checked into hotel, showered went downstairs to their Chinese restaurant. "
" : Black American Entrepreneurs: Now is the time to invest in African business opportunities.  Entrepreneurs Qui"
"Major Chinese-made web browsers are reportedly blocking 996ICU's GitHub repo "
" :  () chu sheet#HSK #HSK6 #Chinese #Mandarin #LearnChinese #LearnMandarin"
"   Some French people,  Chinese person is standing in the way., "
" Why should I take you, or them, seriously on CO2? keep posting these obvious clues to a safe, clean, "
"Chinese don't even ask for register,  when all is done they will only ask for partnership and that's how the whole "
" : Judicial Watch President  discussed Clinton email scandal &amp; her server being hacked by the Chinese in his week"
"No, sir! It China we don trust! "
"You MUST learn Chinese anyway.###"
"  &amp; Jared bestie, a suspected Chinese spy, lobbied for a tall pagoda on a hill at the DC Arboretum ( "
" When the United States government offered an education to the veterans of American service, the capitalis "
"Bill Clinton sold our rockets tech to the Chinese. They couldn get a missile off the ground before that. "
" Nope. Cold Chinese, cold curry, all good starts to the day. Haggis pizza for breakfast is the food of gods."
" : The person who says it cannot be done should not interrupt the person who is doing it. - Chinese Proverb #LeadershipFlow"
"I am now listening to  Rafting in the world by Chinese Football "
" : NP #Chinese -  // On #MusicAndTalk with  #MondayMusic cc "
" : MIKE SINGS EAH BOY FOR CHINESE YEAR OF THE SNAKE "
"mens jordan 11 chinese new years 2016 "
"i want chinese food"
" Porkistan  and using Chinese urine as a petrol and water"
"://t.co/3KUHISL8aa "
" Modernise with Italian, Chinese, and even Pakistani make Arms nd Amunition"
"Make up to $22/hr Teaching Chinese Children English - Turn that Bachelors Degree (ANY BS or BA) into... "
"     3000cr statue may be have build by Chinese but it is no "
" Chinese movie yan sya. Fall in Love at first kiss. "
" "
" I would love to see the USA get off it laurels over 5G.Chinese Huawei loves it when our people do not "
" "
" : In July, the Chinese icebreaker Xue Long 2 is to undergo ice tests in the central Arctic Ocean region. By now, the con"
"mens jordan 11 chinese new years 2016 "
"When a joke about Asians comes up I unintentionally shout CHING CHONG for no reason but being racist. We have ver "
" : The #Church of #AlmightyGod is the church of #Christ in the Age of #Kingdom, and it is also a part of Christianity. So why d"
"Did you know that some ethnicities are more likely to develop Type 2 diabetes than others? People from Black Caribb "
" : ......"
"Kids Chinese Lessons with Ms Bella Colors#OnlineChineseClassForKids #BasicChineseClass #LearnColorsInChinese "
"I hear rumors of borderlands 3 being a timed exclusive. Exclusives on PC is a shitty practice. You're restricting s "
"U.S. Orders Chinese Firm To Sell Dating App Grindr Over Blackmail Risk - ://t.co/HclT1u8tKs"
" "
" Alumn  achieved #unicorn status with $100M Series C raise. 3rd Aussie #startup to reach $1BN "
"  The retaliation is about tariffs on Chinese goods. Supply and demand is another issue "
" : Guwardya ng 1 subdivision, inaway at dinuraan ng Chinese; food court sa Alabang, exclusive lang sa Chinese | #Breaktime #DZRH"
" : Some delegates from the global South told Human Rights Watch that  Chinese diplomats had personally approached them and warned"
"   "
" why i  know nothing about this. is happy to see your . least I am like this...."
"Exciting times for our Animal Management students who have jetted off to China for a once in a lifetime experience "
"Chinese President Xi Jinping has urged civil affairs authorities to focus on poverty alleviation, special groups an "
"me getting back into dw after mxtx is me going from chinese historical fiction to fictionalised chinese history"
"When the winds of change begin to blow, some build walls and some build windmills. - Chinese proverb #auspol #trump"
" : Why would the #Chinese Communist Party regard #Christians as enemies? Why are they incompatible with people that #believe in"
"Excited to share this item from my #etsy shop: Early 20th Centres Chinese 12 -lobed &amp; enameled Yixing Zisha clay te "
" : Are you keeping up with the complex implications of the #Chinese investment landscape? Join us at the BCA Investment Confe"
" :   No it was done by Ancient Chinese themselves. Purging of Buddhism was done and celebrated "
"Chinese WoW Token: 187,053g. Changed -1,971g or -1.04% since 6h ago. "
" Chinese sales would skyrocket if they added a red shirt on Pikachu"
" It all started with a kiss.  Chinese version.  Hahahah (indi ko sure sa title pero daw amo na) "
"    Chinese (railroads) vote Hussein because he was black? "
"The facial recognition must be pretty advanced if it can tell Chinese apart. "
" : 4/28() day either 1st Album  () HOODIE (from:) FULL TEENZ FLASH"
"I've just posted on my Blog about: Patriot games: Xi Jinping's dream of Chinese World Cup begins with thousands of "
" : Chinese President #XiJinping meets with Jacinda Ardern "
"Supercell -  PV Japanese + Chinese Sub/Karaoke [/Bakemonogata... ~)~"
"*lunch in a chinese restaurant* need leave, you been here 4 hour, you eat us out of house and shrimp"
"Chinese Dissidents Feel Heat of Beijing Wrath. Even in Canada. "
" : Movie clip (5) - Why Did the Chinese Communist Party Manufacture the 5/28 Zhaoyuan Incident?://t.co/DmbSi4cPnU https:/"
" Cheap for the impressionable foreigner like you, . Kenyan taxpayers have to pay back the Chinese for "
" did you have a chinese takeout spot when you were in durham? I need one"
" : Chinese people be like  U want tupac shakur ? No lady I said 2 packs of sugar"
"Chinese officials are pledging to tighten regulation on fentanyl, a promise Xi already made to Trump at December mt "
"mens jordan 11 chinese new years 2016 "
"/g/"
" This makes me think of  dog speaks chinese and I skfhdjd"
" : Talk doesn't cook rice. ~Chinese Proverb #quote"
" : This week Product Spotlight is an incredible 2 oz coin featuring a Chinese dragon design with a natural coral insert! It featu"
"One of many reasons to revsit the foolish myth of 'ASEAN Centrality.'(dysfunctional decision-making &amp; a Chinese vet "
"New top story on Hacker News: Major Chinese-made web browsers are reportedly blocking 996ICU's GitHub repo "
"Suspect in alleged kidnapping of Chinese student turns himself in "
"The first Ikemen Vampire PV in Chinese! #'s not April fool's joke omg ://t.co/BSYh3rCKyw"
"#Antique Chinese #Silver Lock Necklace Coral Turquoise Bead #Vintage #Jewelry #Ecochic"
"Interesting thing about this is that it suggests that Apple is giving up on competing with midrange Chinese OEMs. "
"Neal Katyal, fmr Obama acting Solicitor General: 100 years from now, law students will read about this decision. I "
"  When they results are published, I hope that it is classified. The Russians and the Chinese would "
""
"I wanna Chinese v"
"Chinese zodiac art from the Primary Confucius Hub at Armadale Primary School inspired by Steven Brown. Art and Mand "
" "
"Racist indonesians treat chinese-indonesians just like racist white people treat black people. And Indonesians are "
" :  Massimo Introvigne | Part 1 : How Chinese Regime Persecutes Christians and Violence | #HumanRights "
" "
" : Ah so the OP that spotted Sehun today is actually a famous Chinese stylist with over 12 million followers on Weibo~!"
"Russian banks join Chinese alternative to SWIFT payment system   Business News "
" : Wehhhhhhhh couple sebelah aku dalam lrt ni , gf dia nak pegang tiang ni sebab xnak jatuh2, pastu bf dia tepis tgn gf dia"
"The full-scale ice trials of the new Chinese polar research vessel, Xue Long 2, are scheduled for July this year. T "
"  WH may have thought they'd have a better design in a decade or two. While the Chinese bu "
"Last year, London-based think tank Capital Economics said given the corruption problems associated with Chinese... "
"  every chinese parent ever"
"We be meeting in the Lake Superior room in the Oakland Center today! Come by between 12 and 1 to talk about Chin "
"  From a Stoke perspective in way of pottery I was thinking more on Chinese pottery giving t "
"i guess the revengers are already in the chinese poster anyway (except loki ofc cos he ded) so yea lol "
" :   Something has to be done to restor free speech on the Internet  should be prohibited fr"
" "
"Chinese kaligrafija by Sufi Shu Pui Cheung - "
" The left has almost left the political scene of India. Whatever is left is surviving on Chinese doles. "
"The distribution company  is now on our Music Tools page! They're a distribution company that give "
" One of the sophisticated advanced Chinese companies pronounced as wawei but English speaking is Hawei."
"Chinese Chicken Fried Rice  - Cooking View - "
"*gets carded at supermarket for trying to buy some paracetamol**storekeeper at Chinese supermarket scrutinises my "
"Chinese Kindergarten Teacher Poison Her 23 Students via  #China #News #latest "
" : New images of an unknown #Chinese advanced sailless submarine. The design is relatively small, about ~50m long &amp; 5.5m in"
"I think I will return. The best way to change the future is to become a part of it. And I want to become a better "
"  This article has attracted so many Chinese trolls! Most of them have made many attempt "
" Its Ok rose I just thought you were typing in Chinese."
"Crude #oil has powered higher of late on the back of supply cuts, growing confidence in the Chinese economy and a g "
"The Chinese model eliminates the chaos of Western money politics, oligarch politics and politician-centered po "
" : I witnessed this incredible launch by the Chinese entrepreneurial launch company . The wind was blowing"
""
" 1/8  V4 CHINESE    [] #RakutenIchiba "
" :  "
"Repost from promoplan_belgium Promoplan provides a translation service and Chinese-speaking Brand Ambassadors "
" : Say it in Chinese!: F ()#onedayoneword#chineselanguage#learnchinese #learnmandarin#aprenderchino#appre"
"built in chinese settings how would i reset that?"
"The article mentions that this may be goodwill gesture. But cynically this can also continue the precedence where C "
"  You mean the Chinese one with Matt Damon ? Lol"
" : Our Sponsor-a-Scholar program aims to help scholars who live in non-OCED countries by granting free memberships to HSS (w/ s"
"New Jersey attorney general critical of selling college to Chinese interests | Education Dive "
" : Chinese authorities offer rewards to those who snitch on Christians - Premier "
"Chinese duck meat producers upbeat after new low-tariff quotas from EU - Xinhua "
"  What about Chinese imperialism? Seems the west is more interested in spreading LGBT "
"Chinese taking everything even the robots  "
"*dies in chinese*"
"India activates strategic ITBP command from J-K to counter Chinese build up "
"No because cfans are mostly solo stans so winwin and Lucas are about to gain a shit ton of followers whilst the r "
"Ang HIRAP ng Chinese   medyooo..... "
"         "
"Unpopular opinion gaming edition: and Koreans are born with advance gaming sense "
"[HD]Eating Show- Casual Chinese Dining Franchise in Incheon, Korea "
"AIVD waarschuwt voor Chinese en Russische technologie "
"$AMBO Ambow Education Partners with GCQA to Establish Credit Recognition Alliance among U.S. and Chinese Colleges. "
"Liked on YouTube: Chinese Food and Cake - SH*TTY COOKING "
" :         Plz c"
"The Chinese military says 27 firefighters and 3 civilians have been killed while battling a forest fire high in the "
"Saying each word clearly is actually confusing in English. Run words together in short phrases to be more understan "
" : Chinese biker gets busted for handwritten driver licence, then claims Liuzhou police had been  with it for months htt"
"# "
"Did you know there a Chinese app that uses a points system to monitor citizens loyalty to the Communist Party?"
"A warm welcome to Chinese ocean/ environmental policy expert  from everyone at ! "
"Chinese carriers Airlines Airwill start routes from  to #Jinan and #Shanghai. "
"  people always think i Vietnamese or Chinese- i no where near Asian jsjsjs"
"Chinese police investigating early April Fools Day social media financial rumour #china "
"Xu Xin vs Fang Bo | Full Match | Chinese Warm-up for WTTTC 2018 #pintube # # "
" "
"A cryptic headline says $2 trillion could flow into Chinese stocks. "
"Suspect in alleged abduction of Chinese student in Ontario surrenders to police "
" : Xenophobia is bad it is against the grain of Ubuntu. We cannot continue holding South Africa at ransom because of the"
" : AIVD:geen Chinese ict-technologie "
" : The man ate the entire...de whole..all....100% of the brownie...about 30mins after he was looking out the window laughi"
"Les #Philippines d une protestation diplomatique sur la pr de navires de la #Chine pr de l' de "
" : Join us and  TODAY for a discussion with   "
"  "
"    "
"&amp; everything else look chinese cause you always look at the same thing "
" But at what cost?"
" : China serious about taking over the port of Mombasa. Museveni worried since that route is used to ship even military gear f"
"Chinese Food Peterson "
"   How can you say that! We do have a lot more democracy with Chinese characte "
"A Maryland Professor Saw A Culture Of Cheating. His Chinese Students Say They Were Targeted. | WAMU #cdnpse #intled"
" : Negotiators are still working out deal terms, but any agreement seems certain to involve China promise to purchase billions"
"They flipped at that (maybe I misspoke in my chinese?) and there was a pretty serious fight. Thank god Chad was the "
""
"Enemies of the firm...beware "
"Marijuana Risks and Side Effects [A Chinese Medicine Perspective] "
" Both extreme sides of the spectrum seem to love science denial. In chinese we call it Baizuo and Baiyo. We stay away from them."
"The idea that GOP traitors aid, abet and conspire with a nuclear foreign adversary sted of calling Joint Chiefs or "
" i rmb i wanted to do a 'how to pronounce nct's names in cantonese/chinese/japanese' and i didn't do it so.,,, on my checklist"
"Do you know that the Chinese Communist Party and the Komeito(SGI) are intimately related?#Fox #BreitbartNews "
"Underground ride-sharing services for Chinese speakers are thriving in North America's biggest Uber holdout "
"Kunlun Tech, Chinese Owner of Gay Dating App #Grindr Confirms Talks With U.S. Regulators via  "
"Why am I always craving a Chinese?"
" : oh ada la dengar cikgu cikgu cakap pasal cuti. mungkin sbb sekolah banyak chinese kot :/"
" Congress manifesto is not a point to be discussed  are you wasting your time sir even discussing i "
" : UT OH! hackers make Tesla drive into oncoming traffic (VIDEO)  #CNBC #Bloomberg #maga #QAnon #FoxNews "
" : Families of the Chinese Air Force soldiers who sacrificed their lives during WWII in the US have found their ancestors, who wi"
" Connections between Chinese and Western philosophy."
" : Sens. Cotton and Cornyn - Keep Chinese Govt away from 5G technology://t.co/yKoXKg7QK2"
" : Chinese President #XiJinping met with New Zealand Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern Monday in Beijing, and agreed to continuously"
" : Diplomats and activists denounce intense China lobbying, pressure and even threats to rein in criticism of Beijing at UN Human Rig"
"     A lesson in History- Kindly read about  Operation Hat "
"oh ada la dengar cikgu cikgu cakap pasal cuti. mungkin sbb sekolah banyak chinese kot :/"
"- $ 119.95 - Spyderco Lil Lum Chinese Folder C205GP - "
"  "
" If Chinese can do this to peace loving Taiwan then they can do it in any terroritary....God bless Taiwan"
"PSA: There a new building in Eastwood that houses Chinese employees. Condos around the area are also infiltrated. "
" Bro, your show on the Chinese using African labour to build construction in Africa was epic. I really "
" : Huawei, ZTE or other Chinese companies  they could introduce a software update that would add malicious functionality to the"
"  Are you sure they aren Taiwanese? These have Hanzi Chinese hieroglyphics, not Korean hangul."
"Chinese gals like me because they say I've got nice sharp eyebrows. They told me it means this man is potentially o "
"AIVD:geen Chinese ict-technologie "
"  Congi manifesto is like PaagalRG. Minimum income guarantee without jobs. Govt jobs increased which "
"wait... someone who is more expert in china explain... doesnt  mean revenge (cos avenge in chinsese is )  "
" And watch how Vietnamese Buddhist Fought and defeated American empire soldier, How Japanese Buddhist w "
" : Chinese fans of Sakura have bought 6268 copies of IZ*ONE  mini album [HEA*IZ] will support Sakura forever.#"
" : anyone who says kick-ass heroines are unrealistic has clearly never heard of Ching Shih, who commanded a fleet of 70,"
"Negotiators are still working out deal terms, but any agreement seems certain to involve China promise to purchas "
"  He ate some Chinese food and was possessed with the spirit of klock"
"The guys got pretty aggressive but I said (in Chinese!) that it ok. I may be from America but there no reason t "
" TARA CHINESE GAER NALANG TAYO??"
"Of Sun: however monkey Chinese people were, Hebrew culture nursed them onto independence"
" lol same, BUT their population is ginormous. over a billion people speak chinese as a first language! you "
" :  | ShareAmerica "
"Are you fluent in Chinese, French or Spanish?  is seeking volunteers to help translate the information materi "
"Rahul Gandhi promises Pakistan that he will only allow .303(single load) rifle to our jawans just like his great gr "
" Congi manifesto is like PaagalRG. Minimum income guarantee without jobs. Govt jobs increased which ought "
" : PH files diplomatic protest over presence of Chinese vessels near Pag-asa Island. Presidential Spokesman Salvador Panelo"
" The democrat party sounds like they are ran by the Chinese communist party we can let them impos "
" : #ChineseRoadsDev. I've just gone past Hlotse and 'Malesaoana, Leribe; Chinese are working a road to Mokhotlong. They seem t"
" : Man Utd players want to be collecting Chinese League wages at the club. Lmaoo dem wan turn the club to Guangzhou Evergrande Un"
" At least we now know that climate change is a Chinese hoax. If that's any consolation."
" : Lastly, this info graphic on #China presence in Nigeria, courtesy   Chinese companies in Nigeria. https://"
"I want Chinese rice and sauted beef but my account is telling me Girl, if you don't manage this porridge yam now.. "
"Looking forward to presenting on the suffrage activism of Indigenous, Chinese American, Hispanic, and African Ameri "
"#Philippines Des bateaux de la #Chine interdisent aux p philippins l'acc aux bancs de sable#China "
" :   The Chinese &amp; HK airports I was in recently did not show the VERY FAKE NEWS c n n Changi"
"  for foreign investors in US treasuries. Given the level of Chinese holdings in US treas "
"Chinese drama addict"
"  These days mediatek p series chips offer reliable performance and good battery life. C "
"Sens. Cotton and Cornyn - Keep Chinese Govt away from 5G technology://t.co/yKoXKg7QK2"
" I'm literally working with most Chinese customers who hardly pronounced my name...is it so hard..  "
"Forest Green Chinese Restaurant! one of the oldest and classic restaurant of Sylhet, we cook one of the best "
" :  government: Get Bear Bile Farming Banned in China "
" : WATCH: A danger driver who fishtailed round a corner before mounting a pavement and slamming into a group of tourists in S"
" : Africa's largest mosque is currently nearing completion in Algiers - WATCH: #construction #architecture"
" : Represented at the session were the Chinese Benevolent Association, Canadian Alliance of Chinese Associations, and Vancouver'"
" : People from Black Caribbean, Black African, Chinese and South Asian backgrounds are more at risk of Type 2 diabetes. Fi"
"I had a Chinese roommate who would come up to me &amp; say, ... cupcakes again for dinner?? Tsk tsk.  "
"QR codes are making for eco-friendly ancestor worship in China - #qrcode #qrcodes #retweet "
"trying to take notes for an expert interview on AI &amp; IoT in mandarin got me fking lost lmao biz chinese is like a whole new language"
"The way you people are running the country, we are going to default! No sound policy, bad mouthing  the west, letti "
"#Chinese, #Mongolian eye opportunities to enhance ties "
"Ala, eh. "
"   "
"Just found this on my yt home, and THIS IS SO GOOD?!! Regular english ver  korean ver  chinese ver yet still soun "
" : Senegal is building a $2B futuristic city miles away from Dakar as a strategy to decongest the capital holding a 3M populati"
" Not at all Chinese is good"
"#BREAKING One of four suspects in the Markham kidnapping of Chinese student Wanzhen Lu has turned himself in.  "
"That face whem MondTuesdayay  when the Chinese government spy  "
" : Chinese City Offering Rewards for Reporting 'Illegal Religious Activities,' Raising Further Concerns for House Churches |"
" :  Service #Communist government uses despicable methods to monitor and track Christians, which prove"
" Chinese, Japanese, Farsi, German, and Spanish"
"   yes"
"You nasty chinese list reading murderer"
"I feel like I in the nailshop but except with Mexicans instead of Chinese ppl "
" : Airbus Chinese Jet Order Includes A Previously Announced Deal For 10 A350 Jets Purchased By Sichuan Airlines - RS Sources"
"He is correct ,China continues stealing our technology, we need to be careful when selling it even to our allies, s "
" [Behold Our God  Chinese] "
" Yep and they give that information to the Chinese government."
"The #British Chamber of Commerce in #China sees huge opportunity for #UK #education as  partner in Chinese "
"  The Chinese &amp; HK airports I was in recently did not show the VERY FAKE NEWS c n n "
" : Recent Airbus Order For 300 Chinese Jets Bolstered By Repeat Announcements Of Dozens Of Existing Deals  RS Sources"
" :  CLASH IS NEVER COMING  RIOT IS POWERLESS AGAINST A CHINESE TECH COMPANY  MICRO TRANSACTIONS ARE ALREADY HERE  THE TRIB"
" : In an environment where conventional literature struggles to express a changing society from within the straitjackets of ce"
" : A Chinese millennial just spent $14.8 million on artwork depicting the Simpsons "
" : Detective Pikachu | Official Chinese Poster "
"[8] Narratives of mothers in diaspora: Motherhood reconstruction in Chinese transnational families unt "
" : When I posted this tweet many were sceptical but now SM is filled with Baloch Attack on Chinese Convoy and huge damage incurr"
" : The #2020Census will collect responses in 13 languages: Creole"
"me getting my package outside when my mom literally told me to stop buying those chinese boys stuff "
" : Are you looking for Chinese investors? This is THE must-attend summit for you! Register with SUPER early bird pricing for"
"These Chinese cities depend on dwindling resources. Can they survive? #diversify #China #mining"
"10k Solid Gold AA Sleeping Beauty Turquoise Chinese Cloissone | Etsy "
"ASDFFGHHJKL NOW I KNOW WHY I WANTED TO MARRY SOME CHINESE/JAPANESE/KOREAN GUY DULU. DANG IT! LIKE OOOMM "
" : The tyres chosen by each driver/team for the Chinese GP "
"nw chinese dramaaaa (when we were young) hihi."
"Yet large companies are not the only Chinese actors reshaping the continent. Thousands of hardscrabble entrepreneur "
"Chinese Firefighters Contain Forest Fire After 30 Dead"
" It's called The Corner Cafe. Yeah there are that's why I said 99%. I mean I am sure there is a Kabab "
"Chinese Govt offers financial reward for turning in Christians "
"#Chinese, #Mongolian eye opportunities to enhance ties "
" Is the Chinese Government forcing you to write this? Blink twice if they have your passport."
" I still remember when the plans for our W-88 (amongst others) warheads  were  by Chinese in "
"Your idealistic heart takes charge of ordering your priorities... More for Cancer "
"PH files diplomatic protest over presence of Chinese vessels near Pag-asa Island. Presidential Spokesman Salvador P "
" : Our thoughts and deepest sympathies are with the families, friends and colleagues of the 30 Chinese firefighters killed"
"California is a model of For Leftist Shitholes covered in human feces &amp; used heroin needles with violent illegal al "
"5 factors driving the Chinese lawtech boom #china #technology #lawyers #courts #law #AI "
" Send pizza or Chinese to the house around dinner time"
"be continued, first it is thought that the learning of the classical Chinese book was impossible if it is not a millionaire."
" Ettar miltay hain wahan"
" : Lonely Planet under fire for saying Chinese built Banaue Rice Terraces "
"  Yes, it was part of the deal.  Tech transfer also the MO China used for many industries to g "
" : It a repost because there was a mistake in the previous Chinese message, our external communications team fixed it. We"
" : Chinese automaker BYD introduces 40 12-meter electric buses in Hyderabad, India. Join us for a ride "
"Ancient Chinese, Indians, Egyptians, Greeks, and Romans used Essential Oils in cosmetics, perfumes and drugs."
"w the chinese poster has pretty nice composition with all the dead people standing there as silhouettes"
" : Recibe alegremente al regreso del Salvador | Teatro musical Toda naci adora al Dios pr #DiosTodopoderoso #Mu"
"Personal opinion about the ancient Korean Peninsula: is thought that the woman who was able to read and write a "
"Plenty of drivers have gone different ways in their tyre choices for #ChineseGP including teammates at Mercedes, Fe "
"#icymi The second largest economy in the world has been struggling with a slowing economy and Beijing has now taken "
" Congi manifesto is madder than PaagalRG. Minimum income is guaranteed without defining jobs. Govt jobs are in "
"Real Name: Im Jin Ah () |Name: Nana () |Chinese name:  |Position: Sub Vocalist AfterSchool |Birth Date: 14 "
"Hi pandas.  to save a life. ://t.co/X00gkuBNoW : it's chinese subs so maybe pray some kind souls will c "
" : In her 2008 European debut at the Klavier-Festival Ruhr, Chinese pianist Ran Jia performed a pure Schubert program. She"
" I got into an argument with my brother because i told him to smoke less and he would have more mone "
" "
" : Emayu "
"   No I mean, the things they write. Since I don't speak Chinese, when I see the "
"Where is the coverage of this? Why are the MSM so deathly silent on Chinese human rights violations? "
" !!!! What is that?!"
" : Sports make life easier in China: Soccer helps build friendships, bridge cultural gaps between Chinese and international stude"
"  which theater? bc same went for mine TCL Chinese Theater in Hollywood. Had to go with "
" : Shehuo mask-making, a traditional handicraft skill, was taught by an inheritor of Shehuo masks at Shandong Art Museum in Ji"
"ano ta chinese ang ano kani kasuya"
"Duel citizen with Israel, Chinese spy driver.. Israel has a wall, Feinstein won't fund one for us. Subversive eleme "
"    Congi manifesto is madder than PaagalRG. Minimum income is guaranteed "
" : Chinese  #battery firm CATL commits to build 14GWh plant in  with plans to expand capacity to 60GWh by 2026. #EV #Lith"
"  Yeah I haven made a big deal out of $vet being on this list because it isn if it w "
" Thanks a lot! Always interested to understand the subtlety in the language.  in Chinese is a bit more "
"Tens China-Taiwan China entrou com 2 ca sobre o espa a de Taiwan e eles prometeram rea na pr v "
" : A rogue supercomputer, Chinese tech spies, a sexy robot &amp; her ukulele. Can he be falling in love with a machine? #Free #K"
"  Actually, when it comes to climate change Canadians are the worlds highest green house gas "
" : Latest for  - China's state media has been actively publicizing top #CCP officials' trips to #Xinjiang. Alon"
"       "
""
" : To be fair I also neglected to mention the Caixin journalists who are far more daring, dogged, resourceful &amp; superior investig"
"Chinese boats deny Filipino fishermen access to sandbars  "
"  Congi manifesto is madder than PaagalRG. Minimum income is guaranteed without defining job "
" I only seen clips for the Chinese male ones. I heard ppl enjoy the Chinese one a lil more just cuz kor "
"Potentially, Chinese missile launching containers could be stored near the Port of Seattle, waiting for the day th "
"Chinese scam call centre busted in Chalong #Phuket : "
"If this capability is confirmed, it will require a completely new screening regime for all PRC flagged commercial "
"Navy Capt. Jim Fanell, a former Fleet intelligence chief, said a containerized YJ-18 anti-ship cruise missile would "
"The YJ-18C container missile also is being developed as China is engaged in a major global program called the Belt "
"Baloch rebels attacks Chinese engineers convoy  Several Chinese Engineers Killed, Chinese consulate in Karachi als "
"MEET THE TEAM!  Spiders Snack: Crumpets  Spiders Drink: Sweet "
" : If there is light in the soul; There will be beauty in the person. - Chinese Prover"
"Suspect in kidnapping of Chinese student turns himself in "
""
" :  the chinese culture failure is not an issue, it perfectly ok to try multiple things until one works #acceleratedinnov"
" :  Malema means what he means, South Africans have a hate against their own (black Africans). It was a colonialist"
" I'm a Chinese"
"When I posted this tweet many were sceptical but now SM is filled with Baloch Attack on Chinese Convoy and huge dam "
" : /Douyin was showing 1 Million videos per day at the end of the firts year, and a big part of the growth is due to chin"
"The message was sent and I'm crying laughing in the parking garage. I get to the elevator and this woman sees me in "
"   chinese beat them by 7 centuries and Japanese beat them by 5 1/2 centu "
" : Chinese electric vehicle makers are gorging on #nickel "
"A sign in the Shenzhen MTR of things you aren't supposed to do. Unfortunately, I have seen most of the bottom 8 vio "
" : Ramped-up Chinese presence near Titu Island / Pag Asa causing concern in the Philippines. Resupplies for nearby Sierra Madre"
" : Chinese Proverb: troubles are few, dreams are few.                  #Chinese #Proverbs Quotes"
" : Why are we providing jobs for d Chinese? Jobs that could have been given to better skilled, hardworking Pinoys? Are we u"
" Taiwan belongs to China and we foreign English Europeans Americans out, out of Foreigners, of land, Chinese"
"ffs...it cost us 27 mln$ to gift the Port of Darwin to the Chinese ... aren't ppl being charged with the obviou "
"Detective Pikachu | Official Chinese Poster "
"oh for fucks sake my email accounts still hacked even tho i changed the password i keep getting all these error mes "
"...and extend them to others like Native Americans, Chinese Americans, and naturalized foreign-born citizens. Amend "
" : Electrifying Chinese pianist  is described by Paavo J as  of the most outstanding and passionate pianistic ta"
"   Get informed, you are a cancer to this country if you don't. "
"Anyway I was surprised to find so many young Chinese dancing to western music, drinking western alcohol. Some of my "
" significant development will eliminate Chinese drug traffickers ability to alter fentanyl compounds to get a "
"The purchase consideration of Independent News &amp; Media South Africa (INMSA) was funded by a Chinese investor, inves "
"     If there are lots of Chinese restaurants, how do yo "
"#ScuderiaFans #ForzaFerrari://t.co/v3fsKjk3tH"
" : The Chinese Clubs to Arnautovic "
" :  Freakism I am NOT allow. Please choose lovely Chinese womans invite for bubble pot tea for excellent Chine"
" I have a few more details on story number 3. It was about 2,000 LBs of Chinese soup, aka Won Ton."
"Heroic Chinese firefighters who died fighting forest fires! Always remember "
" : is there such a thing as a type designer in Chicago who designs for either Chinese, Arabic, or Burmese languages? I need to ta"
" : We're looking actress for our Graduation Film! one who interested in acting kindly send your resume to the email below:"
" : Next-generation batteries? A Chinese research team has developed a new calcium-ion based energy storage device "
" itu film apaaaa? chinese?"
" Okay..Tin man.. Work on your computer ASAP. world is changing day and night . By the time you learn it w "
" : A Chinese city is offering cash incentives to informants on illegal religious groups "
" I thought qilin were Chinese??? There was that thing with the giraffe which I find endlessly amusing bec "
" Thanks! The pinwheel is based off of a Chinese comic about sqx. Yun posted it somewhere but now I can't find it again :("
"i have a Chinese prof and english is her second language and today she pronounced chipotle like chip-olay and two g "
"Umalis na ba ang China sa Spratlys dahil nabunyag na ang sex vid ni Jim Paredes? na bang Chinese construction "
" : China will expand opening-up in fields such as int'l shipping, tourism and professional services in #Hainan as the southern Ch"
"The tyres chosen by each driver/team for the Chinese GP "
" : #MeTooUyghur#MenmuUyghur father Abduqadir Jalalidin and My mother Jemile Saqi were taken since January 2018. Both of th"
" Captain back to Thailand .04.2019 Departure Time 5.25 PM. Pudong Airport T2   fans  to meet captain "
"took a walk ard my neighbourhood and i saw some chinese aunties and uncles dancing to a malay song. aw"
" : 190401 &lt; Look Back At It &gt; # #parkwoojin video (in chinese as well) by Warner Music Taiwan!  "
"  Tofu isn fried. And no, I don think awara originated from the Chinese. Tofu origina "
" : Use XRP and USDC to bypass Chinese capital controls? That won't end well.  "
"Chinese Rocks - Johnny Thunders &amp; The Heartbreakers (Live) "
"Keje la hotel bab banquet kau akan nmpak bodohnya orang malaysia mostly melayu yang minum chinese tea minta gula ak "
" :  Absolutely not. This is an infrastructure project that is 1) half the price of the Chinese. Do you ever ask y"
" : 190402 LeeWoo dubt album interview - HAEBIN Part and ENGLISH Versions 100% accurate# # ##Gu9udan"
" : The Chinese government will add fentanyl-related substances to their list of controlled drugs from May 1, in a move aimed at curta"
"============== nadin_xiaojing   PRINCES SURABAYA EXPO CEK BIO INFO RR DM CHINESE PANLOK "
"was waiting for my food, suddenly this friendly Chinese uncle, who also waiting for his food, came to me and told t "
" : Chinese kindergarten teacher detained after allegedly poisoning 23 children  "
"     Ask Chinese  in America    and vice versa. "
"Are Pak Turkey and Saudi Arabia sitting on fences to switch sides from Western block to Russian Chinese sides? Are "
" It's U people,.. she's referring to.chinese &amp; Porkis,..enemy within."
""
" : A wise man makes his own decisions but an ignorant man follows the public opinion. - Chinese Prover"
"You put the same black business next to a Chinese business in a black neighborhood the black business will go out b "
"Police in Montego Bay says they'll be working to protect the interest of Chinese businesses in the city. "
" :   !  #radiru #nhkr2"
" : Those that were evacuated were all welfare rolled families!No skill,no education,no money that what was sent to America"
"  Similar in my family (Chinese/Vietnamese) where culturally small dainty features are "
" : From the Chinese gov recent white paper, the three types of people sent to internment camps.. ... people who participat"
" : In India smaller towns, young people are signing up for Chinese live-streaming app Bigo Live in the hopes of becoming"
" :  has a voice in this issue. It should try to reach a resolution by raising this and making sure the Chinese go"
" Oh is he a chinese? Cause if its yes then we're so match to each other. We're both foreigner. "
" How long before the Chinese invasion of Taiwan...."
"Another $38,000,000, Sotheby's Chinese N. Song Dynasty Ru Ware FRAUD The Truth And The Proof "
"#sex #free Little Chinese girl gets her tiny tits sucked (2:38) Asian - "
"Come on in the Bargain Basement for up to 65% off metal beads &amp; findings, silver, Chinese Crystal, seed beads and m "
"Interesting choices for #ChineseGP as most of the teammates have different number of compounds available - looks li "
"China tells Palace to strictly screen Chinese aliens "
" Actually no one knows wtf that means bcs in all chinese platform and news regular is their debut so "
" : Have to disagree. Some people don't like to eat real Chinese food like Sea Cucumber. That doesn't mean the flavor the the Sea"
"Authenticating Chinese ancient and archaic jade carvings "
" : The median enterprise value for Chinese internet and tech takeovers was 31 times Ebitda, twice as high as for other industries"
"This might sound so mean but if RE actually wrote that letter, I feel her penmanship in chinese is 10x nicer than e "
" :  T O M O R R O W /04/03 at  NIGHT -MELODIC 3MAN NIGHT-/Stellarleap Hoodie/19:00 ST"
"         "
"  Americans only, please reply you want to see Chinese military action in your country to t "
" "
" :  Chinese government will provide disincentives for people that buy #gasoline &amp; #diesel vehicles and incentives for peop"
"     My prof pic says that we are going to avenge an hon "
" :  Registers under new  #BlockchainRegulations  "
"  redmi note 7 Chinese version and redmi note 7 Pro Indian version kum camera comparison pannunge bro"
"One the best analysis I have read so far on Chinese Economy...A Chinese private equity titan says China's economic "
"HiPOD 2019-04-02:  (Ganges Chasma): ESP_046315_1715: 13 June 2016 : 267 km/ "
"BUT why is it that I rarely saw this towards the Chinese members?? Just the English speakers, etc."
" Mandarin or Cantonese  dude there is no language called Chinese"
" : Chinese President #XiJinping met with his #Argentine counterpart  in Buenos Aires Sunday, and the two leaders ag"
"     But that the whole point. No conversation goes t "
" : An insightful piece from  on  Chinese entrepreneurial migrants in Ghana: socioeconomic impacts and G"
" "
" : The Implications of Chinese Warships making its moves on the Senkaku Islands (2017): "
" FTC-2000  PLAAF Chinese air force "
" : If released in Malaysia or China confirm it's Pixel 3A because 4 means mati in Chinese. Pantang dengan number 4 "
" : Chinese military arrive in Venezuela with 65 tons of 'humanitarian supplies' "
" : Let me ask all my fellow students from 30 years ago who were protesting to free Tibet... oops, sorry they can talk now be"
"  Can we please start talking about real news like this rather than a Joe Biden SETUP! hap "
" :  the application for designation of Azhar was proposed, China is in close communication and coordination with various p"
"wondered where he fucked off to the dirty fucker "
" The Chinese takeout breakfast is a rare delicacy that only the frequent flyer can appreciate"
" : Chinese fans can buy and download your new songs on music platform in China for only 2RMB. #KristPerawat "
"It's rude and ignorant, like calling all people of Asian descent Chinese. telling US citizens, Canadians, Bri "
"  !  #radiru #nhkr2"
" : The #NFL has named Chinese pop star #KrisWu the official #SuperBowl 52 ambassador for China. The 27-year-old also performe"
"Thai Korean Spanish Italian!!! And uh ASL would be fun ig i just improve my chinese and japanese on my own "
" : #HealthCare #JAM - Chinese medical team sets sights on 500 eye surgeries | ://t.co/9kKGfvC9Ws"
" : Models from China and other countries present wedding dresses that feature Chinese cultural traditions in Fuzhou City, Fuji"
" it bc I ddnt learn chinese"
"haha, that's what we did in chinese class today "
"Drama musical cristiano | Toda naci adora a Dios Todopoderoso (Espa Latino) | Evangelio del Descenso del Reino "
" : Scientists from the Chinese Academy of Sciences and #Peking discovered the critical role of CBX4 in counteracting cellular agi"
"Chinese Melody KTV - There Is Only You In My Heart (see description) "
" hirap mag-expain. I-judge niyo nalang ako.  Chinese prover"
" : #China NBS Manufacturing PMI 1M Change Chinese New Year is in February the NBS mfg PMI generally jumps in March. This yea"
"  "
" : Christianity is exploding across China despite the government's efforts to suppress.  "
" :  Do you ever say white-on-white crime or Chinese-on-Chinese crime? Nope. The phrase Black-on-Black crime reinf"
" : mashup mv of the korean, english and chinese version of regular "
"  Neither country has existed in is current form over the last 3-4 thousand years. Both the r "
"  Finally no more Chinese instant shit"
" :  In Korea the main writing system is a native alphabet called Hangul. Though there is an old way of writing Kore"
" : Experts say the smear campaign against Sheng Xue bears the markings of a coordinated attack by the Chinese Communist Party. I"
"     How about keeping Chinese spies away from Feinstein?"
"Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning of 23 kindergarteners - CBS News "
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat?://t.co/YMSTlhdKWy"
"Christianity is exploding across China despite the government's efforts to suppress.  "
"In Chinese nightclubs, there is no dance floor. I think this comes from the communal culture, which westerners woul "
"  Chinese kung fu"
" My understanding is that Koreans will sometimes write a Chinese loan-word in  (the Korean word "
"  "
"Namimiss ko na ang mga chinese movies/series "
"  Just getting started on passing all of your personal information to the Chinese government "
"  Yo xrp dog, take it easy  ... im Here so that new comers have a chance at not getting suckere "
"I seen real chinese people and ate real chinese food. #chinatown #chinatowndope...   Chinatown, Sa "
" : Millions of #Uyghurs are in #concentrationcamps ,kids are separated from their families. #Chinese government stop #Ethni"
" : #Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen has ordered a  expulsion of #PLA warplanes next time they cross the  li"
"  Yes chinese people are good at business but ones who are communist and born from the mai "
"Here's a picture with the Chinese Ambassador to Jamaica, Tian Qi, with officials from the Montego Bay Community Col "
" Chinese subs. Wait ah"
" Why the silence,surely you can keep investors informed of developments,after all you did suspend trading "
" : I'm doing roadshows to all cities in Indonesia to campaign #SaveUyghur   #MeTooUyghur  I'll meet with CEO Indones"
"  "
" : #Philippines Files Diplomatic Protest over #Chinese Ships in #SouthChinaSea . presidential spokesman said 275 ships hav"
"I bet the Chinese says  a dumbass  you really still watching "
" : Chinese Ambassador Zhao Jianhua labels as a fabrication the complaint filed by former Foreign Affairs Sec. Albert del Rosa"
"(VIDEO)Terharu Wei, Jiran-Jiran Chinese Aku Datang Rumah Tolong Kemas Lepas Habis Kenduri Doa Selamat "
" : None of what Team Trump did was normal. It's not ok that Kushner sought to set up a backchannel phone line within the R"
" : Both Houses of Congress are silent...to be interpreted as assent to this Chinese invasion that seems to violate many Phili"
"While #Washington is intermediating to put a quasi-end to the Pakistan-India conflict, it is risky to bet that New "
" GWAPAA and buotan  2.5  hii im actually glad na we became classmates in Chinese this sy! Kay i go "
"Chinese MingEr will always stand behind you baby Saint  # "
"Me in vacation: nood lng ng movie. Dami kong iyak Love - April 2, 2019 9:00 Chinese Drama. "
"HAHAHAHAHAH PAREPAREHO PALA NASA UTAK NG MGA CHINESE HAHAHAA HI LAY ZHANG! I REMEMBERED YOU  "
" : A great fortune depends on luck, a small one on diligence. - Chinese Proverb #quote"
" : A famous Chinese stylist (12 million followers) spotted Sehun today in a restaurant in Seoul. Maybe it's time for anothe"
"Well she pretty much did, multiple times and with Mult. Countries!!! Lets ask her under oath about her Chinese conn "
" : #AUTO - The cover story for the first edition of AUTO in 2019 is given over to the 1000th Grand Prix in the history of the FIA F o"
"   Since the dems are wanting to investigate security clearances overridden by POT "
"He took us to a #Chinese nightclub. Yes you heard that right, China has nightclubs! I thought it would be a western "
" : Want to know more about Chinese liquors and drinking culture? Follow us to know!"
" stung is not a big deal. I been stung a few times and nothing happened, one owner told police. "
"north China's Shanxi Province will Chinese Christians"
" I used it at an Airbnb stay to change the TV language to English where the host originally had it set "
" : This is a clear cut proof of Foreign Interference in Indian Elections  - 11,000 Facebook ads- Worth  7.7 crore rupee"
"Chinese Salted Chicken#foodie #foodblogger #foodblog #foodgasm #foodpassion #kitchenlover #foodphotography "
"Security Clearance, Chicago, Nipsey Hussle: Your Tuesday "
"  With Chinese ECONOMIC Dominance, Pakistan is getting into Political/Social/Cultural invasion !"
"I'd figure shin bones would be similar to ribs from my local Chinese restaurant."
" : Gro und Lagerfeuer-Intimit. Das sind Geist und Seele der Band YOUNG CHINESE DOGS. Mit ihrem letzten Album "
" :  best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now,  Chinese #Proverb. few wrong choices ma"
"UPDATE 4-Don't discriminate against our firms, China's Xi tells New Zealand Xi Jinping called upon New Z "
" : Don't miss 'Chinese Debt-Trap Diplomacy: The Rise (and Fall) of a Meme' "
" :  "
" Go off, king = a common saying on Twitter to go off on a subject, pronounced similar to Ching "
"Chinese Purchase Officer and Filipino Accountant Very Urgent Requirement : free Jobscope of work : Purchase Manager "
"    are Chinese not foreign nationals ? "
"Chinese Boxer Trounces Stereotypes, Depression to Become  of the "
"Chinese Boxer Trounces Stereotypes, Depression to Become  of the "
""
"$XPD - big moves on F all volume. Reeks of an unsustainable trend. I would take a look at the company fina "
"Nakakahiya naman talaga sa mga Chinese!!! Mygahddd.. "
"I explaining to my Chinese friend what reality tv is. I sorta hurt she never heard of real housewives. She wa "
"Every chinese person ever: "
"CHINESE GOVERNEMENT. GUANG THUANG.GOVERNOR MR CHEN WU.: ((World dogshow 2019 "
"Trying to get the ratio right between tweets that are and aren't plugs to my Comedy Festival show (Bone Dry, 7pm at "
"The 2nd #BeltandRoad Forum is less than a month away. It will focus on people-to-people connectivity, signing more "
" Actually as a Chinese I believe on god sake~ "
"  reflect relative competitiveness. You can produce with generator and go to the export "
"  It is Chinese policy. Short of becoming a Chinese citizen and causing a fuss come an elec "
"Chinese kindergarten teacher detained after allegedly poisoning 23 children://t.co/RzydKKJ0nO"
"   Levi S. Gibbs is Assistant Professor of Asian and Middle Eastern Languages "
" This cover is beautiful, but where are the Chinese women?"
"  "
""
"Chinese Jump Rope challenges students fitness, focus on jumping for height and jumping in patterns. #jumpandland "
" Bout to drop out and marry some random old Chinese man tbh"
" : I decided to heat up my Chinese food leftovers in the oven and accidentally burned them. So, don tell me that I don kn"
" : All of which the Chinese purged brutally later "
" : Leland Miller, CEO China Beige Book Int'l, to speak at Financial Markets &amp; the Economy Event,April 11, 2019 at "
"another win for shy nation i didn't stutter today while talking in chinese to random strangers coming in"
" : #FactCheck per National plank society (French) &amp; Chinese Academy of science (Private Research &amp; survey firms)."
" : Chinese singer #ZhangYixing  won a defamation case in Beijing on Tuesday. The defendant, surnamed Yang, must"
"  That, what China is good at, is hiding it's failures. What it is successful at, is doing "
" : Late last month Chinese startup Linkspace successfully completed its first hop test of their vertical takeoff, vertical"
"Note. character is Matsubase Expression"
" Christian films have been popular for years while H-wood panders to Chinese markets and a liberal audience. Ch "
"     23    ,       ,         "
"190402 LeeWoo dubt album interview - HAEBIN Part and ENGLISH Versions 100% accurate# # # "
"Palace tells Chinese vessels in Pag-asa Island: Leave now://t.co/YJEkgHmhrL "
"Maud Lewis exhibit at Chinese art museums is back on again, N.S. says://t.co/DmcmvE3T9u"
" So the Chinese characters for  are  and the Hangul for Korea are . I imagine you way m "
" "
"VIDEO: Horror footage shows  racer plough car into Chinese tourists in St Andrews://t.co/pQEg4HSoXJ"
" : It is best that Xingjiang remains under the Chinese boot heel, I don't dispute that "
" : My reading of  incursions into the Indian Himalaya., what happens when a multispecies ethnographer tries her ha"
" : India activates strategic ITBP command from J-K to counter Chinese build up ://t.co/iegSBwnOvM "
" :  The Clinton's have been selling us out to the Chinese for over 30 years."
"More than 20,000 children injected with expired vaccines in Chinese county, protesting parents say "
" when your Chinese mom says you got sick from drinking too much cold water"
" : As  explored on his recent trips to china and explained to me, with the Internet+ and Internet of Life strategies,"
"Millions of #Uyghurs are in #concentrationcamps ,kids are separated from their families. #Chinese government stop "
"   lol if it were me i would be overly familiar and asking the next family with a ba "
"Helens is like a student bar for foreigners, though I noticed some Chinese there too. Oh and apparently nobody got "
"If you want to connect with people, you start with their needs, not your own. Start with their hurts, not your own. "
" Never too early for Chinese food, in my experience. And I have tried to have a lot of experiences."
"the Chinese Republic considers within its laws the death penalty for drug trafficking, but negotiates with the Vene "
" Do you think there might also be differences in usage for hk/china chinese vs south east asian chinese "
"Food + Ancient Chinese + Jumin/MC look alike =  "
" : Nightmare on Elm Street but instead of a dream demon its just all the Chinese food I've eaten bursting out of my stomach whil"
"://t.co/s993lwUp9v# #://t.co/EWU287Xom4"
"Guided Therapeutics Receives $2.5 Million Purchase Order from Chinese Partner Shandong Medical Device Technology Com "
" : Pushing back against Chinese revisionism in the South China Sea will require an international effort that Washington is"
" : Talked to a Bruneian chinese about the Hudud Law on LGBT - stoning to death. And he said actually, it isn't easy to impleme"
" : [ #CHINA #TRENDS ] #SNCF a lanc une cha officielle #WeChat pour guider les touristes chinois dans 18 gares  travers"
"Indonesian navy fires shots, seizes Chinese fishing boat near disputed South China Sea "
"7. Well, since may halo akong Chinese, I would pick Chinese."
" Children of Chinese + Pakistani parents = Chipak  WTF is Chipak kids??"
"         Only!Chi "
"Chinese Boxer Trounces Stereotypes, Depression to Become  of the "
" Linghe source is Chinese classical books"
"hmm, the chinese boy was from boy story but tzuyu declined his underage ass. the korean(jyp) is changbin but tzuyu "
"  Chinese super league &gt; ligue 1"
" i can't speak Chinese at all but it seems like you know English a little bit, so we can be friends! "
" just pray to Chinese gym goddess  Cheng Fei and she'll bless you "
" : Reports of a large armada of #Chinese boats surrounding a #Philippine-occupied island in the #SouthChinaSea has renewe"
" : Home grown Chinese reactors gaining traction as domestic #nuclear revival looks promising. #rea"
"Meet China's Middle Class Millionaires! - How Many Chinese Have A Million Cash? Far more than you think!! Check out "
"ano sports mo nung elem  basketball, jackstone, gonggi chot GAHAHAHAH pero yeah tapos 10 20 tapos chinese garter "
" risk-on tone drives global stocks up, strong Chinese data help. ACB NEWS 02.04.2019 market news "
" : Philippines says 200 Chinese ships have been sighted off disputed South China Sea island since January "
" : #BREAKING A man suspected of kidnapping a Chinese national in the Toronto area has turned himself into police. #news #update #"
"See Beautiful #Chinese Archaic #Jade and Animal Carvings at       "
" Chinese government promises cannot be trusted, its laws were not intended to be implemented, and that nothin "
"China marriage rate has been falling for five years in a row, as younger Chinese fret about salaries, housing and "
"Japanese Accents and Tonal Values of Chinese Characters in Nihon-Shoki "
"twinkle twinkle little star chinese version is the superior version of the song"
" : chinese artist's incredible 3D Art courtesy  "
" : Manufactured Monday - Chinese Data Turns Back Up, Markets Rise With It $SPY #China #RetailSales   -- https:"
".  &amp;  will join hands with Stanley Tong yet again after their combo in the Indo-Chinese ac "
"#BREAKING A man suspected of kidnapping a Chinese national in the Toronto area has turned himself into police. "
""
"#BREAKING A man suspected of kidnapping a Chinese national in the Toronto area has turned himself into police. "
"097"
"Philippines protests in light of Chinese vessels in disputed waters "
" :   Think about it, our window of opportunity will begin closing as soon as CPEC starts taki"
"anyway it's spring break and i should go back to sleep but before i say that i hope amc, fandango, and marvel choke "
" :  [] ://t.c"
" : Chinese twins share same driver license for 20 years finally get caught!  ://t.co/Mvsq6KxcaG"
"Pray somebody!!! "
"Executive, Marketing Communications "
" :   Here the intel report: Padrino loyalty has high price. Most of the FANB are Chavista"
"Chinese Qing &amp; Ming Dynasties Comparable Masterpieces: "
"Chinese gov't should you go to hell you're way too homophobic, am I right?"
"Any comments para pengguna facebook? "
"Juskooo bakit andami ng chinese dito sa street namin,  napapasabak ako sa sign language myghaaad"
" We should be worrying more about the Jobs for the 18+ and less about the outer space ...  Also if the "
" "
"Hey  New York Twitter, my friend is in your city for the a couple of weeks and he wants to know where he can play s "
"    It is the attitude Sir - Attitude of the people in power then &amp; "
"Meet China's Middle Class Millionaires! - Let's Ask Just How Many Chinese Actually Have A Million Cash?  Far more t "
"Chinese kindergarten teacher detained after allegedly poisoning 23 children  "
" : Chinese tech giant Tencent plans $5 billion dollar bond sale: sources "
"  I also can't help but wonder how worried Mark is of Chinese variants of Facebook, which are "
"Neocons are getting increasingly nervous about Russian and Chinese power emergence "
" best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now,  Chinese #Proverb. few wrong choi "
" Not being in a political construct doesn't stop people trading. You buy from China but you (presumably) "
"Chinese mark and period porcelains are in high demand of earlier periods have been used throughout almost th "
"$SPX I hearing even the money managers in China don believe economic datas from chinese gov "
" : #BREAKING news: Suspect in kidnapping of Chinese student turns himself in  "
"Chinese"
"U.S. commercial space efforts are being undercut by aggressive Chinese plans. "
"Chinese tech giant Tencent quietly tests game streaming platform "
"        SWIFT -  Business News "
"*ONE () - Violeta( )  [Chinese Sub] "
" can understand how German telecom providers are so naive about Huawei, a senior German security official told "
" : Iemand uit Brussel die een Chinese taal spreekt en enkele vragen kan beantwoorden i.v.m. een taak? Dm me!"
" : He found that the script only appears when he was using a Chinese phone, connected to the internet using an old Smart SIM card"
" : ICYMI: Canada needs increased pipeline capacity to fuel overseas demand for our oil and gas products. #TMX #bcpoli #CrudeOi"
"Philippines says 200 Chinese ships have been sighted off disputed South China Sea island since January "
"Japan Intercepts 2 Chinese Long-Range Bombers, Spy Plane Over East China Sea  "
"The Department of National Defense assures the public that it would continue to monitor the West Philippine Sea aft "
" being ethnically Chinese born/living in America +what that means, how POC, particularly Asian America "
" :  ASMR      Ear Licking, Ear Eating Cosplay HD  Chinese ASMR TV #ASMR "
"The Montego Bay Community College will begin teaching Mandarin in Sept. In Dec, the school signed an MOU w/ the Chi "
" : A small but crazy story I couldn pass up - a NY federal court found a Chinese construction company effectively used slave"
" "
" : The drug industry, with Hillary Clinton, and the rest of the Clinton Foundation -To-Play network have arranged FAR"
""
"Spectacular Masterpiece Chinese Song Dynasty. Imperial official Guan Vase see at "
" could be done to any modern car even with the driver present!!!! hackers make Tesla drive into onco "
"And the Chinese know (oh whey oh) they walk the line like Egyptian"
"...and Dianne F. had a Chinese SPY driver for twenty plus years? "
"My neighborhood Chinese restaurant in Yangon is promoting their robotic sliced noodles. Quirky. "
"Rendon #Daily is up "
"Him: hindi kita maintindihan: Bakit? Tagalog naman sinabi ko ano ba gusto mo chinese? Japanese? Korean?"
"()"
" : Torture chair. Wood with 12 steel blades, Chinese, 18th-19th century "
" The chinese army will really struggle to 'recapture' that part of 'their' country, as they will need to get visas first."
" : #KMItHurts Wag Na Nating Palakin ang Isyo about Sa Mga Chinese. Magtiwala Po Tayo sa Ating Pangulo.. Dahil Alam ko Sa Ik"
" : No.18 from our #1978Top30 list#WarrenZevon #livemusic of London://t.co/FwqiQrGEmH#music #70smusic sa"
" i went to site name to investigate more bear pictures but now all my information is gone and the chinese "
" : MOBILE PHONE PAYMENTS BY CHINESE CONSUMERS:: 2 billion: 57 billion (People Bank of China per )"
" :  history of Chinese characters is two or three thousand years. These were the concepts that people took for granted a"
"Eto yung example ng mga taong masarap ilagay sa Frontlines kapag nag giyera pinas at china. Wake up. Walang wala ta "
"Massive Kritik CHINA-Politik des Papstes:  bedenklichen Abkommens mit chines. F:  BISCH "
" : The Chinese #vanadium #V2O5 price peaked at US$33.9/lb. in Nov. 2018. A month ago it was at US$17.6/lb. Today it sits at"
"Been in the games industry for over 10 years - started out working for an MMO company back in 2007 bringing Chinese "
"Le ch de Cadillac-en-Fronsadais, un ch historique li au premier baron de Cadillac, a  vendu  un inve "
"Easily translate text, words and sentences from Vietnamese to Chinese and from Chinese to Vietnamese language."
"Chinese manufacturing is back in expansionary territory, but the uptick could be partly driven by seasonal effects. "
"Chinese manufacturing is back in expansionary territory, but the uptick could be partly driven by seasonal effects. "
"Chinese manufacturing is back in expansionary territory, but the uptick could be partly driven by seasonal effects. "
"Chinese manufacturing is back in expansionary territory, but the uptick could be partly driven by seasonal effects. "
"Chinese manufacturing is back in expansionary territory, but the uptick could be partly driven by seasonal effects. "
" : Why art films don't stand a chance at the #Chinese box office "
" These 5 month continuous riots are the biggest Direct Action against EU that I know about.  They won't sto "
" : Chinese authorities are particularly seeking to uproot the underground Church.://t.co/6jkPgNBCH2"
" : Hindi mangingisda kundi militia raw ang sakay ng mga Chinese vessel na namataan sa paligid ng Pag-Asa Island. Batay 'ya"
""
"Watching MDZS made me reminisce the days we had Chinese as our foreign language class in 9th grade, and I miss our "
" In Korea the main writing system is a native alphabet called Hangul. Though there is an old way of wri "
"As the US-China relationship becomes more confrontational, where does France stand on a #transatlantic dialogue vis "
"There are many Korea and North Korean human beings in the Japanese Komeito (Soka Gakkai).Soka Gakkai(SGI), the Chin "
" :   Hahaha, it's a joke  this pollution as you say is a fog. You are credulous people. Pollutio"
"  A) not passive funds B)  redenomination worries would have been priced by marke "
"    Congress manifesto is written by Pakistanis and Chinese."
"5 factors driving the Chinese lawtech boom #china #technology "
"Chinese baby with a boosie fade  "
"   if you don't like China,please give up Chinese characters are not entitled to use it"
" a person with a knife couldn't have killed 49 people...://t.co/fzTqApq7FG"
". UK CEO, Mike Day, arrives at #LSBU2019. Mike's ongoing support and work with his Chinese Partners in "
"Let me ask all my fellow students from 30 years ago who were protesting to free Tibet... oops, sorry they can tal "
" "
"Qianlong Vessel is in a Class of it's own.This is arguably the finest piece of Chinese porcelain ever published. Ge "
"  "
"   You can't represent all Chinese least can't represent me"
"I like Malena yaeh yeah!, she beautiful like Chinese girl."
"Chinese tech giant Tencent quietly tests game streaming platform "
"There are many Korea and North Korean human beings in the Japanese Komeito (Soka Gakkai).Soka Gakkai(SGI), the Chin "
"  All the while the Chinese poison the land and the water and themselves... Laughable."
" : 38. They've allowed foreign agents into their companies and they've got so many nefarious partners that China has HEAVILY bene"
" And Biden took Beau  introduced him to big Chinese officials. He ended up profiting  well from the v "
"   "
"I am now fully enshrined in Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics.  you for your unde "
" Where did you even buy it? Chinese wholesalers?"
"ang cute ko umiyak mukha akong chinese HAHAHAHAHA"
"China slowing economy claims unexpected victim: tech start-ups://t.co/bvFYM5cQmc"
" : The T on Chinese Transmasculinity "
"December construction start for Chinese SMR - World Nuclear News "
"One joy scatters a hundred griefs.- #Chinese saying "
"Why am i listening to chinese nursery songs right now"
" : Police identify one of four suspects in alleged kidnapping of Chinese student "
" : Amid strengthening political ties with China, Italy gives the go-ahead to repatriate 800 Chinese cultural artifacts: "
"#Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children's porridge "
"sex with his brother you porn italia retro porno vintage guy fingering girl sexy clips sexy woman laying  psp downl "
" : what are those chinese novels all the kids are into these days I wanna have fun too"
"At CSIS hearing Fletcher School classmate  and her colleagues talking up the  of the Climate "
"My coworker.. She came up to me and said there's these Japanese guests she doesn't understand and asked me to go ta "
"   That ancient Chinese curse."
" In Japan they called  are are used alongside Hiragana and Katakana characters which are nati "
" Chinese vendors blatantly ask what value we want on invoices and what descriptions on customs forms "
" : Old Chinese Seal, Shoushan Stone dark Yellow, Landscape with elderly, houses and trees carved with great detail 1Kg - S"
"Burog sila sa Chinese Garter eah HAHAHAHA."
"Naruhito era named Reiwa ahead of emperor abdication; Japan breaks tradition of naming imperial reigns from Chi "
"[Help ] Ready Stock EXO Miracle in December (Chinese Version)  check this link for more detail ;)://t.co/AAvrjOVhAw"
" AHHHHHHH!!!! What? I been practicing Chinese. Definitely. Why would you think I was not practicing "
" :  gem cannot be polished without friction, nor a man perfected without trials.  Chinese Proverbs #Quote"
" bsdk.. to kya nahi test karte? also, read the statement fully.. since is LEO it will desipiate in fe "
"Meal prep # Sous vide Chinese Chicken Drumsticks, with Chinese kale and millet. The drumsticks are sticky and "
" As prophesised in an 80's cartoon mag called none other than Cracked (Not only that dan in Chinese mea "
"#ThingsIveLearned Always use tasteful words. You may have to eat them.  #Translate  #Chinese #Mandarin  #TeamFollowBack"
"FBI report: The Chinese Embassy Robocall Scam Is Back "
" : Climate Change Alarmists Routinely Ignore Chinese Flouting Of Paris Accords "
"  Oh yeah forming another political party other than the CCP is now considered illegal in "
"bsdk.. to kya nahi test karte? also, read the statement fully.. since is LEO it will desipiate in few weeks unlike "
" : can annabelle please stop acting like studying chinese is a personality trait"
"  in the export market made sense. Indeed, even the US accused them in the 90s of dumping "
" :  UPDATE: The vessel with Sierra Leone flag registry was boarded with Indonesians and Chinese crew. It also h"
" : Nigerian TV isn't very white, Krishnan. Chinese TV isn't very white, Krishnan. Papua New Guinea TV isn't very white, Kris"
" : Call the police, I agree with John Cornyn on something.://t.co/92lfmHs4ja"
"Chinese teapot Yising with Pandas and Bamboo pattern 220g - TEA02 #ChineseAntiques "
"Hensemnya boipren dia, muka chinese look "
"  I see that unwarranted animosity against the Chinese is a bipartisan thing. Glad to "
" : Apple (AAPL -0.6%) cut its prices for several products on the official online Chinese store by as much as 6%. pro"
" book is like a garden carried in the pocket. proverb #books #gardens "
"my mam calls them chinese, my brother sighs and ciar straight up called BTS . like. it hurt. i know i a "
" Wolf (Chinese ver )://t.co/BsMpdjKQ1r"
""
"Chinese #Opera to present Marco Polo's #Romance in #Medieval #China.#BeltandRoad #BRI #OBOR #silkroad "
" the last straw was them spamming a comment in chinese that is a lil vulgar and rude and seunghyub saw "
"Opinion | Keep the Chinese government away from 5G technology "
"Well let's send them to you're house. So how much classified information did you pass on to you're Chinese houseboy "
" : 39. China has debuted their new F31. The plane is so strikingly similar to the LM F-35 in nearly every way that LM has realize"
"  Chinese bot."
" Chinese characters (called Hanzi in China) were historically used throughout the region and were adapt "
" : what i wanna know is who the fuck is selling my phone number to the chinese consulate in los angeles???"
"Chinese Boxer Trounces Stereotypes, Depression to Become  of the "
"   Why is Google Colluding with the Chinese Miltary, when China is a Communist "
" Nauna nang iginiit ni Chinese Ambassador Zhao Jinhua na mangingisda lang talaga ang lulan ng mga bar "
"Detective Pikachu (2019) | Official Chinese Poster "
"Hindi mangingisda kundi militia raw ang sakay ng mga Chinese vessel na namataan sa paligid ng Pag-Asa Island. Batay "
" : SCOL Zhou Bo - Code for Unplanned Encounters at Sea only covers   encounters...://t.co/Pjgh1XkWhl"
" : Large 6 &amp; Antique Chinese Seal, natural Shoushan Stone Yellow with orange veins, hand carved Foo Dog - Lion Fu - 1.7 K"
" "
"  Korea isn't a race it's population that happened most of their males engage in this behavior "
"Chinese tech giant Tencent plans $5 billion dollar bond sale: sources "
"Guided Therapeutics Receives $2.5 Million Purchase Order from Chinese Partner Shandong Medical Device Technology Co "
"Tyre choices mixed as Pirelli reveal tyre orders for Chinese GP : "
"  "
"5 factors driving the Chinese lawtech boom #china #technology "
"Oh, man! The memories! some of the best table tennis ever, in back of the Chinese pavilion.  gondola ride o "
""
"a bunch of countries citing Chinese slow down in their weak PMI #'s. China's economy grew by 6% last year? Hm. "
" they issued rules to follow.. 1. Not to comment a comment theyve been throwing everywhere that is a bit "
" : Renowned Chinese poet Bei Dao looks uneasily at the yawning chasm of Hong Kong's inequities and asks, What does it mean"
"Chinese Drama"
" they issued rules to follow.. 1. Not to comment a comment theyve been throwing everywhere that is a bit r "
" : The first bilingual and interdisciplinary academic journal on Hong Kong,  (Chinese University Press), is no"
" : A familiar story:  students at McMaster University tried to interrupt a Uighur woman talk, filmed her presentati"
"I  Chinese"
"Chinese Kung Fu Girl! by ctrltstudio #artwork #artist #artstation #chinese #kungfu #kungfugirl #magic #effect "
"'The Chinese regime has all along denied allegations that it murders prisoners of conscience to provide organs for "
" : Lodare e adorare Dio Onnipotente | Musica gospel Coro cinese 15 spettacolo://t.co/WnqzhdsEZe "
"Chinese Speaker Wanted  Qual Research  - London (Central), London (Greater) - Resources Group "
"Have you heard   Suzuki by ?lang=ja on #SoundCloud? #np "
"The horror film Prey...has unexpectedly clawed its way to the top of the Chinese box office...beating out Hollywoo "
" "
"Philippines protests Chinese ships around disputed island "
"People from Black, Caribbean, Black-African, Chinese and South Asian backgrounds are more at risk of Type 2 "
"Chinese ship in Manila, the same ship that harassed PH fishermen "
"Climate Change Alarmists Routinely Ignore Chinese Flouting Of Paris Accords "
" :  Don give me  breast Benjamin !  As my old Nana never tired of saying, everyone knew that the l"
"# Plus Size #  Style Linen Plus Size Folk Dress: US$77.99 ( 7% OFF) Link: "
" "
" : Interesting paper: From  for Education to  for Innovation: The 22nd Global Chinese Conference on Compu"
"Chinese boxer trounces stereotypes, depression to become  of the Ring "
"Andile Ramaphosa hires law firm to probe his #business partnerships In a bid to clean up his image busin "
"Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children's porridge  "
" : Yesterday (March 31st 2019) at Beijing China DMV, Chinese social media reports over 100 Tesla cars waiting to get insp"
"walay makig poker diri dips? hahaha lami mn idula"
"  Yes!!!Many Chinese fans like me ship Carol and Nat so hard,the ship is very popular in Ch "
" : Lodiamo Dio che  ritornato vittorioso | Coro di lode 18 spettacolo://t.co/p9fSAZLoNi  "
"Can someone help me with a Chinese language thing  it's literally just about the meaning of a word so it won't take long I think"
"i know i suck in both english and chinese but i just wanted to share this with everyone  if u buay tahan my transl "
"New! Smashed #cucumber #salad is fresh, bright, and full of #flavor. Not to mention #crunchy. Inspired by Chinese f "
" : Negotiators are still working out deal terms, but any agreement seems certain to involve China promise to purchase "
"  A Chinese bot how fucking original"
" Got mines! My order messed up at first with Imax so Im going cinerama Dome then Chinese Theater Imax "
"#FactCheck per National plank society (French) &amp; Chinese Academy of science (Private Research &amp; survey firms). "
" : Why are people offended when Chinese people say they're from China? You don't like Chinese people??? "
" : This is incredible  and not just the Wendi Murdoch part. The $100 million Chinese garden at the National Arboretum, de"
"1,000,000,000.Hoard of Ru-ware: the most important and rarest #Chinese #art in the world at "
" : Very excited news.  Leonie research is so attractive in Chinese social media. Now it is top 2 hot point"
" : The connections between nationalism and sexism in China need close attention: discussant Song Geng on the Chinese masculini"
"UT OH! hackers make Tesla drive into oncoming traffic (VIDEO)  #CNBC #Bloomberg #maga #QAnon #FoxNews "
""
"Puzzle Piece of Sewol Ferry and China Moo-hyun Lee Myung-bak Song Young-gil and Won Hee-ryong -- from Cruise in "
"Another gang working the online scam lines from Phuket...#Phuket "
"Abdullahi Adan, 37, one of four suspects wanted in connection with the alleged abduction of Chinese international s "
"China Purchases Could Undercut Trump Larger Trade Goal. China Bans All Types of Fentanyl. Chinese Dissidents Feel "
"Chinese kindergarten teacher detained after allegedly poisoning 23 children  "
"Latest: The Point: Chinese-American scientists warn of  profiling "
"Latest: The Point: Chinese-American scientists warn of  profiling "
"The Chinese and Russians are making moves worldwide and that giant imbecile is screaming no collusion. Nightmare."
"/t sh gu g ./"
"Lent week four  you want to connect with people, you start with their needs, not your own. Start with their hur "
" -800"
" : My friend is returning back to Aus for good this week  want YOU to #fund the Chinese take out &amp; bottles of wine!"
"     Wow, what a terrible analogy. The correct analogy w "
" Oracle Warns Not to 'Take it Easy' in World Largest Luxury Market: BoF Imran Amed sat down with LVMH Gr "
" hindi ka ba chinese?"
"USDA attach in Beijing estimated total 2019/20 Chinese #soybean imports at 91.5 MT vs. 88.0 MT in /19 and 94.1 MT in /18"
"Chinese kindergarten teacher detained after allegedly poisoning 23 children  "
"Why twitter translator is so good at translating chinese and arabic while it absolutely can't translate slavic languages????"
"Me when ordering Chinese food specifically "
"Are you a dynamic and passionate individual who would be a valuable asset to our dedicated and professional team? "
"China has resumed fresh construction at #Doklam and even increased there military presence during last few days #Chinese"
"I dunno but I'm not flexing or anything pero may lahi akong Chinese which explains my fair complexion or kung ano p "
"without you chinese version came on shuffle gladly one of their best songs"
"    With the rate caps its possible to plan personal or business borrowing. L "
"I'm sure you didn't know you kicked a bar mistakenly... kick it with you  yui (Chinese name ) .... "
" Biden got the Chinese to give 1 billion to his son. Nice deal. No collusion there! Keep looking here "
"militia &gt;&gt; kontrolado nang Chinese Goverment"
"C'est au tour de la section #Chine d'#Isuga de nous proposer quelques clich de leur #s ! it "
"I know i know. Chinese ppl got many beliefs at least we got to spend them with the fam "
"Consider how you lay out a design for localization. Western languages run left to right. Many others do not. Arabic "
"Africa's largest mosque is currently nearing completion in Algiers - WATCH: #construction "
"  You got it all wrong it's the Chinese THAT eat anything not the french the Chinese saying th "
"Take a look at the tyre allocations for the Chinese GP later this month. #F1 #F1Testing  more  "
" on Twitter: NHK ://t.co/1T0LLqLKUU "
"  but i dont doubt that there's probably something about it on that blog???  just usually "
" As they're doing in Africa building basic infrastructure while buying large portions of land anticipating "
"    Yet 80,000,000 citizens of Taiwan, Hong Kong, Inner Mongolia, Xinjian "
"Chinese Ming Dynasty Imperial Chenghua B/W and Doucai wares: "
"#FFBCommbicara #MyStupidBoss2 Dibuat ngakak pas adegan battle dance debt collector ala India vs debt collector Chin "
"Juncker said Chinese investments in Europe make it harder in the EU to agree on foreign policy.  country isn "
" no human rights in war ..... pakistanis shd not teaach human rights to us .. learn human rights fro "
" Switch Online  "
"27,000,000. Sotheby's Chinese N. Song Dynasty Ru-Ware FRAUD the Truth and the Proof: "
"Today is #belgianbeerday! To celebrate, today's #MBWOTD is  b p. This is Chinese for 'Belgian beer'."
"Please I am not white 't associate me with white people  just don't go outside that much  am a Filipino-chinese  am not white"
"New exhibition OPENING SOON  ! The Moon Represents My Heart: Music, Memory and Belonging will show the tran "
"Chinese dairy / plant-based opportunity "
" : Great to welcome local businesses across Edinburgh to our Chinese Cultural Training Session this morning delivered by our par"
"BBC's article on Tom Hiddlesto's 'creepy' supplement ad targeted at Chinese market reveals that they take life too "
" : RECENT AIRBUS ORDER FOR 300 CHINESE JETS BOLSTERED BY REPEAT ANNOUNCEMENTS OF DOZENS OF EXISTING DEALS -SOURCES - RS$BA"
"It is the first time an era name has been taken from an old anthology of Japanese poems, the Manyoshu, instead of a "
" : Andile Ramaphosa cut ties with the chairman of a Chinese company alleged to have given Eskom a loan without the power ut"
" : Let have this week a fresh start! Lots of brilliant choice not just Chinese style! We provide a friendly relationship"
"How to make the BEST Chinese Breakfast Street Food  ShaoBing() "
"  "
"  bcoz our govt. give doors to chinese vessell to enter in our country, kaya even constru "
" ()"
" :                     "
"Pro tip: Use chopsticks to plant pinwheels in hard ground! When we discovered our chopsticks had been misplaced (oo "
"Sen.  &amp;  write that we could soon live in an unpredictable environment where information f "
"Chinese-Canadian star Lil Tay is back! "
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat? "
" :       :             "
"Can't stop eating here at the moment. The great Buddist vegetairian Chinese food from Godly.  highly recomend "
" : Taiwan to Block Chinese Streaming Sites Ahead of #Election ://t.co/B96FSqK6xu #china "
"  "
"  "
"SOLD for  in last weeks auction: Lot 108 Circa 1910 Chinese Blue and White Head Rest #bespoke #auction #1910 "
"Nio is Tesla's biggest competitor in the Chinese electric-vehicle market  here's how its ES8 SUV compares with Tes "
" :    "
""
"  Congi manifesto is madder than PaagalRG. Minimum income is guaranteed without defining job "
"The Mandarin Buffett article was the first time I remember strangers paying attention to my writing. Three years ag "
"5 factors driving the Chinese lawtech boom #china #technology "
"#Jazzwise WANDAGROUP get some chips, or eat at the Chinese takeaway where Derek Bailey used to hang out, and get some bun"
"Black American Entrepreneurs: Now is the time to invest in African business opportunities.  Entrepreneurs "
"What is the most-used language in the world. In descending order...English, Chinese, Hindi, Spanish, and Russian.#growthhack #growthhacking"
" Congi manifesto is madder than PaagalRG. Minimum income is guaranteed without defining jobs. Govt jobs are in "
"Now with full text (in Chinese) "
" get some chips, or eat at the Chinese takeaway where Derek Bailey used to hang out, and get some bun"
"       Tell me what happened with the command o "
"How amazing is this stairway to #book heaven? #bookworm"
"Shock moment Chinese tourists mowed down by boy racer in St Andrews://t.co/ct1voLvlV1 "
"Rise in Duplicity &amp; Counterfeit Materials Worry Plywood Brands Full Article:-://t.co/07qazTL6Pl "
"Taiwan will forcefully expel PLA warplanes next time: Tsai Ing-wen "
" Far to many cases have gone by either without prosecution or plea deals ie the Chinese Spy, Ms. Wasse "
"MyPOV: US manufacturing is organically up.  Chinese manufacturing is propped right now.  Europe needs stimulus. "
"5 factors driving the Chinese lawtech boom #china #technology "
"Satellite Photos Show Chinese Anti-Satellite Laser Base via  "
"Russian banks participate in Chinese speed  is the dollar era in? "
"CHINESE ANIME HAVE THE BEST CHARACTER DEVELOPMENT AND ROMANCE I FOUND HEAVEN"
" :  A Plan to Go Fishing#Truestory about a released Chinese Christian encountered ONLY for practicing his faith in"
"Russian banks participate in Chinese speed  is the dollar era in? "
" "
"Officials: Chinese Economic Charm Offensive Losing Steam - USNI News "
" Many Chinese have indeed no human rights, like those children locked in special schools for Internet addiction."
"   China who owns much of Hollywood doesnt push for Chinese to sing there cuz they d "
"5 Chinese born Kazakhs students studying religion in Egypt feared detention&amp;asked for protection in Kazakhstan. In "
"   Congi manifesto is madder than PaagalRG. Minimum income is guaranteed without def "
" :  Translation:  cover for Chinese intelligence operations, it is common sense that we install backdoors a"
"The operator of China's biggest online payment platform has called the Thai government to provide more digital serv "
"Fill the gap![Make sentence with these phrases.]:) B) C)  _  _  _ #FillTheGap #Chinese #LearnChinese #China"
"I honestly don get how some people in Taiwan are actually willing to live under Chinese rule. "
"Chinese water torture is a process in which water is slowly dripped onto one's scalp, allegedly making the restrain "
" :  We should all be boycotting Chinese goods until China stops this!"
"Two of my favorite people!  talks with  on : Reports Say U.S. Sees A National Security T "
"Abdullahi Adan, 37, one of four suspects wanted in connection with the alleged abduction of Chinese international s "
" counterchekist: thespybrief Translation:  cover for Chinese intelligence operations, it is common sense that "
"Exclusive: Chinese EV car maker NIO restricts its IPO banks from working for rivals - sources "
"Chinese incongruity!! "
" :     I agree there, but this is an American market, right? How big is the chanc"
" : The path beyond Silicon Valley hollow libertarianism or China state censorship is a publicly owned internet - I r"
"#FreshOffTheBoat is back with double episodes every Tuesday at 8pm on , and the Huang are heading "
"Chinese villagers assured their  water is fine but doubts remain.://t.co/jpVIoOdyRm "
"Chinese-Jewish chef Molly Yeh is nominated for an Emmy  #MollyYeh #girlmeetsfarm "
" : In the 1950s and 60s, Chinese photographer Fan Ho captured powerful black and white photos of Hong Kong "
"   I see now where we differ. This one is simple: Who would celebrate most if t "
"#Tunesday #AreaMatter/  #NP  Chinese - : #ChaiZanders#TheBeatGoesOn"
" Meanwhile Chinese boats are hanging out around the Philippines."
"   Duterte is leaving it all up to the Chinese,I wonder if that's also the stand of "
"learn chinese : =  =  =  =  =  = !"
"  Uhm! Yes! It is very beautiful 'cuz we've got 7,000 islands... In our provinces if yo "
"Had a dream I had to write a DBQ on all of the Chinese Dynasties, and all I could remember was the Ming Dynasty. Th "
"A Chinese student in Gucci shoes jumped ahead of me to take the last seat on the bus on a cold rainy day has "
"Congi manifesto is madder than PaagalRG. Minimum income is guaranteed without defining jobs. Govt jobs are increase "
"Sinophilic learning style. Learns best by examples featuring Chinese culture."
"  Absolutely. Caixin is a magnet for superb Chinese journalists. Many of them come to the "
" : "
" hospital"
" : Chinese billionaires Minghao Xu and Junhui Wen marry and combine assets. They have purchased Pledis Entertainment and XCSS E"
""
" : Meet the man who bet on Chinese debt "
"Chinese Casanova dates 19 women and swindles them out of their savings after posing as a 'rich kid' - Daily Mail "
" "
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat? "
" You spelled Chinese wrong"
"Novartis skin disease drug Cosentyx wins Chinese approval $NVS "
"Faint global recognition is denying Chinese universities the profile that their research achievements warrant, inau "
"  OOOH YE I LOVE THAT BLOG but also probably not because the site i was reading off was chinese"
"Fentanyl 'loopholes' target of Chinese crackdown on drug's exporters "
"   Stop complaining lets help each other and fix our continent before Chinese colonised us ."
"Edit: Ang Chinese, lupa lang talaga ang kailangan. "
"Chinese Tourists to Visit Italy in Greater "
" : With Tom in Xiamen Fujian China for #atlantisshoes debut #Fashionshow#singer #goldenvoice #voiceofanange"
"   ://t.co/E3jwIJc5Lq"
" : Factories pick up Calming Investors - U.S. and Chinese #manufacturing sectors showed signs of stabilizing in March "
" : Whilst global consumers associate Chinese beauty with ancient tradition and TCM, Asian consumers (outside China) assoc"
" : I took my son to football practice every Sat for 2 years (age 3-5). Showed very little interest back in UK and he asks"
" :  Meng Yao is so cute, I want to draw more of him on updating Twitter and Weibo For latest arts you can fo"
" proves that Chinese food CAN be made in a healthy and delicious way! "
"Chinese Dissidents Feel Heat of Beijing Wrath. Even in Canada. "
"Chinese kindergarten teacher detained after allegedly poisoning 23 children "
" Toevallig een medewerker van Chinese afkomst betrokken?"
" II    Chinese Tea Orchid Remix  #sm22643565 # "
" :  #Chinese propaganda about #Islam is to justify #Uighurs genocide "
"The 41 bygone Des Moines restaurants diners miss the most "
"Why the hell are you advertising for Chinese goods? "
" I have an airpopper! I used it the other day to reheat rice from leftover Chinese but it's honestly "
" They been speaking Chinese"
" Like Chinese drivers?"
"Working with the Chinese is so fucked up, you have to have a high tolerance to bullshit... "
"  My sister caught a millisecond of the show and goes PSSSHHHH. WHAT THE HELL IS THIS, A CHINESE "
"THX  IMAX  "
" : New Chinese poster confirms Ant-Man will crawl up Thanos ass in #AvengersEndgame! "
"Learn and Speak Chinese language easily."
" : #malaysia #malaysianow #Music #rapper #rapsongs #Chinese "
"Top seeds dropping like fly's in the Chinese open, could this finally be Lisowski's week."
" Onerous Chinese loans agreed upon by Digong and his economic team under dubious terms. Filipinos will pa "
"Love the new edition of 's magazine Xiao Hua. Lots of great articles in English and Chinese, including climat "
""
"   employed a Chinese spy for 20 years. Obamas interfered in the Jussie "
"   bye . mein wattpad pe koi chinese ff pad rhi hu "
"Barclays began adding Chinese onshore government bonds to its flagship Global Aggregate Bond Index in a 20-month pr "
"HEY,  MR. PRESIDENT,  MEL GIBSON WILL STAR IN,  WUKONG: THE MONKEY KING.  HE'LL WEAR ANCIENT ROYAL CHINESE CEREMO "
" -  (Seohyun - My Friend) (Respect Legend Series 1st.)://t.co/IL1ghLLkNT was surprised when I heard "
"New flavour alert!! We're tasting out this new flavour today: Chinese Black Tea &amp; Rose!!  It smells absolutely a "
"That thanks to google(?) auto translate. Sounds Chinese to me. "
"The Chinese lady who place I staying at checked my chakras and told me my spirit is a princess of elves so in l "
"Dr. Mo Zhong, Expert Committee Member of CHPSA, Hydraulics and Pneumatics Association, er im Forum Mo "
"Japanese (i can speak/read a little so counting it since i not fluent) Chinese, Spanish, French, Korean. But real "
"okay but have you listened to give me a chance chinese version? this is such a bop ://t.co/6pzn2yRlkL"
"NEWSFLASH:  writes a daily column....and has been doing so for 21 YEARS. READ IT on : "
"We are doing Chinese paper cutting with Mrs Fan this afternoon! "
"The best way to mitigate the risks of #Huawei 5G is to not install it in the first place. Good point  "
"Ethnocide in East Turkestan appears to be taking a psychological toll on Han Chinese officials too, whose freedoms "
"Kenya largest lenders are the Chinese and the World Bank. Already the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and the W "
"   ... mark my words these countries will be ruled by Chinese in future. "
"Keep the Chinese government away from 5G technology://t.co/WfXKn2nFii"
"NP #Chinese -  // On #MusicAndTalk with  #InspireMyTuesday"
" : #TVPatrol EXCLUSIVE: Manggagawang Chinese na nakunang nagtatrabaho sa isang pribadong construction site, may special work per"
" : don believe everything on the internet. the store isn even chinese and it halal lamb not dog. whoever recorded th"
"CFIUS has stonewalled a Chinese investor, and unwound its investment in a dating app two years after closing. Read "
" :  Ukhuluma nonsense  the reason for that is  africans compete  directly with blacks that live on township wher"
" : A Chinese firm is building Montenegro's first freeway, which is expected to boost growth for the Balkan state #BeltandRoad h"
" :    I bet the guy on the tube with the Chinese has a  this day Facebook status"
" :  "
"Abe gets 10% bump in approval rating for choosing two Chinese characters. Time to call an election?://t.co/i5ZdDcObHQ"
" : Since today's Chinese have no outright restrictions on where they can live, you might think that there would be no continuing eff"
"As well as being the 1000th race, the 2019 Chinese Grand Prix will mark 250 races since the  end of the V "
"     what do you want for the chinese lantern and egg rattle? "
"Let have this week a fresh start! Lots of brilliant choice not just Chinese style! We provide a friendly relation "
" : I think with the release of  manifesto nationalism, national pride &amp; national security have to limelight again. "
" : 1. That not a dog, that a lamb . That not a Chinese restaurant, it a halal store. Bitch stfu you sound dumb,"
" : And they complain that only the chinese are good salesmen ... lol  "
"[NEWS] New deputy director of Beijing liaison office makes first public remarks: Calls on Hongkongers to be patri "
"The Department of Finance on Tuesday chided anew critics of the Duterte administration dealings with Chinese loan "
"Chinese Casanova dates 19 women and swindles them out of their savings after posing as a 'rich kid' - Daily Mail "
" I say Socialism, but having useful idiots around to pound into people heads how stupid the ideolo "
"After her high school graduation, she was accepted to the Beijing Dance Academy and majored in Chinese ethnic dance."
" : They know some people can be bought... #gript://t.co/2hfUCkm3bc"
"#SCMP New deputy director of Beijing liaison office makes first public remarks: Calls on Hongkongers to be patrio "
"RECENT AIRBUS ORDER FOR 300 CHINESE JETS BOLSTERED BY REPEAT ANNOUNCEMENTS OF DOZENS OF EXISTING DEALS -SOURCES - RS$BA"
"  Made in a Chinese sweatshop "
"400,000 Chinese have Bo as their family name. I am so honoured."
" How long is a Chinese name his name is how long lol"
"   Whites, Indians, Coloureds, Chinese etc, all measured the same, then personal in "
" : $ITT.V is defiantly building!!! #Chinese #Billionaire #Company #Incent is behind #InternetOfThings, an #IoT #SoftwareComp"
" A man after my own heart! What's your favourite chinese dish?"
"Jacinda Ardern keeps quiet on comments to Chinese Government about human rights abuses "
"EXO-M - My Lady (Color Coded Chinese/PinYin/Eng Lyrics)://t.co/mYKEWqoGzU"
"Join us and  TODAY for a discussion with   "
"They know some people can be bought... #gript://t.co/2hfUCkm3bc"
"  well, with one manufacturer I am worried about where the data will be stored, because "
" :  Are you people sure Chinese debt is not associated to this Registration???"
"   I never commented about CPEC btw. CPEC is just one on the many exampl "
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under? "
" : Nobody : : "
" :  with previous Chinese regimes, Xi Jinping is making greater use of leading small groups to promote further ref"
"Are you looking for Chinese investors? This is THE must-attend summit for you! Register with SUPER early bird prici "
"I just had the Chinese star come out and omg  it hurt so bad"
"A Canine Nutritionist uses Traditional Chinese Medicine principles to offer tips on what to feed a dog with diarrhe "
"  Chinese were willing to pay more..."
"my second office is very close to a chinese bakery. the lord is testing me."
" : Let have this week a fresh start! Lots of brilliant choice not just Chinese style! We provide a friendly relationship"
"Airbus Chinese Jet Order Includes A Previously Announced Deal For 10 A350 Jets Purchased By Sichuan Airlines - RS Sources"
"Nak tnya melayu ke chinese tp takut dia marah huhu. Kalau betul chinese ni rasanya nak undur diri:)"
"Op studies in a chinese school. "
" Scrutiny should involve how Biden enabled son Hunter in business dealings in both Ukraine &amp; China. "
"Recent Airbus Order For 300 Chinese Jets Bolstered By Repeat Announcements Of Dozens Of Existing Deals  RS Sources"
"World Autism Awareness Day has brought more attention to autism spectrum disorder (ASD) in China. Although Chinese "
"Lonely Planet in hot seat for saying Chinese built Banaue Rice Terraces | UNTV News "
" John, how will "
"Why aku mention cina ? Sebab most of chinese live for the money. Even sepuluh sen. Can you guys chill a bit about money tho ?"
"I took my son to football practice every Sat for 2 years (age 3-5). Showed very little interest back in UK a "
"Issues with the provision of equipment mean a failure to meet its contractual obligations with local project develo "
"  I'm still waiting for the full release of Fast and Furious.  targeting Scandal "
"  I met/hosted the mayor of s city in Eastern Africa who told me exactly this.  He was looki "
" : In terms of blockchain technology adoption, China is ahead of Europe. China's president Xi Jinping sees blockchain technol"
"  This illiterate Chinese slave need to understand difference between bilateral trade and b "
"Overtime, cause I aint have a mic!"
"Diplomats, activists decry Chinese 'threats' at UN rights council "
"Short Film Shows NYC War On E-Bikes Through The Eyes Of Chinese Deliverymen "
" I bought a $50 Chinese watch (damn FDA) that does ECG and Blood pressure. It is cool and accurate. Th "
" | ShareAmerica "
"Jacinda Ardern keeps quiet on comments to Chinese Government about human rights abuses | Newshub "
"Studio Esteta celebrates the Chinese heritage inside Workshop Brothers caf: "
"need to friggin upz my chinese.."
" : Developments now in the alleged abduction of a student from China in Markham last month. "
" He will borrow that money from China by bringing India under OBOR project and further under Chinese debt trap."
"Taiwan says it will forcefully expel Chinese from Taiwan Strait. China are greedy bullies who have no maritime clai "
"WATCH: A danger driver who fishtailed round a corner before mounting a pavement and slamming into a group of touris "
"Chinese twins share same driver license for 20 years finally get caught!  ://t.co/Mvsq6KxcaG"
"Here China's trying to edit Genes of infants to protect them from diseases and America's killing  babies.. who woul "
" : Western companies can have a hard time breaking into the Chinese market, which is why  is putting on an info"
"2)MOSCOW (Sputnik), T Yang - US Pres Trump's plans to build a nationwide 5G network in the US  &amp; avoid using commu "
" : Morbid, I know, but here a neat interactive map of lynchings to enforce white supremacy, 1835-1964. Screenshot shows lynchi"
"Geographic distance and soil microbial biomass carbon drive biogeographical distribution of fungal communities in C "
"Determination, residue analysis, risk assessment and processing factor of pymetrozine and its metabolites in Chines "
" My country Malaysia have chinese Malaysian citizen. I think all chinese are same in malaysia, west an "
""
"Roughly 200 Chinese ships spotted near South China Sea After US transmit... "
"Phl files diplomatic protest vs presence of Chinese vessels near Pagasa Island | UNTV News "
" Since Chinese smartphones are known for having awful security I can see why.  I wish their security di "
" : What's causing Chinese companies to rise to the top?"
" How is this narrative working for you guys after 3 years? It a tough sell specially the previous l "
" We want all details about 2020 escape including electric range, all latest technology, and it should have "
" I WAS LIKE  and then asked me if I could speak Chinese what country I was from and then he told me h "
"can i have a chinese assessment book for my birthday maybe tys also can"
"I love this scene: drunk man smoking and giving a very contemplative stare to the two panda statues in front of the "
" : Kagunduini Ward MCA Peter Mburu Muthoni was arrested today by officers in Muranga for among other things-making a document w"
" : Ardern had a long lunch with Premier Li Keqiang, who extended his condolences over the Christchurch terrorist attack, "
"Stephen Roach On Chinese TV .S. Soul Searching Needed To Fix Multilateral Trade Tensions "
"Let have this week a fresh start! Lots of brilliant choice not just Chinese style! We provide a friendly relation "
"Wehhhhhhhh couple sebelah aku dalam lrt ni , gf dia nak pegang tiang ni sebab xnak jatuh2, pastu bf dia tepis tgn g "
" : Having worked at Caixin (Hu Shuli's Caijing actually, 3 yrs), Reuters (6 yrs), and FT (4 yrs now), I would say the many Caixin"
"Franklin pays a visit to a bizarre downtown Chinese take-out restaurant: Understanding Franklin Thompson: "
" : The guy in that Scotland is now video could've had a Chinese accent for all I care. Doesn't make him any less Scottish o"
"I spent my evening wrestling with Chinese I :( my brain needs a break..."
"  Unless there a Chinese club in the mix it would need to be a buyout or at the very "
" : Even our troops on resupply or repair missions have been harassed by Chinese naval forces. Our government should be protest"
" : Yet more questionable construction in Kilimani. An old house knocked down and trees felled by new Chinese owner on Nde"
"Japanese, Korean, Chinese What the Difference?://t.co/xP3YvvsI21"
"Chinese leading EV startup NIO delivered 3989 ES8 in Q1 2019 ended March 31 #NIO #ElectricVehicles "
" Uighurs is a specific issue. That ideology will become more prevailed as the time passes and it will engulf "
" : THIS FRIDAY: Hear Uyghur women tell their stories. This Washington DC chapter event is free but space is limited--reserve you"
"  Chinese Mogul Master"
"  Chinese Geniuses (Tofu)."
" : My friend 33% are criminality behave NOT work hard study.  Chinese are poverty work hard study low proportionality are in"
" not a kdrama tho, chinese dramaaa Well-Intended Love hehe"
" : Another Shizun's portrait I found&gt;.&lt;:  From Netease Lofter.# #bingqiu #ScumVillainsSelfSavingSystem #n"
"Climate Change Alarmists Routinely Ignore Chinese Flouting Of Paris Accords | Zero Hedge "
"Chinese Govt offers financial reward for turning in Christians - The Christian InstituteThe Christian Institute "
" : Our thoughts and deepest sympathies are with the families, friends and colleagues of the 30 Chinese firefighters killed last n"
" :  Chinese-owned company in DC area hacked Hillary Clinton private server throughout her term as Sec. of State &amp; obtai"
"Ads project to celebrate Choi Hyunsuk Birthday in South Korea from Fansite-nim  Thank You:  (chri "
" Actually Islamic invasion came from West and India shielded all the countries of South-East Asia from "
" - BBC News  "
"Chinese Crypto Exchange "
"If China PMI is up ( up 1.4% btw ) my thinking is that the Chinese are internally focused buying their own goods "
" : Live: The sixth encoffin ceremony is being held for remains of Chinese Korean War soldiers #HeroesandMartyrs "
" : Chinese local currency debt makes its debut in a global bond benchmark, with its inclusion likely to result in some $2trn of"
"Hoisin sauce, a thick sweet-and-spicy Chinese condiment, gives ground turkey a deep and savory flavor in this new t "
"or okay maybe next to the chinese poster but yeah.... nat's too pretty in this i cant Ignore"
" If the price is right.... Why not? is no stranger to whoring itself out to the world, US, Saudi, Chinese."
"  A Tranny covering up a poorly executed Mossad False Flag - Bans wapons - Criminalize "
"Rela , a popular tactic for Chinese smartphone makers to lure new demographics without undermining."
"      Rail Link to Badgerys Creek airport for which no one ha "
" The Chinese gotta learn they can't FUCK WITH the Americans like they do their own people, cuz we SNA "
"  Do you mean the newly sanctioned by the Chinese Trumpatron 5000 voting machines? They'l "
" : #ALE   37 year old Abdullahi Adan of Toronto, named in Canada-wide arrest warrant in the alleged kidnapping of Chinese stud"
" : It's getting real  will forcefully expel PLA warplanes next time: Tsai Ing-wen "
" Saw that yesterday. Now the Phillipines has put in a diplomatic complaint that hundreds of Chinese ship "
"Short Film Shows NYC War On E-Bikes Through The Eyes Of Chinese Deliverymen: Gothamist "
" : Was when i realised the gross injustices in our education system. Why do indian and chinese students have to work x10 hard"
"Chinese zodiac art from the Primary Confucius Hub at Armadale Primary School inspired by Steven Brown. Art and Mand "
" : Still tripping over the Chinese translation of THE LEAVERS. If my grandparents were alive, this would be the version of my "
"Philippines protests Chinese ships around disputed island "
"my next job is writing alt text descriptions for teaching english kids on how to write chinese characters  i,,nervous"
" "
"  Abused classified data had been in the hands of your under qualified synchophants and ruthles "
" : Follow us for more info about Moutai &amp; Chinese drinking culture."
"So I took a little walk in the park the other day and an old Chinese man strolled past, cigar in mouth, Happy Hardc "
"Thanks dp k3 beb include #SURABAYA hari ini masih ada 1 slot ya , yuk merapat untuk yg serius only ya "
"2019 Women World Championship Division IIB 2 Chinese Taipei vs Turkey 5-3://t.co/rq1VawH99f"
" sex while watching porn is like learning to drive watching NASCAR -Ancient Chinese prover"
"BREAKING: Suspect in kidnapping of Chinese student turns himself in "
" "
"  Wise to spare the Pacific in light of recent Chinese expansionist activities."
" : Traditional Chinese Medicine (#TCM) accounts for &gt;3/4 of #endangered #species products traded in #HongKong since 2013. #C"
" looked down upon it as low class, proffering to use Classical Chinese. So literacy was low. Speaks _"
"How Chinese Entrepreneurs Are Quietly Reshaping Africa "
" : Musical in italiano Ogni nazione adora Dio Onnipotente| L'ultimo messaggio del ritorno di Cristo di pi ://"
" : Respected   'alaikum. that you know about the ethnic cleansing of Uighur Muslims going on in"
" : I see immigrants of many nations rep their nations of origin on shirts, vanity license plates, car accessories, etc. When i"
" : If you journey from Malaysia's hot, flat south to its hilly, jungly north, you'll see the influences that Chinese, Indian, a"
"I haven had Chinese food from the carry out in 2 years  I scared"
" They are running out of pap en vleis. They have the Chinese in their sights now.  will not honor ANY ag "
" : The Chinese training schools are as insensitive to the needs of kids  "
"I should start reviewing Chinese cars or something for YouTube "
"Taking orders Chinese style ribs over butter noodles, Greens, Corn Muffin, or Beef short ribs , Red beans and rice, "
" 15 Chinese nationals were just found being smuggled across the southern border in Texas.... "
" : Linglong makes EUR 800mn investment in Serbia, to create 1,200 jobs ;and the Chinese's company's become the sponsor of Ser"
"   Immediate steps be taken to print fake pakistani and chinese currency and dumping it in pakistan"
" French fries tsaka chinese garter HAHAHAHAHAHA jk jk"
" I agree that Chinese supremacy and xenophobia are also serious issue, must be addressed."
"$ITT.V is defiantly building!!! #Chinese #Billionaire #Company #Incent is behind #InternetOfThings, an #IoT "
"  All we hear about is Russia, and the msm conveniently leaves out China. How they were mak "
" "
" : Oil extended its best-in-a-decade rally as Chinese manufacturing data and fresh evidence of OPEC supply cuts fed into"
" : #Vietnam arrestation  Saigon d'un Chinois avec plus de  kg d'h, correspondant  une valeur de plus de 8millions"
"    This early, they are grooming Sara, without an H. The C "
" :  AIR FORCE 1  NEW YEAR AIR FORCE 1  NEW YEAR FORCE 1"
" : &amp;English subtitle with #taomaenoi in Korea THE JOURNAL (Part 1/2) check the full ver. on a"
" Iced lemon tea is da best but chinese tea lagi sdp"
"  Looks Chinese...but ok"
"ChinaAid: Christian seized by Chinese police releases prayer letter "
" You are british? You have british parents and grandparents? Then yes. You were.  Kong was  back "
"Thian Hock Keng temple  the place of heavenly happiness is in China Town, Singapore. It's also known as Tianfu te "
"#BREAKING news: Suspect in kidnapping of Chinese student turns himself in  "
"  Oh yes Is beginning to play out all their backyard businesses But not with Biafrans "
"How the Chinese Government Fabricates Social Media Posts for Strategic Distraction, not Engaged Argument | GARY KING "
"Chinese kindergarten teacher detained for poisoning 23 children "
" : Adding this: The #TexasRangers were also instrumental in helping to enforce the #ChineseExclusionActs, as many patrolled"
"  "
"  "
"is it too early to order chinese food or?"
"Chinese Police Cracks Down on One Worth $47 Million in Jinan ... "
"#WorldAutismAwarenessDay Our family never ever underestimates Tiarnan. He is funny, clever - and has autism. He can "
"Not to be dramatic or anything but I will die if I don't have Chinese food soon."
"  Difficult to answer... I just love anything spicy, it don't matter if it's Mexican, Korean, Japanes "
" More like two chinese circular SLIPPY BOIS "
"Vintage pair of Chinese junk boat artist proof lithographs by Timebanditvintage "
"China is reportedly leading the world in the number of #blockchain projects currently underway in the country, Chin "
" : Oh, and partnership with the Chinese Communist Party and the Triads. That's out, too., such good luck your father-in-"
""
"Vintage pair of Chinese junk boat artist proof lithographs by Timebanditvintage "
"US, Chinese manufacturing data trigger stock rally "
"  If you are ever looking at getting on another podcast let me know! We love to talk about "
" India should ban #huawei ,it is a spying tool for the chinese"
" You are so at Chinese actually~"
"     What should be worrying us is the fact that the ke "
"If you are interested in China and you want to learn Chinese,please follow me. really want to practice my Japanes "
" : The Philippines government has filed a diplomatic protest with China over the presence of hundreds of Chinese vessels near a Phili"
" :  He controls naver, bribed the 3 biggest SoKor investigative agencies, controls Taiwanese, Japanese, Chinese a"
" : Well executed.  new grass roots video shot in vertical format features #TomHiddleston making me or you breakfast."
" There's less pollution in the States because the Americans have moved their factories and jobs to China (C "
" : China's expanding list of censored topics means publishers have to think carefully about partnering with Chinese printer"
"Vintage pair of Chinese junk boat artist proof lithographs by Timebanditvintage "
"Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children's porridge"
" : It All Apart Of The Mar A Largo Pedo/Chinese Human Trafficking Ring Run ByTrump And ,! There Branches In NY, AZ,"
" : # #JAEMIN #NCT video preview 1-Love from China JAEMINbar&amp;Chinese fans- "
"My friend is returning back to Aus for good this week  want YOU to #fund the Chinese take out &amp; bottles of wine "
" Tum bhikariyon ko Chinese apni ladkiyan kyon denge? Woh tumpar hukumat karne aaye hain. Aur karke rahenge."
"Persecution of Christian taken to another level in China: "
"Chinese media says, Indian Prime Minister is a rockstar, video goes viral in Pakistan "
"#Goldman-Backed Chinese Online Pet Store Boqii Plans IPO #boqii"
" Din Tai Fung changed my entire understanding of Chinese food."
" : /=1.6%.6/.7=0.37%.6%"
"So, the Chinese figured out that autonomous means remote control"
" Farmers don want to be on charity they want to work. Your tariffs are too simplistic and have ra "
" 9 tailed foxes exist in both Chinese and Japanese mythology, so don't worry about it."
"Chinese firm to start building major roads in South Sudan - Global Times "
"Whilst global consumers associate Chinese beauty with ancient tradition and TCM, Asian consumers (outside China) as "
" : Through securitization tools such as ABS and CLO, a considerable portion of China RMB 8tn green credits can be turne"
"   "
" Is 2019 Chinese Year of The Arsehole?"
" : 11. Criminal enterprises were networking into nearby Venezuela. For years the same Chinese groups taking over the Canal were a"
"Chinese teacher arrested for mixing poison in 23 children food#China     #KindergartenTeacher "
" : Chinese firm to start building major roads in South Sudan "
"   So Adam and Eve were black, white, Indian and Chinese at the very same time?"
"The Chinese poster for  has been released giving us a closer look at some of the pokemon in the fil "
" : We take a look at green shoots, the Chinese stimulus, review some tidbits of data and provide an update on Brexit in t"
"Rivers and mountains can be moved, but it is much harder to change one nature. proverb.(Note: In ancien "
"Amorin on Chico River Irrigation Pump: May clause dun na walang counter cliam ang Philippines regards to the fundin "
"Baka chinese tel hahaa"
"Translated poem from chinese language to english - Nur Ain' Syahirah  #lls3374 "
" : Foreign Minister pays courtesy call on Chinese Vice President "
"Okay balik chinese series tayo!!!!!!"
"A wise man makes his own decisions but an ignorant man follows the public opinion. - Chinese Prover"
" #OklahomaCity uncertainty in #Brexit  continues under  and Saudi Arabia  oil giants opens "
"Check out what I just added to my closet on Poshmark: Chinese Laundry Peeptoe Lace Heels. "
"Ano kaya ang maging hakbang ng Department of Foreign Affairs, Republic of the Philippines sa mga lumalayag nanChine "
"Bila customer text kau malam2..hm Ok la, sejujurnye Ade 1 cust ni sis suka usha. He's chinese,suka usikll guraull t "
"  ??"
"5 Proven Qigong Benefits it widely believed in traditional Chinese medicine that qigong practices can h "
"SINGAPORE - As visitors stepped into the Fuk Tak Chi Temple, they were greeted by an intricate model of a boat wit "
" :       This is where you show your ignorance. The"
" #OklahomaCity uncertainty in #Brexit  continues under  and Saudi Arabia  oil giants opens "
"&amp; people say #MakeInIndia a failure ???  jobs are for indians not for Chinese ://t.co/qk9S6pynJG "
" That would be called Diversified &amp; Inclusive #Chinese Cuisine :)"
"Chinese Airplane Food  Dim Sum &amp; Braised Beef on Singapore Airlines from Hong Kong to San Francisco - "
"How Facebook Tiny China Sales Floor Helps Generate Big Ad Money: In the southern Chinese city of Shenzhen, Facebo "
"Here's What's Cut in the Chinese Version of Queen's 'Bohemian Rhapsody' "
"The 2019 Chinese Grand Prix which takes place in Shanghai April 14th will mark the 1,000th Grand Prix in the histor "
"The Chin Chin Cutter Machine can be used to produce many kinds of snacks, such as Nigerian Chin Chin, Chinese rice "
"Another Marketing Trends session has overflowed as #cosmetics professionals don their headphones at #incosGlobal to "
"Translated poem from Chinese language to Bahasa Melayu - Nur Atirah #lls3374  "
"U.S. and Chinese manufacturing sectors showed signs of stabilizing in March. Five stories moving the market: "
"  u r from China so sorry about that (i am chinese myself and the behavior i see from some Y "
" : Chinese medical team sets sights on 500 eye surgeries "
" : #PMI 's #China for March better than expected, bringing further green shoots for the Chinese economy. #US China #trade"
"Russian troops in Venezuela.'ll go swimmingly. wonder how long it'll be before Chinese troops arrive."
"Dayo Wong (Stand-up comedian) : British Hong Kong of birth: 1960-09-05: St. Joseph's Anglo-C "
" Old chinese proverb: Speak out of the horse's ass, know what you say will be shit. #MoronInChief"
"Officials: Chinese kindergarten teacher allegedly poisoned 23 kids://t.co/CIeunviGHe"
"#Tofu A staple ingredient in Thai and Chinese cookery, it can be cooked in different ways to change its texture fro "
"at dinner there was a meat and beansprouts dish that someone refused to eat and I didn't know why because they were "
"Daming Chinese sa paligid. Tapos ang QR code Alipay. Jusko Pinoy pa di makaintindi."
" : 38 million Chinese consumers used online resale platforms in 2017, up from 1.5 million in 2014. "
" : Chinese boxer trounces stereotypes to become 'Queen of the Ring' "
" :  Chinese version        "
"Russell Lowe is the Chinese spy that worked for Senator Dianne Feinstein for over 20yrs, while the FBI &amp; CIA slept, "
" sunshine in chinese :) (i couldnt find a meaning behind it other than that and its a common men's name in wales)"
"Yours truly is quoted in this  article: Chinese tech giant Tencent quietly tests game streaming platform "
"       Ain't nobody out here tr "
" I've lived couple of years in China and during that time the Twitter, FB, Youtube etc. got clamped down "
"  A Han Chinese person could say the same thing, whilst standing in the middle of Beijin "
"Ahh is this new? China has always insisted that it is theirs. 9-dash line? And it will never recognize the arbitral "
" : Let have this week a fresh start! Lots of brilliant choice not just Chinese style! We provide a friendly relationshi"
"  "
" This video is so funny! I hope I can get your permission to share it with more SEED fans on Chinese socia "
"#FintechBurnout - beware - can hit the biggest too! "
" And here we are.://t.co/NeqJjcHHvp"
"Korean, chinese, swedish, french, spanish "
" : Der Chinese sagte: d ihn nie dem Sonnenlicht aussetzen.. d ihn nicht nass werden lassen.. d"
"Do any of my Twitter friends have any thoughts about #NATOat70? I'm discussing the subject on Chinese TV on Thursda "
"because old white men say hello to me in chinese &amp; think they're doing me a favor"
"Russia sent a letter to Colombia's Congress threatening to retaliate if any foreign military force interfered in Ve "
" : With the tit-for-tat trade war between the US and China still going on, companies in industries named as important to China"
" : 3. Carter knew there were billionaire Chinese businessmen encroaching on the Canal, one of them, Moctar Riady, befriended Cart"
"  Chinese sisters have a strong desire of buying up for our baby Saint! Hope there will b "
"  Alexandria Ocasio Cortez translated to Chinese- One Dum Ho!"
"   Bhai nujhay toe shaq hone laga hai aap pakistani ho, Chinese ho yaa Naxal ho "
" What will happen to racist Pakistan? If this trend continues then pakistani mullahs will monger hate to chinese corridor"
"Imagine a giant Chinese finger trap.  Now imagine crawling inside it with Misha."
"ALPHA #CHINESE - Warrior With Heart Of #Dragon #Shirt on #Redbubble: #meme #lmao "
"Taiwan to Block Chinese Streaming Sites Ahead of Election "
" : Uneasy Steps in Thailand. For this and other editorial cartoons , in English and Chinese, please follow us "
""
" : Chinese police arrested &amp; repatriated 2 S.Korean suspects involved in drug dealing, and seized 1.7 kms of smokable met"
"  "
" : Thanks  for great #geology #geotourism with our visiting  Chinese colleagues  he"
"anyways: I was a saint and got my sister 2 tickets at the TCL Chinese theater in imax."
" : Guo Hu, CEO of YanHuangGuoXin,Liao Qipo,CEO of Green Electronics Technology and Li Feng,founding-partner of FreesFund will hold"
" : Chinese Medicines Improve Perimenopausal Symptoms Induced by Surgery, Chemoradiotherapy, or Endocrine Treatment for Breast Ca"
"  Not  -- she has other skeletons.'s  -- she and her Chinese SPY "
" :     better take Chinese threats seriously. "
"  My state has equivalent investment to CPEC. more if you take up central projects. "
" : Chinese manufacturing rebounds in March as the main indicator jumps to the highest reading since September "
"Philippines protests Chinese ships around disputed island - CNN "
"#AprilFools Time to get some smile! Yesterday, China three tech giants  ,  and #TENCENT al "
"Let have this week a fresh start! Lots of brilliant choice not just Chinese style! We provide a friendly relation "
" And btw Chinese failed four times before they got it right....just sayin"
"A rogue supercomputer, Chinese tech spies, a sexy robot &amp; her ukulele. Can he be falling in love with a machine? "
"What don't you want to find in your Chinese food? Answer: **The folly of man**   #CardsAgainstHumanity"
"ChinaSource | The Gospel in Pictures "
"Chinese couple had a black baby and they named him Sum Ting Wong"
" : Chinese man once told me, give yourself 6months at your workplace. If you unhappy with the environment, than find other jo"
"While we're at it with scrutinizing chinese contracts, let's scrutinize all the DPWH traffic models used to justify "
"Delivering our Science &amp; Religion seminar yesterday, PhD student Bill Atkins argued that the worldview of Tradition "
"Okay this is getting ridiculous. Hope isn't on the chinese poster (where everybody else who got dusted is) an "
" : . says the Chinese State is running a massive influence campaign in Canada. There are growing allegations i"
" AIR FORCE 1  NEW YEAR AIR FORCE 1  NEW YEAR FORCE 1 "
"Roughly Chinese spotted near a disputed island in the South China Sea is alarming the Philippines "
" : Although taking the characters for a new Imperial era name from an ancient Japanese poem *seems* very traditional, this is"
" : In addition to these resonances with ideas of social harmony and the Showa era, the character  is also traditionally held"
" : Wow...so the #Peru govt is willing to use the military against its indigenous peoples if they don't let the #Chinese and t"
"Japan chooses new imperial era of 'Reiwa' from Japanese rather than Chinese source for first time "
"  "
"  ostya ng chinese hahahaha"
"Philippines protests in light of Chinese vessels in disputed waters#China, #Philippines://t.co/3TWweG7Tcj "
" Hello, I am a Chinese brake pad factory. Is there anything I can do?"
" "
"You make fun of a singer's leaked sensitive video and mock him. yung scandal ng pagnanakaw ng tax natin? Manhid "
"   "
"U.S. and Chinese manufacturing sectors showed signs of stabilizing in March "
"ganyan pag chinese, tignan mo si yanan "
" Who are you?! Drink lots of water, get some vitamin C, listen to your needs, for example if you really fancy "
" :  A lot really don't seem to grasp that shorting China really is a bet on when the authorities run out of liquidity"
"  Ahhhh, the benefits of not living in relative or actual poverty, like many Chinese do to produce that much steel."
"#         #                 "
"...and I've been buying Chinese food a lot lately which means I'm largely not eating healthy dinners but rather the "
"My depression hasn't left me low for a long time but I know buying Chinese food for lunch instead of eating the one "
"ah! today i went to my cousin's sport thingy and overheard some 11 year olds talking about bts. one boy said they w "
"        Your rhetoric does "
"Fantastic bilateral meeting with the #Chinese Chamber of Tourism  to increase collaboration with #UNWTO and poten "
" "
"  "
"11pm and the deadline is looming. Forget midnight oil. Chinese take-out is the only fuel that is being burned in th "
"  First, I agree war must be avert at all costs. But I disagree China would not win a local "
"  Oh, I just downloaded the GIF. Search Azizi Johari smoking. It is from the movie, The Killing of a Chinese Bookie."
" :  Not to mention the Chinese deals he and the  kid landed while  was doing govt business in"
"Favourite takeaway food  ooooh don't get me started I love all takeaway haha probs between Chinese, Indian and Piz "
" : When the winds of change blow, some people build walls, others...~Chinese proverb#quotes #inspiration #success https:"
"Wu Ming Qigong is a healing modality that activates and unlocks the body potential to heal itself. From Tradition "
" : Climate Change Alarmists Routinely Ignore Chinese Flouting Of Paris Accords | Zero Hedge "
" hehehehe gurau jakkk... tahniah sis, baguslah kau improve chinese nanti kau nak kerja ramai majikan nak! n "
"Oh sh*t. HC cc'ed every email to a Chinese government contractor. This isn't corruption. This was literally spying "
" he is zhou yanchen !!!! he was a trainee on a chinese survival show called idol producer and yes he is very cute "
"This traitorous scum sucking chinese spy who got our cia assets murdered shouldn get a say about anything. ESAD f "
"#Chinese #chinesefood "
"5 factors driving the Chinese lawtech boom "
"  Ha! They should be helping their own people and life in the Chinese countryside is rough, th "
"Minsan na nga lang ako makakita ng mukhang  pilipino dito sa condo chinese pa rin pala!!!"
" (^^)"
" : 33. P.S. If somebody can translate this text into Vietnamese, Thai, Japanese, Chinese, and many other languages used in Germa"
"Chinese Dissidents Feel Heat of Beijing Wrath. Even in Canada. "
"   Why what happened you won't ask your elected government to punish your army or a "
" r"
" HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH, chinese ba boss mo te regg????0"
" : Happy Chinese New Year! ! "
" War der 75-J denn ein Deutscher? Die Polizei liefert diese Info in der PM jedenfalls nicht. "
" : Mga militia ang sakay ng chinese vessels na umaaligid sa pag asa island#KMItHurts "
"So I was buying a movie today and in the shop there were two Chinese dudes and they were talking about this and tha "
"Jacinda Ardern keeps quiet on comments to Chinese Government about human rights abuses | Newshub "
"  Besser als leer: ein Beschleunigungssensor der den Drop feststellt und entsprechende Dropger "
"Flight delayed after Chinese passengers throw coins for luck "
"By the way, the display name for the baby avatar account says Publishing Official in Mandarin Chinese and the use "
"#Currencies al cierre del 1/4/2019$1.12 Pound$1.31 Yen.35 Dollar$0.75 Yuan.71"
"Bahrain Walk In Client Interviews on Thursday 4th April   to 3pm. Cycle delivery Drivers Steward "
" I wonder what would be the reaction of Vietnamese/Indonesian/Malaysian of these Chinese sorrounded thei "
"Chinese students in limbo as wait for US visas stretches for months  go to the most dangerous country in the wo "
"They didn't care about emails. And you know how you know? Because if they did, they'd be up in arms right now as t "
"Dragonbear cracks showing everywhere. More telling is Russian and Chinese interests conflicting in Africa, specific "
"id::948850363880411136:Chinese Hackers Target Servers With Three Types of Malware "
" Because #China is a major economic partner of #Lyon and its companies, Thierry de  La Tour d'Artaise, CEO of the "
"    I agree there, but this is an American market, right? How big is the "
" : The provincial government says the exhibition will be launched during a cultural trade mission this spring as originally p"
"         "
". writes that the U.S. must support Taiwan but also take care not to provoke a Chinese military invasion "
"Joined 7 days ago, the Github Repo already get 152k star! Ranking the 2nd! Before the ranking system realizes. "
"   I see every time, Turkey guy American guy British guy talk about Uighur "
" Sir, do you think the Chinese have tanks somewhere around the Chushul/Demchok funnel?"
""
" Grow up #China ... Your Chinese empire is also like a Chinese toy... Not reliable!"
"Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children's porridge. "
" : you say my Huawei phone is a chinese spying device?  no, the chinese government is going to see all my messages where"
"Chinese hackers make Tesla drive into oncoming traffic (VIDEO)   World News "
"Meet the man who bet on Chinese debt "
" : Read our founding member 's article on  Day and women in Chinese society  "
""
"Till the time the fake Gandhis are heading Indira National congress, INC is never coming to power! WE HATE the chinese Gandhis"
" Ha! I was wondering why all that cheap-ass Chinese lint was blowing from her dryer vent."
"yung mga hangout places namin along home area dinodominate na rin ng chinese nationals  yung katabi kong nag-a "
"Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children's porridge - BBC News "
"  Put me on Rt 66 IC a billboard I look  lines &amp; decide to wait for next exit as it's packed a "
"   My father married my mother and he went to war in Angola and fought against "
" : ://t.co/QjrlkPrYU9"
"Op has chinese blood."
"#TVPatrol EXCLUSIVE: Manggagawang Chinese na nakunang nagtatrabaho sa isang pribadong construction site, may specia "
" Awwwwwww the wains in bed few wines and Chinese "
"The Chinese have flywheels."
" What happened with Nancy Pelosi Chinese spy/driver?  Have you initiated a Senste investigation into that?  Why not?"
"    We are paying millions to Trump owned properties like Mar-a-Lago for "
" Aur ye shameless congressi Modi ji Ko imran Khan se phone par baat karne par chhati peet rhe the. Th "
"   Yea Chinese miners is the future"
"My mother in law is perpetually trying to convince me that her Bengali style of cooking #Chinese cuisine is the aut "
" Chinese have some strange dresss sense. Notice it when I'm in my homecity."
"#ALE:  37 year old Abdullahi Adan of Toronto, named in Canada-wide arrest warrant in the alleged kidnapping of Ch "
"Chinese ships surround disputed island, Philippines files diplomatic protest "
" world worst brand and pathetic people who dont know how to take care of customer whom they are earni "
" : Canada-wide warrant issued for Abdullahi Adan, 37, of Toronto. for kidnapping, assault and forcible confinement c"
" trump and family obviously want as many security clearances as possible so that illicit, undercover and "
"Bibeau Sends Letter To Chinese Counterpart, Requests CFIA Delegation - "
" : #AvengersEndgame tickets went on sale several minutes early for the Chinese, and all the very best seats were gone when"
" You would think that their aware of the Chinese Russians and Islamic extremists camps that are popp "
"WATCH OUt has a hidden Chinese word. Take a guess.  - "
"I sure  will take this well. It not like he prone to lashing out erratically at critics on twitter o "
"me, speaking Chinese:  teachers that either understand Chinese or are from China: "
" "
"   Be ye Muntjac buck Muntjac doe'll be called Chinese  that Monbiot"
"UPDATE:  1 of 4 suspects in the alleged kidnapping of a Chinese student has turned himself in.    #YorkRegion "
" : . I raised the issue directly with the Premier and with the President. You can't do much more than that."
"Chinese promotional poster for the #DetectivePikachu movie  #pokemon "
"  In Chinese pls"
"Chinese ships surround disputed island, Philippines files diplomatic protest "
"  Why doesn the Chinese release the emails???"
" Chinese-- love020 and a love so beautiful"
"watching a chinese series on tvMom...? Mom...?*kid checking sth in computer**opens the fridge*My mom is not "
"#Vietnam arrestation  Saigon d'un Chinois avec plus de  kg d'h, correspondant  une valeur de plus de 8m "
"brilliant, twoset are chinese so they should do chinese garter in ph jusq "
" You missed out Donkeys...biggest export of Pakistan to China! it Donkeys  "
"  Chinese ASAT created 2317 pieces of trackable debris. They had no issues. India does ASA "
" :  y: one r: day s: three qi: autumn; here: year day (apart seems like) three years(said about mis"
"How To Blend Herbs + Adaptogens For Better Sleep "
"Exploiting information before it is classified, Chinese group APT40 sneaks around regulatory vulnerabilities ://t.co/L5629T5ee3"
" Not sure what you mean. I think Chinese names can be long or short, like any other language."
"  Inhone  follow kia abhi tu I saw your picture its a pinned tweet. Aapki Baat per mujhe Ch "
"Opinion | Keep the Chinese government away from 5G technology "
"2. According to a Chinese magazine review, D.O. has a lot of anti fans in China already."
"Tinggal disini Bikin mikir, chinese2 knp ya klo ngobrol sesama chinese pake bahasa yg tidak bisa dipahami sm gw?  N "
"UPDATE:  1 of 4 suspects in the alleged kidnapping of a Chinese student has turned himself in.    #YorkRegion "
"       They were warned to evacuate. They tort "
" Lahat daw ng govt contract dapat chinese ang may ari"
" Chinese ver ://t.co/Eok0lg0qk5"
" : Chinese word of the day, 2019-04-01: (su)  - (v) to possess, to own level: #HSK4://t.co/6sZiv9o5fo"
"The First Opium War, also known as the Opium War or the Anglo-Chinese War, was a series of military engagements fou "
"Chinese Lion Dance is a hard, challenging to learn, that also helps build up internal muscles, power and strength a "
"   I'm pretty sure Chinese think they're dual use technology"
"my chinese is rly poor so i cant rly understand half of what they were saying but i can defs see the revised ver ha "
"This is Washington Plan B as Huawei poised to gain major stake in 5G networks.S. officials have warned the comp "
"The silence in mainstream media on this is deafening. "
"And why Chinese only !! "
"Chinese tech giant Tencent quietly tests game streaming platform "
"Get me back to bed with a big fat Chinese !"
"With the tit-for-tat trade war between the US and China still going on, companies in industries named as important "
" : Take note &gt; As many as 275 Chinese ships and boats have been spotted this year around Thitu island, also known as Pag-asa i"
"grookey evo prediction: its gonna based on an extinct monkey, thats a pattern since gen 1. fire starters havin "
"Fancying fresh fish? Ask our wait staff what's on the menu! We use fresh produce so it's always changing. #Fish "
", active immersion (8 hours per day). 3 months to have an intermediate level of Chinese. "
" Chinese"
"solidarity with Chinese developers protesting labor violations with "
"   Gruppo Fiat  ormai in mano ai francesi, auto tedesche o francesi sig "
" :  Biden's son got a very lucrative deal with the Ukraine shortly after traveling there with his VP Dad,"
"Mom asked if I have someone na. her na I have a religious chinese muslim lover, and that he's gonna ask for my "
" : I want chinese food but its 4am"
" : The Chinese are racists. "
" : Everyone keeps saying we were building for the future. My finance head tells me that you match your cashflows. Why get an exp"
" : #PTVNEWS | PHL at China, magkatuwang sa pagsupil ng illegal Chinese workers sa PHL://t.co/J5KPSCxSYY"
"A Chinese millennial just spent $14.8 million on artwork depicting the Simpsons ---- "
" Are the Chinese looking for a battle/fight/skirmish?"
"  chinese is hard lah taktau mandarin ke hokkien ke cantonese hm takde yang kat web lain ke"
"Chinese Lumpia, Misua, Kaldereta, Pancit. Ya know it a birthday. Happy birthday, Ama! Sorry medj bad mood si A "
""
" : Colmenares: If gov doesn act on West PH Sea, we will "
"Chinese drone tech is maturing with time. Loong II UCAV is likely to become part of PAF arsenal in near future "
"Man, socks with holes in them are the worse. Like Chinese water torture for the feet."
" Both could be right, both could be wrong. But right and wrong are subjective. These options wouldn't "
" :  When will western democracies see China realistically and cut ties? The Chinese have been given a free pass"
" : Chinese Proverb: can't use paper to wrap up fire.                        #Chinese #Proverbs Quotes"
"A Chinese millennial just spent $14.8 million on artwork depicting the Simpsons - "
"Check out Great Old American Folk Art Inlaid Wood Marquetry Chinese Checkers Game Board  "
" : Chinese Proverb: out the drainpipes while the weather is good.                        #Chinese #Proverbs Qu"
" :  "
"New deputy director of Beijing liaison office makes first public remarks: Calls on Hongkongers to be patriotic, s "
"Robocall scammers are targeting Chinese consumers according to an update posted on the Federal Communications Commi "
"The launch of CEAIN in Chinese hospitals continues to be recognized in the news both in the US and in China. View "
" : 2 more Chinese #pork products test positive for African swine fever://t.co/ieYEl0Pkrd#ASF #Africanswinefever https"
"  The Filipino People have 'Faith' in the Phils. is the 'EVIL' inside du30 &amp; the chinese "
" : Because our armed forces aren as strong as Pakistan, Vietnam, or Israel. Countries like the US owe PROC billions of"
"Yesterday we hit up an Asian grocery store [primarily Korean/Chinese/Japanese foods] to stock up on snacks for our "
" : Note; the Chinese aren't taking any risks in the deals they're bringing here. Their loans are for the medium term, at market"
" : Short Film Shows NYC War On E-Bikes Through The Eyes Of Chinese Deliverymen "
"Yao Lee (Chinese singer) : Shanghai, China of birth: ://t.co/FZNtbCCbf7 "
"  1. CLC - Pounding Love (Choco bank) [2015/16]. Elkie &amp; Changsub, Minhyuk (BTOB) - After the "
" Hot Special of the Week   Chicken Curry served with Rice or a Baked Potato  "
" Joe got the Chinese Govt to give his son $1 billion to start a business. What about that?"
"Copper forgot didn't get the memo on yesterday's equity euphoria over Chinese PMIs  $HG_F"
"Keep the Chinese government away from 5G technology - The Washington Post "
"Japan chooses new imperial era of &amp;Number 39 Reiwa&amp;Number 39 from Japanese rather than Chinese "
""
"i wanna thank chinese emperors for inventing tsao style, its as messy as i am "
"Chinese President #XiJinping on Tuesday urged civil affairs authorities to focus on #poverty alleviation, special g "
" : Japan Intercepts 2 Chinese Long-Range Bombers, Spy Plane Over East China Sea "
" : Preferable Chinese speaking  "
"Beth Dawson explores how artists are 'moving past the dichotomy of Chinese constraint vs. global (particularly West "
"  "
" Same way you are doing with Venezuela now, you are driving the ball, all you pushed those poor people a "
" chinese nickname is F Q Xu~"
"    I love your work but your range of assumptions isn't wide enough. "
"Temujin becomes Chinggis Khan in 1206. Legacy contd 11 North Chinese used to conquer South Chinese 12 Gunpowder to "
"The Chinese training schools are as insensitive to the needs of kids  "
" :    Congress enjoyed tea party, you wrote them love letters..rahul gandhis mee"
" : Mihrigul Tursun survived torture and beatings in a Chinese internment camp in Xinjiang. She shared her story in a March"
"-     -      '      !!  #Chinese"
"Beth Dawson explores how artists are  past the dichotomy of Chinese constraint vs. global (particularly West "
" : Im sad and i want Chinese food but im broke WHY is the world out to get me"
"Japan Intercepts 2 Chinese Long-Range Bombers, Spy Plane Over East China Sea "
"I am full of anger when I see the leadership of the official Chinese trade union! Fuck   Do you know why? Because, "
" MOVIE SKSKSJ IDK aku tgk smpi situ je bcs it in chinese ion speak it at all xD"
"Christian persecution still happens all over the world... "
"In July, the Chinese icebreaker Xue Long 2 is to undergo ice tests in the central Arctic Ocean region. By now, the "
"Tesla killer Byton tests EVs in ice and snow -             The booming market for electric cars is home not only "
"Nakita ko narin hahaha  pala yung nakita ko"
"  Speaking of SOEs. Eskom would probably still be one if it were bought by a chinese compa "
" : #Israel #"
" : Chinese Proverb: past is as clear as a mirror, the future as dark as lacquer.                    #Chinese #Pr"
" : I thought Chinese people eat everything. Apparently they cut the line there by cochroach milk. You learn something new ever"
" "
"Ever seen a documentary on those authentic Chinese markets where the takeaway soup is served in transparent plastic "
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under? "
" saya ini Chinese pertama di kantor ini. eh, ada dua deng sama orang accounting, tp dia udh nggak disini. sebel "
"/g/"
"   Congress enjoyed tea party, you wrote them love letters..rahul gandhi "
"#NowOnAir//Chinese    //TheNextRaedShow W/ "
"  I really envy you,as a Chinese "
"The comments section is really wild. Another account purported the Red Army murdered a grandfather and confiscate "
" :   Mr. Tamminen, I'm yelling. Truth. The rich business world invests in powerful China, where it pays"
" : Ford and Great Wall get ready to meet burgeoning Chinese demand for pickups #Ford"
"Chateau de Cadillac-en-Fronsadais sold to Chinese investor "
" : Nianhuawan, a town in Lingshan Mountain of Wuxi, East China's Jiangsu province, is an ideal tourist resort that features na"
" : . What do you know about Huawei, the Chinese multinational telecommunications equipment &amp; consumer electronics manufact"
"if, say, a Chinese national came to the United States, interviewed a political activist, and asked that activist wh "
" : I ask myself if this was all done with Chinese assistance. Did he even know that he was filmed? The political technique how"
"          "
" : #greatwall #china  #chinese #asia #tourism #tourist #visiting  #travelling  #travelblog #turismo #traveler "
"Girl, I can't explain how I feel - Kim Jongdae (What is Love Chinese Ver.)  we can relate. We can't believ "
" : Chinese authorities have been accused of harassing and intimidating the Uyghur migrant community in Australia, amid a looming"
" military provocation won win any hearts or minds in Taiwan, said  "
"We been enjoying a variety of traditional Chinese dishes in Shanghai...although some of the decorative touches w "
"  Wow, this looks pretty much better than the Russian, and Chinese version, in my opinion"
"  Let not forget Biden son and his complicity with a 1B deal with the Chinese"
"Japan Intercepts 2 Chinese Long-Range Bombers, Spy Plane Over East China Sea "
" :  gem cannot be polished without friction, nor a man perfected without trials.  Chinese Proverbs #TuesdayThoughts"
"right or wrong, these two are feckless assholes that have done more to harm national security--by enabling trump--t "
"Chinese webwinkel Gearbest lekt klantdata via onbeveiligde database "
" :  1/6 Dutch, 1/6 Indian, 1/6 Thai, 1/6 Chinese, 1/6 Malay, 1/6 Eurasian - 100% moron  "
" : Be not disturbed at being misunderstood; be disturbed rather at not being understanding.~ Chinese Prover"
"Japan Intercepts 2 Chinese Long-Range Bombers, Spy Plane Over East China Sea "
" hey scotty, I have some links for the chinese statistic bureau, you can get some estimation about "
" :  Issues have been reduced to trivia:,000+ kababayans killed -number of politicos killed-number of u"
" "
" : #BecomingOz students should read this blog on Chinese newspapers in Australia "
" :  While our govt leaders are playing footsies with the Bully China, we Filipinos are left to fend for ourselve"
" : Juncker steps up his criticism of Chinese trade practices just days after Xi sought to soothe European concerns in Paris ht"
" : Rumour spreading on Chinese social media : SEC is going to pass Bitcoin ETF#bitcoin "
"Steel ladder to connect cliff-top Chinese village with outside world  "
"    Please Mr  send us the new version, with chinese caract "
"  Isn he the chinese cheater who use bots to appear on itunes chart?"
"   Pag asa senado na sya, he will only help Duterte kill more people (pro-EJK s "
"Handelsverbod VS kost Chinese telecomfabrikant ZTE 925 miljoen euro "
"   And, those are just the Europeans  ideas. Besides NASA, I am sure th "
" : Chinese action shows dismay over warming Taiwan-U.S. ties: expert://t.co/81KoV8zxKT "
"Taiwanese horror game Devotion vanishes from Steam after angry Chinese gamers find Winnie the Pooh meme "
"Chinese hackers make Tesla drive into oncoming traffic (VIDEO) "
" : Chinese military provocations won't win Taiwanese hearts: Bolton://t.co/DPjwiHJj6N "
"#Hisense tra i 10 brand cinesi pi importanti al mondo . Lo testimonia il prestigioso #BrandZ Top 50 Chinese Global "
"  Parang Chinese ata gusto eh"
" Somehow my google is sometimes on chinese so i get them too, but just take the pics which are regular"
""
" : 1/ The Russian government is expected to offer the #PLAAF an export variant of the Sukhoi #Su57 fighter aircraft... in the"
" : UEC must be understood from the historical context.  who makes decision?...the government offered all schools,"
" : ODA (Loans): hold more than 40% of all the ODA in Philippines, if those from Japan based ADB are added, it becomes 6"
"Beijing may assist in case of Chinese-American scholar in Iranian prison "
" Plus I don want no knock-off ,bootleg shyt! look at how Dey did Rihanna wit her rip-off Fenty Beauty "
" : I wonder what my life would be like if I were Chinese. Chinese Jesse."
"Outstanding Chinese Restaurant Returns to London After Brief Hiatus: "
" :  go to new chinese Tik Tok account"
" Colors CHINESE LIST://t.co/gLzfDlCOHy#fmcocolo765 "
" Chinese instructions- transliteration on a Mop. Reads like manual on biochemical warfare! "
"When the Japanese slaughtered the Chinese...we rescued them...then they killed our young men in Korea....ungrateful "
" : The paper highlights what many have said. The Chinese are not interested in technology transfer - even when they say they are"
" Ye sab Chinese mil kar pure Pakistan ka halala karne wale hain bc   plan hai mc"
"Police called on Chinese couple for keeping thousands of bees in high-rise "
"The Trump administration to adopt updated and stricter laws to better protect Chinese people."
"Diplomats and activists denounced intense Chinese lobbying, pressure and even threats to rein in criticism of Beiji "
"I think with the release of  manifesto nationalism, national pride &amp; national security have to limelight a "
"I've found this on Serebii, it's the Chinese  poster. What do you think of that? "
" : My story 'Taste the Whip' (originally published at Diabolical Plots) has been translated into Chinese by the inimitable Lad"
"Huduma number is a Chinese idea, same thing they did to Nigeria. like the affordable housing in Angola and th "
" : ASAT is a game changer.  No less important than the nuclear test. Global multipolarity got more refined. No agreement or trea"
"#BharatBoleModiModi kyoki Congress and Chinese Gandhi family deshdrohi hai, anti-hindu hai"
"We will be running the April Networking Event in 10 days. Our expert speaker this month Howard , Editor-in-Chief of "
" : Government is the biggest gang"
" Bryan long time no see my Chinese friend"
" When will western democracies see China realistically and cut ties? The Chinese have been given a fre "
" : #Interest Singaporean Man Gets Results With 30-Day One Punch Man Workout Routine  One Punch Man's Saitama follows a simple work"
""
" : Chiayi country magistrate: in 2014 (Han Kuo-yu-led) Taipei ag marketing co signed MOU w Chinese firm to sell it 20,000 Alishan"
"India lashes out on Chinese solar gear company for breach of contract.  more details here: "
"Big Tuesday plans: I will be eating Chinese food"
"A continuation of China Gray Zone Operations involving their maritime militia. Need to blacken or whiten the Gray "
"  They aired you out IESA BOY. How long have you Halvorssen, Guaido, and Abrams been "
" BLOODZ BOI vs mainstream Chinese emo-rap. Let the battle begin."
" Nice!"
"Turns out The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild is officially available in Chinese. I'm so not used to this w "
"Most of the plantations have Chinese backing and are accused of stealing land, damaging the environment and violat "
"Reminder that while Democrats clutch their pearls over this nothing burger WH security clearance story (every admin "
" : Sheng Xue is a celebrated Chinese-Canadian activist, if you speak English. If you speak Mandarin, she is one of the mo"
"April Networking Event will be in 10 days. This month our speaker Howard , Chief Editor of BBC Chinese will share a "
" : In Malaysia, the largely Muslim Bumiputeras lag economically behind ethnic Chinese and Indians. One citizen is adding hi"
"Chinese firefighters contain forest fire after 30 dead "
" Chinese government will provide disincentives for people that buy #gasoline &amp; #diesel vehicles and incentives "
"     23         "
"   Most Indians have immigrated to Canada so look for Canadian fighters they be Indian or Chinese"
"Amid strengthening political ties with China, Italy gives the go-ahead to repatriate 800 Chinese cultural artifacts "
" "
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat? "
"Here are 10 reasons why you should study Chinese Mandarin://t.co/5mQ2dC38ZD#collegenews #studyabrodinchina "
"Chinese Etymology For The Chinese Character  #chinesecharacters #chineseetymology #etymology #chinese "
"Women hold up half the sky. ~Chinese proverb "
"  Please do. The Chinese can't wait for this."
" This has got to be a piss take right? Some kind of throwback to DDR, Chinese or North Korean state fund "
"Can #ChinesePhilanthropy alleviate global poverty? Join us  this Friday, Apr 5 for a discussion w/ "
"U.S. is not leveraging it's support for Taiwan against China in a way beneficial for us &amp; Taiwan. El Salvador has d "
" :  Chinese term for breath, Qi also means life, power, vitality, and energy. The word in the NT usually translated Holy"
"  Mr. Tamminen, I'm yelling. Truth. The rich business world invests in powerful China, where it p "
" : National Poetry Month, Day 2: Chinese New Year by Lynda Hull.://t.co/KaEhbr2fZy#NationalPoetryMonth #LyndaHull h"
"Plan's VLOG sub Chinese and English subtitles finished and uploaded. vlog "
"  "
"chinese girl get fucked with smile  "
"Korean food, Chinese food,milktea,lasagna pizza,garlic bread burger at marami pang iba Hahahaha puro pagkain e di nakikinig sa klase"
" "
"   "
"If only the Chinese had Van Dijk, the Mongolian army will not have brought down the great Wall of China, if only th "
" Dr Rizwan,  for money Chinese will sell anything.  They can get a lot of women to get married from "
"i saw someone did it and i wanted to try,, and apparently i say virgos taurus and chinese to much ??? ?? ? "
"Take note &gt; As many as 275 Chinese ships and boats have been spotted this year around Thitu island, also known as P "
"Taiwan will forcefully expel PLA warplanes next time: Tsai Ing-wen "
" 1.5 lac chinese debris vs 400 by india.  Really ?"
"It's so evil that Dinbak is nearby Asia. And everything happened in Cantonia where it must be bad. Maybe Cantonia i "
"Chinese ships  by in disputed waters must leave after filing of diplomatic protest  Palace "
"The Coalition are paranoid thinking they been spied on by Korean, Chinese and Indonesian technology therefore Sc "
"Absolute #MustListen podcast with , one of the best #SinoAfrica follows out there. If you are curious a "
" : Mama, Wolf, Growl, MID, Overdose, Exodus Suho Chi, LMR, SFY Baekhyun Chinese ver, Monster, Lucky One, Lotto, For Life, KKB"
"Anyone have any music recommendations? I'm getting tired of listening to Reol and Chinese Football at work"
" clip s black women izlesex masturbation and pornography katherine boecher nude fakes chinese hardcore sex and gi "
"Those chinese eyesssss hehe cute mo talaga pag nagsmile kaaa"
" : China is like parasite in our country.  Tingnan nyo ginawa ng mga instik. Binigyan nila ng galis ang Pinas. Kinalbo at"
" :   Moody just comment ted that the slowing of the Chinese economy will make this budget unac"
" Speed Post service in Jabalpur is the worst. They can't locate simple address. my address was writ "
"my dad gave me some chinese medicine and look at the size of them wtf "
"  Helo, TikTok,       - Amarujala "
"  Dude ,it's you who are an idiot ...And China has been doing it since they were not even "
"Nakikipaglaro ako ng Chinese Garter sa mga kapatid kong maliliit at nagmumukha lang akong katawa-tawa. "
"Ink Cake, 19th Century #chineseart #cmaopenaccess "
" : #Donghae &amp; #Eunhyuk bullying the chinese translator  : I'm hungry! : I'm hungry!  : I want to go to the"
"Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children's porridge "
" 737 Max  FAA  "
"Wow, how did China get so strong?  Maybe it started from the  Duo in the white house during the 90?  Tha "
" : Maszlee on private chinese college fund: urusan MOF on school vaccination: urusan MOH on"
"Chinese New Year - Weather in: "
" : Listen to #Acupuncture Point with  on   How #cannabis use can lead to serious medical illness, ho"
"Pushing back against Chinese revisionism in the South China Sea will require an international effort that Washingto "
"Japan chooses new imperial era of 'Reiwa' from Japanese rather than Chinese source for first time "
"      Need to follow Chinese policy &amp; ban both... don't kno "
"   4 - Komemoracija smrti Isusa Krista:  18. travnja 2019., nakon zalaska sunca:: "
"  Schiff's own clearance is a national embarrassment. He's no better than Feinstein's Chinese driver."
"Chinese city offers cash incentives to informants on illegal religious groups://t.co/7CpzzjDofI"
"  the effort, oh my korean, chinese and now japanese version"
" "
" "
" "
"Le salut de la fin des temps | Louange du R le ch chinois  5 | L' DE LA DESCENTE DU R "
"Odion #Ighalo: Nigeria star reveals FC Barcelona snub &amp; explains motive for Chinese Super League stay#FCBarcelona "
"4 - Komemoracija smrti Isusa Krista:  18. travnja 2019., nakon zalaska sunca:: "
"At the Global Strategy Forum seminar on China-UK relations at the  Minister Chen Wen from the Chinese Emb "
"i think i have to share some popular  emo rap music to you that you know why they don understand what i "
"Apple gives way to Chinese censorship and 'clears' the flag of Taiwan "
"But i'm proud to be Kristen and Chinese"
" :  night NOT"
" :   They consulted her Russian chauffeur, already?   Oh wait.  Mueller says no. So, make that a"
" : At  for symposium on corporate social responsibility, with case studies on, e.g., North Korean forced labour"
" Hi, you sended me an email in chinese, can you tell me what is this about? thanks"
"2 more Chinese #pork products test positive for African swine fever://t.co/ieYEl0Pkrd#ASF #Africanswinefever "
"Chinese kindergarten teacher detained after allegedly poisoning 23 children - CNN #SmartNews  "
"  They consulted her Russian chauffeur, already?   Oh wait.  Mueller says no. So, make "
"  More chins than a Chinese phone book and its laughing at others "
"wishing myself good luck for my first chinese speaking exam in half an hour aaaaaaaa"
"Seriously tho, why does  keep forgetting about Hope/The Wasp??? she's not on the chinese poster "
"The Chinese are racists. "
" :   What option do I have ?Take expired or fake Chinese poison ,anyway my vote never count and neither d"
"Chinese viewers balk at  Rhapsody film censorship - Bellingham Herald "
" The Japanese have excellence, while the Chinese are crooks who like shortcuts. Africa should have approac "
" Shet. Tall Chinese guy. I remember. Napadpad siya diyan sa inyo?"
"chinese / korean movies ?"
" :  "
"Spicy Beef Noodle Soup://t.co/Vz2fpmX7kQ#sanfrancisco #chinatown #travelphotography #vacationmode #noodles "
"50 Chinese vocabs lisod naman gani unya 10 years ko ga tuon og Chinese... unsa nalang kaha 150 Korean vocabs nya us "
"Chinese mother knows this. YG You have a boil. You know that Lisa has a Chinese mother. You scoff at them. Be caref "
" Should keep the CCP away from any communication equipment, hence no Chinese brand phones, computer "
" : There are one million Chinese Muslims detained by China in camps. China believes religion is a disease so these Muslim"
"   "
" : Myth: 'Islamophobia isn't a real phenomenon':- 50 Muslims were massacred by a white terrorist in New Zealan"
"Potential big gains in Chinese stocks "
" : US military provocations won't win hearts and minds in China, they will only strengthen the resolve of Chinese government a"
" "
" I remember when I first started I learned the word  and if you look up the kanji  in an English "
"dahil may chinese at japanese version na ang oh my, pwede din bang may tagalog version nun? HAHAHAHAHA CHAROT"
" : Por qu no se lo recomend a tus curas ped, Francisco cara de verga. "
" "
" : Short summary for : 'Japan Intercepts 2 Chinese Long-Range Bombers, Spy Plane Over East China Sea'://t.c"
"B.A CHINESE STUDIES  #Unilag2018Convocation "
"Victoria Song was born in Qingdao, Shandong. She left her hometown at a very young age to study Chinese traditional "
"I like how I lied to myself last night thinking that if I made two peanut butter &amp; jelly sandwiches for lunch the e "
" Kala mo naman mga virgin tong mga to.. Pero sa chinese invasion, no comment lang.. Mga indenial at "
"Short summary for : 'Japan Intercepts 2 Chinese Long-Range Bombers, Spy Plane Over East China Sea'://t.co/Tc60Q8hflt"
" They were in the low-cost section. So low cost that they probably arrived at Birmingham airport yester "
"WIDER IMAGE-Chinese boxer trounces stereotypes, depression to become 'Queen of the Ring'. #China"
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat? #crypto #fed #recession://t.co/cjUTISHBsS "
" : #AIR TRANSPOATION: Chinese C-17 Diversifies "
" Chinese characters are used in Japanese (Kanji), Korean (Hanja), and Vietnamese (Chunom). if you can "
"This thread is abt Chinese legend that has many possible meanings on reading it but theres #DisabilityRights readin "
" plz ban tik tok in india this chinese app are violent"
" : "
"  #"
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat? "
"Thank God they don't have a gun problem. ://t.co/jVUZeV4sSZ"
"so oh my has 3 versions, korean chinese japanese"
"you say my Huawei phone is a chinese spying device?  no, the chinese government is going to see all my messages "
" : How to Cheer Someone Up in Mandarin Chinese When They Feeling Down? Full video  #encourage"
" "
" : Between 399 and 414 AD Chinese Buddhist pilgrim Faxian visited Gilgit Baltistan , while in 6th century AD , the ki"
" 709# # # # ##709  # #  "
" How do other counties acknowledge intelligence? (Such as the Chinese recognize a Genius as someone who "
"Chinese one child policy led to fall in female population.. fall shall sooner or later be compensated from P "
"What the fuck is this??? We are a disease on this fucking planet. government : STOP yulin festival! "
"Western companies can have a hard time breaking into the Chinese market, which is why  is putting on an i "
" workers: I am not proud, I just want to say: fuck! intelligence: China's H "
"#PTVNEWS | PHL at China, magkatuwang sa pagsupil ng illegal Chinese workers sa PHL://t.co/J5KPSCxSYY"
" : Babe is now a graduate .A Chinese Studies!!  #Unilag2018Convocation #unilag "
"Chinese Daisy"
"What languages do you speak?  Fluently? Singlish xD I've had 12 years of compulsory Chinese learning. And Eng "
"chinese cowboy: neehaw "
"Nigerian TV isn't very white, Krishnan. Chinese TV isn't very white, Krishnan. Papua New Guinea TV isn't very white "
"Japan Intercepts 2 Chinese Long-Range Bombers, Spy Plane Over East China Sea  "
"   "
"Time to catch up to Adorable Food Goddess://t.co/IlDNo1Fhlj"
"Lubos lubosin muna kay basig di naka kakaon ana kay di na nya ta kapangisda ug bongga tungods imong chinese friends "
" This is the plan cuz Americans have historically used their nation as a wife farm, they are mad, they want "
" : Gara Lama (1865-1936), a prominent lama from Riwoche, was the younger brother of the 7th Riwoche Jedrung. he attracted"
" Hello~ am an admin from TXT Chinese First Fansite. We are an fansite on Weibo. we want to let "
" Touch 'N' Play sounds really dirty. XD, I didn't know there was a My Japanese Coach, though I'm no "
"8:24am &amp; allll i want is Chinese food "
" : [W]hen a [#mining] company leaves [due to #NGO pressure], Chinese investors arrive, and the capacity for developing countries"
" :  ://t.co/XODW7WNJF6"
"  Were in the same boat I think, China was basically just an example. I 100% for SOE "
"THIS! Don't forget the random early arrivals because you ate Chinese or had a gin and tonic the night before. "
"Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning of 23 kindergarteners on children at China's schools are often deadl "
" : Defense Intelligence Agency Officer Spied for Chinese as Part of  to Trump://t.co/LVqnUDLXNt"
"BBC News  -  "
"all of my 5 years of formal mandarin language education was all just to prepare me for the moment a random old Chin "
"Since today's Chinese have no outright restrictions on where they can live, you might think that there would be no "
""
"$13T Chinese Bond Market Makes Debut on Major Global Index #ETF #tracker"
" : stans not letting idols have an identity outside of the group is so ugly and the fact that he can't be a PROUD CHINESE MAN be"
" : Summer 2019 in illegally occupied Tibet theatre: noted a few days ago, of Chinese activities, in Tibet "
"Nigeria striker Odion Ighalo has revealed why he rejected the chance to join  in order to remain in the "
" Heard there's a Chinese medical ship sitting nearby Venezuela? They only do that if a war is eminent."
" that because Nihonggo can use kanji (Chinese characters)."
" Diba! Kala mo naman mga virgin tong mga toh. Pero sa chinese invasion no comment. Haaay...."
" :   is it that no one reported on which Chinese firm hacked Crooked bathroom server? anyone be"
"Winter Settles on Chinese Universities  "
" My friend thought she needed to cut down on the Chinese takeaway when she called and they said Hi E "
" One try "
" : Chinese fans mimicked  's performance of 22 at the Billboard Music Awards. "
" : Why was Jacinda dressing like this with Chinese officials, when Tarrant (mosque shooter) expressly said the government h"
" "
" I'm curious if you plan to region lock this game or create an Asia server due to the recent influx of Chi "
" : "
"  There 5 Members to mellow UNSC, in effect however, one is enough to exhaust the council. In thi "
"Yo  great job with the latest update guys, game is way more balanced and the client performance is great. If o "
" Hello~ am an admin from TXT Chinese First Fansite. We are an fansite on Weibo. we want to "
" : my car breakdown at BH petrol pump pukul 10 malam. and this chinese uncle trying to help me tengok-tengok kereta but cant"
" :  collect your stars  CHINESE and ENGLISH articles are up now! #ACE # #VOTUS #CHOICE"
"This week, the panel made headlines after it reportedly directed Chinese gaming company Beijing Kunlun Tech to div "
". Ryan - thanks for the follow we been told that  will be translated into Chinese by "
" : Even Moody say this is a  #FakeSurplus with the Chinese economy slowing down"
"With the Tigers home opener approaching......I recall the words of that great Chinese teacher and philosopher Confu "
" That will not happen D. Rizwan.  The Chinese men are marrying these beautiful women to sell them in "
"I'm at Mala Chinese Bbq Restaurant in Bangkok "
", single in Chinese is what? "
"Can you atomize your experiences to reach excluded segments?  #newsletter #innovationoftheday Shangri "
" all these mixed with French - Chinese - Foufould I understand why am dead already "
" :  Why does your wife need Chinese trademarks for voting machines? "
"I am learning in #english and #korean,so if you need help in #learning #chinese can write something in chinese "
"god overdose chinese vers just be hittin it different"
"Chinese grater HAHAHHAAHHAHAHAH I kennat"
" Look better in the window of the Chinese!"
"Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning of 23 kindergarteners on children at China's schools are often deadl "
" : Guangdong Province (economy the size of Indonesia) bans poaching of wild birds (which is illegal anyway). Perhaps more"
"Translating my primary source material all day has me now dreaming in Chinese! I've only dreamed in Chinese once or "
"Latest: Trailer released for China first large-scale plant documentary  Journey of Chinese Plants "
" PM Modi will ruin Chinese companies in its next turn (2019-24) by banning China products import in "
" ://t.co/XODW7WNJF6"
" Hello~ am an admin from TXT Chinese First Fansite. We are an fansite on Weibo. we want to "
" (  `)"
"Milton Daniels Bishop: Chinese Firefighters Contain Forest Fire After 30 ... "
"#  #SkiJumping  "
"      Ping could do the job. The Chinese w "
" :  Maybe the Democrats should ask Dianne feinstein why she had a Chinese spy working for her for 20 years, don't seem"
" Time for more  jokers to be handed Katoras and asked to beg borrow or steal from Saudis, Ch "
" We no longer need to know who the Chinese want selected"
" : Police identify one of the suspects in abduction of Chinese student "
" : Dr. Jeremy Taylor will be presenting  , 'The fascist aesthetics of Chinese wartime nationalism: Wan"
" According to Hanyu Dacidian,  can at least be traced back to the following paragraph in the 4th centu "
"Chinese government : STOP yulin festival! - Sign the Petition! "
"It is best that Xingjiang remains under the Chinese boot heel, I don't dispute that "
" HAHAHAHA! Gaga, sika deta ne. 30K+ sweldom miss Chinese Gen. "
"Apparently this isn even obtainable unless you have a friend in the Chinese government.  Fml ganbai   "
" : Police called on Chinese couple for keeping thousands of bees in high-rise #viralchina"
" : Apple company slashed product prices on its Chinese website on Monday after tax cuts. An iPhone XS that used to cost $1,220(shs"
"  Don't worry about Kashmir, or India. We are a strong Democracy. Worry about internal situation in "
"Citibank 1/2: #AUD: Recent data has shown some green shoots that could signal better quarterly GDP average growth o "
"- that led to Chinese banks laundering stolen money for North Korea."
"modoc sucker spread: the Chinese of Bhutan can't resist this natural compote #homemade"
"  "
" : In Antarctica there are no police. Instead scientists inspect bases of their neighbours to ensure rules are respected: no mi"
"Final afternoon having very tasty Chinese for lunch followed by walking around China Town. Excellent.  eating lunc "
"  This needs to get retweet it as many times as possible! Not only is Joe Biden involve "
" : Uyghur woman details life inside Chinese 're-education camp' in Xinjiang - ABC News "
" : Chinese Dissidents Feel Heat of Beijing Wrath. Even in #Canada . -  escaped Tiananmen Square in China,  thought I"
"I did not realize he had been found://t.co/mueHBSQYmf "
"  "
"Missing in Xinhua Tibet report debate is the q of why we extend the benefit of the doubt exclusively to a foreign r "
"Christmas:   Governor Calls Saudi Arabian Prince Chinese Torture Victim"
" :  and Russian languages already on site!  2 was started!"
" "
" : Blackwater Mercenary Prince Has a New $1 Trillion Chinese Boss "
" :   Chinese fans will love and support Perth forever "
"China is still importing huge amounts of oil. New refining capacity coming online. Global refining maintenance seas "
"Say it in Chinese!: F ()#onedayoneword#chineselanguage#learnchinese #learnmandarin "
"  Bakit hindi salvo of canon firings tulad ginagawa ng vietnam, indonesia at korea vs intru "
"just an observation. it appears, i think, maybe, probably, that seunghyub particularly, is gaining a lot of chinese stans "
" : ..children were rushed to hospital after eating their morning porridge at the kindergarten in Jiaozuo..://t.co/yR4g"
" 737 Max  FAA  "
"  Oh are you saying there are no rich white male democrats??? Bernie, who became rich while "
"Why the 2019 Chinese GP won't be the 1,000th F1 race "
"Police called on Chinese couple for keeping thousands of bees in high-rise #viralchina"
"I wish to make money quickly, the only issue I am having is being bad at Chinese and I can't enroll the foreigner's "
" : Despite those warnings, the Chinese fighter jets continued their incursion for about 10 minutes  unusual compared to ear"
" Y cu es el rol del alcalde   en todo esto? Hacer charlitas de difusi de valores, poner "
" She be the one in a Chinese restaurant when the bill arrives and everyone agrees just split it  I didn have rice "
" : Chinese feedings off 40%. -  Today's second hour of #AgriTalk with  and  with perspect"
" : You really have no clue about Chinese history, do you? "
"  I HAVE A REAL JOB RAND!! IM NOT A WHITE SUPREMACIST DELIVERING CHINESE FOOD ACROSS THE OUTBACK ON A RUSTY BICYCLE!"
"L'appel de Dieu | Louange du R le ch chinois  11 | Louange et Adoration | L' DE LA DESCENTE D "
" : Chinese scientists discover link between intestinal health and autism "
"Chinese hackers make Tesla drive into oncoming traffic (VIDEO)   World News "
" -prettyyyy-siya una ko naging close sa chinese class nung new students pa kami hihi-solid, sharer "
" I love oxtail bus sometimes chinese ribs bang"
"Kung magsalita si Dominguez kala mo siya magbabayad ng utang e. Kapal ng mukha mo. "
"Things really are getting interesting arnt they... Russians, Chinese... maybe I was wrong, maybe they really can pr "
"..children were rushed to hospital after eating their morning porridge at the kindergarten in Jiaozuo.. "
" "
" : Bring Anna home Chinese food from the mall after working out, orange chicken noodles and rice.**"
" : Brilliant work yesterday by  introducing #StandardAmerican and having fun! #Liverpool #Chinese #actress "
" : Chinese Stocks  higher on Friday $BABA $NIO $IQ $FHL $PDD "
"  Please add HOPE/THE WASP to the chinese poster. She deserves to be there too!"
"  ka-Golden  ching chong na bagsak sa Chinese class mahilig magluto ng kung ano ano  chill sa "
" :  birds are called  in China, and it the love birds in Chinese cultures. "
" : A wise man makes his own decisions. An ignorant man follows public opinion. - Chinese Proverb "
"  No, I think they don't have the ability to fight a war now. Whole point is to let China "
"im watching idol room with chinese subs wow finally i find chinese important"
"CHINESE FOOD FACTS! you know brewed TEA is a staple beverage in Chinese Culture#longcheng  #chinesefoodfacts "
"Even Moody say this is a  #FakeSurplus with the Chinese economy slowing down"
"  Don't forget Lay broke so many SM records too..like also singing Chinese song in official broadcasting system."
"So there's also a Chinese trailer with some new footage. I'm currently checking the legality of posting it but here "
"Homemade Chinese so delicious! , Fried Rice, Veggies in Schezwan Sauce, Veg Oats Noodles and Chicken Dim "
"when you only know like 5 chinese words "
" "
"My first time cooking Chinese food and it was Bomb! Chicken stir fry, bourbon chicken, and fried rice  "
"Gamble for the Strasbourg terror attack has been traced to Chinese hackers working for the prevention of cardiovascular disease?"
" : It less likely that RU will set up a mil or naval base in Djibouti bc of US &amp; Chinese bases there, though they are tr"
"Chinese kindergarten teacher detained after allegedly poisoning 23 children - CNN #SmartNews"
" Is the chinese version censored? The game's box art is religious imagery"
"..children were rushed to hospital after eating their morning porridge at the kindergarten in Jiaozuo.. "
"Can wait to get back to Newcastle just so a can have a big fat Chinese "
"  Wait really? I knew all this bars and chinese stan have solo stan mentality but hate ht? "
"  Something something Chinese new year"
"   Also, competition speeds progress.  am no fan of the Chinese gover "
" I will try watch for first time. I've watched all Chinese Male ones so gonna try Korean ones."
"#AUTO - The cover story for the first edition of AUTO in 2019 is given over to the 1000th Grand Prix in the history "
"  No. We wont. you want to use Spyware that is working for the Chinese government go "
" Ich frage mich bei sowas auch immer ob ein Verbrechen irgendwie besser w wenns n Deutscher gewes "
"  What option do I have ?Take expired or fake Chinese poison ,anyway my vote never count and neit "
"Congratulations on the opening of Villo Germany GmbH, subsidiary of Dongguan VILLO Environmental Corp., "
"one chinese colleague asked me what is the meaning of AstagfirullahalAzim..I googled and tell him straight way"
"Carmen Pat and I got married right out of college and we learned that being a Christian means trusting God with our "
" : China secret ASAT laser base revealed through commercial imagery "
" :  "
" : I'll be talking with  about this op-ed he authored w/  this hour: "
"Snuff Bottle, 1644-1912 #chineseart #museumarchive "
" : Craig-598 On Working Like A Dog; Long Meetings, And Ordering Everything On The Menu At A Chinese Restaurant In! h"
" : Shanghai-based Human Horizons has revealed a new concept, the Concept U. The chairman of Chinese electric vehicle and mobili"
"  wow, offensive to chinese servants, lumping them all in with lb3..."
"We have nice girl working in Top spa Korean Chinese Japeses Taiwan  Vietnam biack girl working in. Top spa -748 "
"ESTEBAN: Chinese, 18-19. A bit past her prime. No nudity. $500 total."
"Chinese Greek? "
"larong pinoy pero may chinese garter?"
" : Fucking white knight faggot CUCKS demanding more women in Crypto shit will never get you laid yo autist"
" : Chinese prosecutors order arrest of former top energy official in bribery case "
"#year #2012 #chinese #zodiac #zodiacsign #years://t.co/vrD7Og4Uk0"
"I'm selling on the Bay of e again and got these really neat Chinese baoding balls listed if any of you are into tha "
" : Remember the old Chinese proverb: The best time to plant a tree is 20 years ago "
"5 factors driving the Chinese lawtech boom "
" The chinese guy sis? :3"
"  any private company except a chinese one."
"  No it was done by Ancient Chinese themselves. Purging of Buddhism was done and cele "
" The political context in 1864 was vastly different from now, with a coalition forming against the Bakuf "
"Say no to Chinese gadgets. #BoycottChineseProducts "
" :           "
"hallmark of quality filipino-chinese education so random ganahan lang ko ana na line sa chong hua bye"
" : I raised the issue directly... You can't do much more than that.- NZ PM 's weaksauce comments on #China's X"
" "
" : Wangchuan Villa (Restored Chinese Artwork) High quality prints on metal, canvas, or photo paper. Also: device cases, cl"
"Ni kama the Chinese made him swear to keep Kenyans in the shackles of poverty #SurvivingSamGichuru "
" Namaste do you speak chinese?"
" More chins than a Chinese phone book #oink"
"PH protests presence of Chinese boats near Pag-asa "
" :   Hocam kayna tam teyit edemem ama 2019-2030 y aras platform  ve "
"Anyone in Liverpool fancy a Chinese? "
" : FYI. If anyone wants to make a stand against China. I'll remind you that #syngenta is Chinese state owned, #chemchina. Just c"
" 709# # # # ##709  # #  "
"Engelbert KaempferHe argues that the Japanese have a separate ethnic origin from the Chinese and claims they desc "
"10 Remarkable Women in Chinese "
"PH protests presence of Chinese boats near Pag-asa "
" Maybe the Democrats should ask Dianne feinstein why she had a Chinese spy working for her for 20 years, don't "
" : 7. Ni view dari resort dan tempat makan yay  , dah macam bukan malaysia , omputeh and chinese je dekat sini hahahaah . S"
"Chinese vessels malapit sa Pag-Asa Islands. dapat ng magsi-alis, ayon sa Malakanyang. | via "
" : Bejing's coordinated campaign to undermine Taiwan's democracy is unacceptable. Taiwan shares our desire for a free and op"
"Foxconn and any other major tech manufacturers should shy away from China's increasingly expensive and aging labor, "
"Shanghai-based Human Horizons has revealed a new concept, the Concept U. The chairman of Chinese electric vehicle a "
"   The Gvt needs to assess  Businesses in S.A not only blacks but Chine "
"What Are the Chinese Doing In Wellington, CO? CSS-Paul Martin "
" :  So and so has too many suspect foreign contacts.&gt;Signed off on literal known Chinese and Iranian agents"
"My sister has just informed me that there's a new Ben in Eastenders. Getting a joke now. Not even trying to match e "
"#lunch #dimsum from  ...#mcr #manchester #foodie #foodstagram #food #british #masterchef "
" : Lifestyle Review: Kwoklyn Wan's genius Chinese Cook Book is a must for every home!   #NothingBut"
"Remember the old Chinese proverb: The best time to plant a tree is 20 years ago "
"Climate Change Alarmists Routinely Ignore Chinese Flouting Of Paris Accords "
" So and so has too many suspect foreign contacts.&gt;Signed off on literal known Chinese and Iranian agents"
" : Learn English And Mandarin With Kpop  #LearnEnglish #English #Mandarin #LearnMandarin #"
"Police identify one of the suspects in abduction of Chinese student "
"Cyril Ramaphosa is slowly but surely becoming a Chinese girl Selling SAns out for the mighty Yen! "
" : Keytruda bags Chinese approval for 1L treatment of metastatic #nonsquamous #NSCLC. Stay abreast with clinical developm"
"The blinding brightness of the whiteness of the elephant has surprised me, especially the bit where the Chinese are "
"also take a look or read this article about a Chinese vessel dredging in Lobo, Batangas without having a legal perm "
"Jake should give a talk on chinese food robots "
"  One more 'Russia expert' equating Russian &amp; Chinese elections "
" Nope, i think I lose my chinese"
" : Really excited to share my #podcast with , an education entrepreneur who is replicating her US experience for a nex"
"  Please add Hope/The Wasp to the chinese poster. She deserves to be there too!"
"  Hocam kayna tam teyit edemem ama 2019-2030 y aras platform  "
" :   Zhao is reacting this way because china is used to being the bully &amp; not the one being bullied?"
" :  That what the Chinese lady at Mar A Lago said."
"Mishka the Talking Husky wants Chinese Food!  Dog Talking . . . "
"i'm so sick of south korea, i need a comeback of my chinese idols to distract myself :((((("
"i thought he was chinese at first. but he is melayu la omg ingat kpop mana la pulak kan  jaw line dh mcm iKON Bobb "
"Woke up craving Chinese food "
" Not to mention the Chinese deals he and the  kid landed while  was doing govt business in China..."
"Seventeen bilingual song:   for english verse released asap "
"The ancient practice of Chinese social networking #Systemsleaders #change"
"2019 Newest A2 TV BOX Well as HTV5 Chinese/HongKong/Taiwan Live TV IPTV 4K "
" If 5,500 of us pitched in $10 ea to buy him lunch, &amp; we were mostly Chinese, he might accept the invitation to have a chat."
" For clarification for those who don't get this: he means the Chinese THEATER."
" : Chinese high-security jail puts AI monitors in every cell  make prison breaks impossible "
" : ://t.co/flYkY6Xqr1"
" "
" : Confucius Institutes receive funding directly from the Chinese government to promote Chinese studies at American colleg"
"Not the  seats but still not the front section!! TO THE TCL CHINESE THEATRE!!"
" :  [the Taiwanese govt] finds a way to censor what they consider fake news without a legitimate legal process..they use"
"Reality is, Chinese people know what they see. Japanese right wingers and die-hards remain in denial of their histo "
" Enforcement for China? Send all their students home- don allow anymore and shut down the boutique "
" : Bit surprised to see Pep Guardiola on Saturday Kitchen this morning celebrating Chinese New Year. "
"Really excited to share my #podcast with , an education entrepreneur who is replicating her US experience "
" like china food in microwave commercial.  Every have to act Chinese..."
" : A coffin ceremony recognizing the #remains of Chinese #KoreanWar soldiers was held in Incheon, South Korea, on Monday. T"
" : This #thread sums up my feelings about working for a Chinese media outlet better than I could have done myself. "
"Daily  Chinese learning (6:00-6:30PM): Conversation   "
" : ://t.co/DCgK008loT "
"Dahil gaya gaya ako  similar are we?? pts- iKON (ultz) pts- loves to eat pts- loves watching dramas "
" Aye...most of my recommendations lately are either:. cute Chinese ladies cooking or making stuff "
"  Moody just comment ted that the slowing of the Chinese economy will make this budget unachievable"
" :   Remember when Democrat Socialist VP Biden helped his son, Hunter, former drug addict who was"
" : Alibaba President Mike Evans: The Chinese consumer is a very young, very smart and wealthy group of consumers. They do e"
" :   Ebile Ke lekgowa or Chinese, we r in trouble"
"aaaaaaang sarap niya surprisingly  chinese five spice "
" : We are thrilled to upload the complete video of last month's streaming talk/Q&amp;A with . This was a fantastic pres"
" : Stanford Libraries'  is proud to share in the announcement of a new publication by   of The Ch"
"kahit chinese words talaga siya HAHAHAHA "
" : My bro is Adili Yimingniyazi (37,10 year prison),my step moth is Tuhan maimaiti (44,10 years) my cousins are Yusup Zayiti (3"
" Hahahaha oh oy hahahaha lingaw ta bahalag hadlok charot hahahaha lingaw man ko ato. Ikaw? Hahahahah "
"My colleagues have falsely proposed  that the Chinese Room cannot account for consciousness #consciousness"
"#B38M Europese en Chinese luchtvaartautoriteiten gaan een eigen veiligheidscheck doen van FAA wordt, terec "
" Kobo   4   "
"Wtb album exo - exodus cover kai chinese ver.  under 100k yang bisa shopee"
" Wahhh excited naa mok dgr cerita hahahaha malay ka chinese? Slalu ng awak agak tmpt client jk ka?"
"://t.co/4f6oSVEnk8# #://t.co/qvtz7R7IYx"
" : Stray Kids:   (The 9th Season 4)] EP.05, Spanish, Japanese, &amp; Chinese subtitles are now available!://"
"Why You Should Care that the University of Illinois Is Worried about Chinese Student Enrollments "
"Sonos  "
" : Where do Hong Kong workers stand on this year pay scale? | Human Resources Online #HongKong #Chin"
". publishes an editorial denouncing chinese pressure on ://t.co/Gg5SE1aeiT"
" PLEASE ADD HOPE/THE WASP TO THE CHINESE POSTER. SHE DESERVES TO BE THERE TOO, YET SHE'S THE ONLY ONE MISSING!"
"#malaysia #malaysianow #Music #rapper #rapsongs #Chinese "
" :   The Bunker Bar, Green Zone Cafe, Chinese Restaurant, Baghdad Country Club, Blue Star, O'Neill's h"
"Very well written and funny ... Opinion | Vinay Menon: Is Tom Hiddleston new Chinese commercial selling Centrum o "
"  Yes the Chinese Government is a single party authoritarian dictatorship, but they co "
"WTF. Naga kaysyaw na mama ko sakin (Hinahapan na ako ng mama ko ng mapapangasawa). Parang binebenta lang ako. Ang hirap maging chinese"
"RFERL reported Kazakh embassy in Ankara dodged Xinjiang native ethnic Kazakh students that filed for entry visa fro "
"Wow...so the #Peru govt is willing to use the military against its indigenous peoples if they don't let the "
"Okay, first show Thursday night at the Chinese, then the prime time show the next night at the El Capitan. Feeling "
"The person who says it cannot be done should not interrupt the person who is doing it. -Chinese Proverb#BREAKING "
" include employees stealing proprietary information from firms for their own startups, or employees with sp "
"   Not all Nigerians are into Drugs but l believe there is more in a de "
" : San Fran never been will never go. Simply for the reasons stated in the tweet below. one day (doubtful) they reali"
" : The United States wants to use the trade talks to encourage China to adopt a more market-oriented economy. But a key element o"
" : Foundation stone for the construction of Chinese company Minth to be laid down in #Loznica today://t.co/vkArxupDw"
"  Dat apparaat is een elektrolyse-machine die bijna exclusief verkrijgbaar is op sites die Chine "
" : What does Xu Zhangrun punishment mean for hopes of academic freedom? "
" : The Chinese Panda are a series of #coins produced by the Peoples Republic of China Mint. Visit our website to see our in"
" "
"Chinese Firefighters Contain Forest Fire After 30 "
"I'm Chinese in Malaysia! Everyone speaks Chinese to me and they think I'm local. "
" So cute"
"   Shrimp steamed egg "
"   Exactly. It's like the way Supervalu give out free woks with Uncle Ben' "
"who doesn love Chinese food ???"
"It's not surprising that Trump wasn't busted at the Chinese rub and tug parlor with Kraft. He's got Little Marco wh "
" : It #Chinese week on #AtoUnknown! Look out for some wonderful Chinese content from us, ,  and oth"
"Mugabe was misled over $100m Chinese facility, officials reveal  report - News24 "
"  And the Russians or Chinese will take the UK's place and they WON'T have their officers in "
" Anong gamot? Yung parang chinese chuchu?"
""
"Chinese kindergarten teacher detained after allegedly poisoning 23 children  "
"Over 41 yrs #HumphreyFellowship has been awarded to 150+ Chinese who r mostly govt employees &amp; likely CCP members t "
" : Chinese dredging vessel spotted in Lobo, Batangas. They were asked to leave but they are not moving an inch. masok"
"The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now. - Chinese proverb.  "
"You really have no clue about Chinese history, do you? "
" : This week's #AtoUnknown focuses on Chinese languages. Whilst we don't have much in the way of records in Mandarin, Cantonese, W"
"#Haru_Tour_SVT_D1  que oh my! tiene 3 versiones.- korean ver.- chinese ver.- japanese ver. cuando u "
"hati my chinese friend ni kental mattt "
"Asian Lacquered Box, #Vintage #Laquerware Chinese, Japanese, Signed #MidCentury, Brown Mahogany Black Trinket Keeps "
"Chinese police investigating early April Fools Day financial rumour - South China Morning Post "
"There are a few herbal traditions, or types of herbalism. There are many Native American herbal traditions, Chine "
"047"
" That company has a horrible reputation and to let you know I won't have anything to do with China. I "
"WTF IS THIS CHINESE SAYIN? FILIPINOS BUILD CITIES AND SHIPS AND ARE AMONG THE WORLD'S BEST WORKERS AND FOR YOU TO S "
"Geng-geng Chinese ni suka betul freeballing. Then pakai sweat pants, sport shorts. Geram aku tengok."
" :    Not to mention her open endorsement of Maoism and apologia of the Chinese genocide on BBC,"
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat? "
"Global economy remains fragile and vulnerable despite Chinese surprise "
"STORY -- Are China #tech #startups #innovative? The reality check is coming as a slower #economic growth can no l "
"Welcome to Illinois. Chinese Nationals doing their thing.  On American soil.  Goes on every day.  Have a great day. "
" oooooooo Gora massa ispoke so commie venu is imprejjed LOL Of course he will no have read that Indin de "
" : Good read about Golf and the Chinese Communist Party - Golf courses are heavily taxed in China; as a regional leader, to hav"
" Atleast there was some nice Chinese made underwear on display?"
"  If so why are Russians, Cubans and Chinese mother fuckers all over this country in strategic positions."
"#Taiwan to Block #Chinese #StreamingSites Ahead of #Election://t.co/77HVIWcNNK"
"   Stores fill their shelves with products that sell. Shelf and floo "
" : Chinese kindergarten teacher detained after allegedly poisoning 23 children - CNN "
" :  &amp; Sour Soup, Roast Pork Bun &amp; Pork Dumpling, Ho's Bakery, Chinatown, Manchester.  19th in a series of food ..."
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat? "
" :  What had Osma bin Laden done against Pakistan or even US? It was all lies, an excuse, a symbol to invade A"
"We are looking forward to exhibiting at the 17th Annual Meeting of Chinese Society of Cell Biology in Tianjin, Chin "
"Old Chinese Seal, Shoushan Stone dark Yellow, Landscape with elderly, houses and trees carved with great detail 1Kg "
" : Chinese kindergarten teacher detained after allegedly poisoning 23 children "
" Why does your wife need Chinese trademarks for voting machines? "
"Fucking white knight faggot CUCKS demanding more women in Crypto shit will never get you laid yo a "
" :  Hunter Biden, travels with his father aboard Air Force Two to Beijing...Shortly after they return to the U.S."
" : China biggest sportswear company is being sued for allegedly copying the designs of schoolbags made by a small firm in Hong"
"  As are the others on the poster. I'm referring to the chinese one"
"Large 6 &amp; Antique Chinese Seal, natural Shoushan Stone Yellow with orange veins, hand carved Foo Dog - Lion Fu - 1 "
"Chinese cabbage has anti-inflammatory properties."
" OHH I KNOW, HE IS A CHINESE IDOL RIGHT??"
"A few I remember, some I still hear of....://t.co/b2qk1R4FtC"
"Chinese boats off Pag-asa part of China's 'cabbage strategy': analyst "
"Good read about Golf and the Chinese Communist Party - Golf courses are heavily taxed in China; as a regional lead "
" I really wish I could draw some lovely fan art for them but my sense of color is terrible I just cant d "
" BOL4() - Stars over me(/  ?) [Chinese Sub] "
" Hunter Biden, travels with his father aboard Air Force Two to Beijing...Shortly after they return t "
" : My Chinese parents be calling people by their business names like,Sge bisitahon nako si Target Fishing unyaKana si Su"
"sarap salihan nung chinese garter potek kung pwede lang talaga"
"  I lived next to some Chinese and they crashed into my house. The Indians you only notice the odor."
"A great panel discussion today at the ASIFMA conference  in Hong Kong where our Head of Asia, Gordon Rus "
"may lahi akong chinese at french??? baT NGAYON KO LANG NALAMAN"
" (mezura shi i)(x y)  # #HSK # # # # # "
"   Is that your input on Chinese global environmental pollution? think you may need more than class."
" : Here is the Chinese PSA of the day "
"Novartis to team up with Chinese tech giants "
"Source Code Capital Leads $50M Round In Chinese Engineering Equipment Rental Firm "
" "
"Got my tickets to Avengers Endgame and after 11 years of going to all the premieres we are finally watching this on "
" Please add HOPE/THE WASP to the chinese poster. You did with Danai Gurira, why not with her? She deserves to be there too!"
" | T   "
""
"Category:Buddhist Philosophy #wikibooksrecentchangesen"
"Next time your navigating your way through New York, make sure to stop at caridad.china for an interesting mix of P "
" : Chinese influence and the western academy: time for a concerted response | Tao Zhang | #China  #Education "
"When the Lion performs its routines, it is accompanied by a Chinese Drum and  set of cymbal players. The Lion's m "
"Ito nga pala ang ginagawa ng Tsina sa mga Katoliko roon. pala tinutuligsa ni Du30 ang Simbahan, e. c "
"Makan somay di Chinese food  ehhhhh kok gatel gatel , *ngeliat siomaynya*  , lah bangsat isinya udang"
"Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children's porridge #news #feedly"
" : Welcome to the future dystopia. Who needs pesky freedom?Under the new reward scheme in Guangzhou, the capital of Guangd"
"Owner of $64 million Chateau Diter ordered to demolish it - CNN Style "
"  You remember the old Chinese curse, dont you?May you live in interesting times."
"      This will happen to all chinese because y "
"China biggest sportswear company is being sued for allegedly copying the designs of schoolbags made by a small fi "
"Sonos  "
"GT Op-Ed:  by the so-called #China threat theory and debt trap hyped by Western countries and media outl "
"You can take photos inside the #halloftenthousandbuddhas but outside is just as marvelous. Patterns of dragons, m "
"   In the chinese version they already have it but maybe we will get it in the "
"          "
"Lonely Planet in hot seat for saying Chinese built Banaue Rice Terraces | UNTV News "
"On 31 March, Dr Ronald C. Po gave a talk entitled  the Coast of the Qing Empire before the First Opium War "
" : Do you know how to make fermented beans ()? No?! lots of local recipes in this digitised volume of the Yongl"
" "
" I like that Wyatt is YELLING IN CHINESE "
"Chinese.ver#SEVENTEEN #SVT_Emoticons #SEVENTEEN # #CARAT # #SCOUPS # # "
" : En Good Chinese Wife: A Love Affair with China Gone Wrong a 3,23 EUR"
"Welcome to the future dystopia. Who needs pesky freedom?Under the new reward scheme in Guangzhou, the capital of "
"can annabelle please stop acting like studying chinese is a personality trait"
" Chinese proverbs mean nothing."
" : There are 615 blockchain companies or subsidiaries already in China according to Beijing think-tank EO Intelligence, with most"
"My friend mom overheard him watching anime and said  are you watching?: , it a cartoon: FU "
" : A great opportunity to practice your Chinese proficiency and to further your knowledge. Dare to challenge yourself, and"
"I have a gut feeling that we are six to twelve months from one hell of an almighty Lithium deficit. So many manufac "
""
"Dak la nama western tu boleh tahan lagi, dia just explain apa benda ja. Yang Chinese restaurant tu macam x boleh ri "
""
"learn Chinese   "
"Ireland: Rivada welcomes the reports that the Gardai have been instructed to investigate the threat Chinese telecom "
" Biden's son got a very lucrative deal with the Ukraine shortly after traveling there with his VP Da "
" 2/3  and the biggest market china hate her , lots of chinese sites and news papers back this up , we "
"Grindr's Chinese ownership is a national security risk - I get it, but never expected it. "
"Josh Fridenberg lures Australian voters into his sweet talking budget because the Coalition paranoia thinks they "
"  I full context of the press release they are talking about statistics and probability and "
"Great news: CMS and CHS will be hosting a Chinese Exchange teacher next year to support our Chinese Language Progra "
" May kilala ako magaling mag chinese garter. Calling the attention of "
"The first IMAX Laser showing at the Chinese Theater in Hollywood is already close to selling out. MY GOD.#AvengersEndgame"
" Chinese style"
"Chinese tuition  . 4 x 1.5hrs/month://t.co/8HnqQktewM"
"China develops new rice strain with high yield scientists have bred a new strain of rice with both high di "
"Chinese Snowy Dance:Mutsuhiko Izumi:175:XG2 Phrase A Phrase B Phrase C Special Phras "
" : Chinese City Offering Rewards for Reporting  Religious Activities, Raising Further Concerns for House Churche"
"Chinese restaurant to sue diner who falsely claimed its napkin dispensers had maggots "
" : Money laundering reports submitted to B.C. government, will be made public - an analysis by Global News suggests the same e"
"Chinese influence and the western academy: time for a concerted response | Tao Zhang | #China  #Education "
" : 26 bomberos forestales fallecidos en China://t.co/u6JuSIuom1"
"Foreign Influence Laws Usher in a New Era for Chinese-Australians "
"Chinese tech giant Tencent plans $5 billion dollar bond sale: sources "
"#ALE   37 year old Abdullahi Adan of Toronto, named in Canada-wide arrest warrant in the alleged kidnapping of Ch "
"Short Film Shows NYC War On E-Bikes Through The Eyes Of Chinese Deliverymen... "
"Chiayi country magistrate: in 2014 (Han Kuo-yu-led) Taipei ag marketing co signed MOU w Chinese firm to sell it 20, "
"Looks like all Americans now need to fluently speak both Spanish &amp; Chinese to exist! state of U.S. Federal Govt "
"  but we can easily avoid buying Chinese Brands like Oppo, Vivo, Huawei, Xiaomi, un "
"One year ago the Chinese space laboratory Tiangong 1 fell into the Pacific Ocean "
"It All Apart Of The Mar A Largo Pedo/Chinese Human Trafficking Ring Run ByTrump And ,! There Branches "
"Having worked as a journalist for Dow Jones (5 yrs) and working vis-a-vis Chinese media for 8 years now , I can say "
"#ALE   37 year old Abdullahi Adan of Toronto, named in Canada-wide arrest warrant in the alleged kidnapping of Ch "
"Going to both Agriculture and International Trade Committee meetings today to work on reopening the Chinese market "
"Bat parang chinese character yung nakasulat sa harap ng interspec shirt "
"you even failed mandarin and you're fucking chinese se n  eu com o portugu "
" And why are we allowing Chinese language programs (sponsored by this Chinese government) into our hi "
" Hunter Biden, travels with his father aboard Air Force Two to Beijing...Shortly after they return to the "
" "
"as a Filipino student, my concerns right now are not about performance tasks, assignments, projects etc. but my con "
"  Hi, MR Donald J.Trump, I am a maths teacher and I graduated from Peking University major "
" op has Chinese blood"
" :    omg I just realized the pronunciation of  in Chinese is dan Since we're heading to an e"
" : Chinese/German EV startup Byton has released photos of its M-Byte SUV doing winter testing in Mongolia. Company says it has al"
"   "
"This hard on the heels of 25th March news that COIDIC (Chinese development fund) inked a gas-to-power deal with the "
"#ALE:  37 year old Abdullahi Adan of Toronto, named in Canada-wide arrest warrant in the alleged kidnapping of Ch "
"Language: Chinese, Japanese or Korean"
"According to my Mandarin-fluent colleague, yesterday's Chinese government official on-line magazine Looking for th "
"Love At First Swipe - Episode 1 (Chinese and BM Subtitles Available) "
" : EXCLUSIVE from : Beijing may assist in case of Chinese-American scholar in Iranian prison://t.co/iS6ugn"
"That feeling when you get those opening night tickets for Avengers: Endgame at the Chinese Theater. "
"if i was just fluent in chinese id turn this account into a fangzhou updates account "
" gem cannot be polished without friction, nor a man perfected without trials.  Chinese Proverbs #TuesdayThoughts"
"Byton M-Byte electric SUV tackles cold-weather testing, nears production -      With a Chinese base and internation "
"Chinese kindergarten teacher detained after allegedly poisoning 23 children - CNN #SmartNews"
"ENDGAME TICKETS WENT ON SALE BEFORE 5AM BUT LUCKILY I WAS ABLE TO SNAG 2 TICKETS TO THE CHINESE THEATER FIRST SHOWI "
" : Jamaicans suffering from cataracts now have an opportunity to benefit from the expertise of an 11-member Chinese technica"
"Indonesian navy fires shots, seizes Chinese fishing boat near disputed South China Sea "
"April 2nd, from 1,260 to 1,241 BCE. The Oracle Bones in China have the oldest known written Chinese. Carved in the "
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat? "
" : In English, T means trans, testosterone, or gossip. In Chinese, it a way of life. - great piece by  https"
"   Are those indian and Chinese are  interesting ? Or they do don't. Tanya  je."
" : #Taiwan va expulser de force des avions de combat de la #PLA la prochaine fois pr Tsai Ing-wen r fermem"
"  I see no problem in children marking or celebrating holidays from different culture "
"Wow!  Manchurian Mountains just sold for 162665000 at Sotheby's in Hong Kong #auction #sothebys"
" : China Purchases Could Undercut Trump Larger Trade Goal. China Bans All Types of Fentanyl. Chinese Dissidents Feel Heat of Beiji"
"    but we can easily avoid buying Chinese Brands like O "
" New Chinese international #Movie #poster for #DetectivePikachu has been officially released "
" : Brextremist  says on  that the EU won protect UK steel producers from cheap Chinese steel imports. He m"
" BOL4() - Bom(, /, ) [Chinese Sub] "
"One never needs their humor as much a when they argue with a fool. ~ Chinese Prover"
" : Our Taetae read a Chinese ancient poetry with suga CUTIE!!!!!  #Taehyung # #BTSV "
" : There is a saying in Zen: 'This Dharma is now!' can just as easily say, this time is now.#Dharma  by the way, in Ch"
"BBC News  -  "
"Korean, Chinese, Japanese.. now I need an English version of OH My! #Haru_Tour_SVT_D1#Haru_Tour_SVT_D1 "
"   He's still #1 of everyone running, care to explain? Biden shouldn't "
"My Top Tweets Only To Addressing #XiJinping #ChineseGovernment In Chinese To Free Tibet 'Nanda Davi'! M "
"Anu laya.makkain ko chinese fud or italian#MayWardforFHxZilingo"
"still learning chinese ver btw, and i have to learn japanese ver  "
"CHINESE LANGUAGE COACHING IN ROHINI DELHI,                          ..For more info visit..."
"Great story. Chinese ivory ban stokes woolly mammoth tusk 'gold rush' in Siberia "
" You can bet that by these unqualified corrupt people getting Top Secret Security Clearances, slick Russian "
"OH MY!   next"
"Daily  Chinese learning (6:00-6:30PM): Conversation   "
" : India #ASAT test is not surprising although the timing of the test is.  India started developing its ASAT capabilities in"
" : Do you remember the Chinese singers were filmed for the Chinese TV program? Yesterday TV showed a short story about their"
"Foreign Influence Laws Usher in a New Era for Chinese-Australians "
"Someone send me the photo of all the Chinese old ladies doing the weird thing with their arms and that   "
"  67% agree that we need to save the avocadoes over stopping baby sex trafficking and th "
"Interested in Chinese architecture? Come listen Wed 3 Apr 730pm at  Lecture series: Heaven, earth an "
" idk about cheng xiao but mei qi and xuan yi r currently promoting w/ rocket girls (the winning group of chinese pd101)"
" Gua Kandu. I went in before and there was a wall full of Chinese name. Supposedly the communist hide in "
" : Chinese labour crackdown: missing, detained, arrested "
" The best policy that works with China is disengagement and  step-by-step ban on Chinese products to hi "
"Chinese/German EV startup Byton has released photos of its M-Byte SUV doing winter testing in Mongolia. Company say "
"Our true spirit is what the Chinese call . Are you feeling it? Feel to Heal, Forgive to Move Forward "
"Chinese boxer trounces stereotypes, depression to become  of the "
"Chinese Medicine - Best Seller Books "
" Here is where all that Chinese cement went.://t.co/kMG1OHcsx2"
" : .: President Duterte followed that up months later by calling on smaller nations to be  and humble in"
"Gaokao offers colleges  opportunities for global recruitment "
"Opinion | Keep the Chinese government away from 5G technology "
" : Chinese soldiers remains to be returned to China from ROK. #WorldNews #TombSweepingDay "
" the Chinese store would made that cat  pow chicken "
" : Read about how #Uighurs are being held in Chinese internment camps for potential extremism. # "
"#KMItHurts Wag Na Nating Palakin ang Isyo about Sa Mga Chinese. Magtiwala Po Tayo sa Ating Pangulo.. Dahil Alam ko "
"Chinese poem illustration/ /  QingMing Festival, a fake poem?,,"
" Chinese people like to vacay in Korea, and some actually live there BUT YES GOOD QUESTION???!!"
"Tengah makan,sorang chinese lady tegur  reti makan ni ? lah miss,sebab hujan lapar dgn nak panas kan badan "
" : Can't help but think of the collision 18 years ago today between a US Navy EP-3 and a PLA jet.  incident was reso"
"Researcher Michael Lee  presents on North Korean workers in the Chinese city Dandong in the #texile indu "
"Improve Digestion With Acupuncture and Chinese Medicine "
"Chinese police investigating early April Fools' Day social media financial rumour "
"chinese vampires"
"National Poetry Month, Day 2: Chinese New Year by Lynda Hull.://t.co/KaEhbr2fZy#NationalPoetryMonth "
" : The bodies of 27 firefighters and three local residents who went missing while tackling a forest fire in Sichuan Province"
" Gago natawa ako dun sa mas mukha pang chinese kesa kay juan ahahhaahhaha"
"Any firefighter death no matter where on this planet, is a great loss in the fire world and to the red line family. "
" Chinese national football association: we even did not know there will be a match between Bayern and Ch "
"teaching chinese kids english for side money and so far 0 students have turned up today yet i still get paid. liter "
" wkwkwkk aku aja korean ver aja susah gmna chinese nya wkwkw"
" The Chinese have been migrating from motherland China for economic reasons since the 1800s. That is not "
"so #SEVENTEEN has oh my chinese, korean, and now japanese ver. so when you will release the english ver,  -nim?#HARU_TOUR_SVT_D1"
"Chinese army arrives in Venezuela just days after the Russian miltary "
" F16V"
" : Roughly Chinese spotted near a disputed island in the South China Sea is alarming the Philippines "
" "
" How about the lady who translated Finnegans Wake into Chinese? "
"Don get offended when I tell ya hoe ass to suck my dick "
"How to enrage USA.... MAJOR: Chinese Military Personnel Arrive in Venezuela with &amp;#8216;Humanitarian Supplies&amp;#8217 "
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat? "
"Can't imagine actual white people are enjoying this feeling, so I believe we'll have a lot of people pushing agains "
"She can speaks English, a bit Japanese and Chinese"
" : Fun time identifying colors in Mandarin Chinese.  Super job, kindergarteners! #WeAreWorldClass  "
" :  DONT BLAME Puerto Rico for the problems with out farmers. That is 100% on Trump. His trade war with China scr"
"# beautiful #zhuyilong #actor #chinese #asianactors #asian #beauty #Model #perfectboy #handsome #photography "
" : Barricades across defensible seas would remind Beijing that A2/AD is not just a Chinese thing. The allies can contest ac"
" "
"There was never a job my mom didn love (at one point she was working 3 jobs to pay the bills). She was a lumberja "
"Chinese kindergarten teacher detained after allegedly poisoning 23 children - CNN "
"YES.  IT IS 5AM BUT AVENGERS: ENDGAME TICKETS ARE NOW ON SALE!!!!!, April 25, 6pm, TCL Chinese IMAX"
"/g w z ./"
" "
" Chinese people dalam pelat cina"
"Chinese national dead, seven quarantined after mystery breakout at manganese mine "
"Wala bang Unpopular Opinion: Chinese Family Edition? :&lt;"
" Aku malah chinese ver nya dong ;("
"What do you want to see in MIUI 11?#xiaomi #redmi #news #mobile #tech #technology #best #china #chinese #technews "
"          "
"chinese , spanish , german korean and japanese "
"Wholesale Camping Hiking Rucksacks - Buy Cheap Camping Hiking Rucksacks from Chinese Wholesalers | "
"Who else agrees with the Chinese on this?!!  #smartpreneur #smartpreneurng #chineseproverbs "
"Kerja bagus! "
"The path beyond Silicon Valley hollow libertarianism or China state censorship is a publicly owned internet - "
"SG Holdings to make Chinese rail freight more competitive | Post &amp; "
" : Toronto police have issued a Canada-wide warrant for one of four suspects wanted in connection with the abduction of Chinese"
" : #CLON dont forget BOLIVIA Sources claim that Xinjiang TBEA plans to partner with Bolivia on salts flats of Pastos Grandes an"
"  umm does it count if you stan the Chinese line form nct?"
"Was speaking Yoruba on the phone yesterday and a coworker said she thought I was speaking Chinese "
" These days chinese posters  &gt;&gt; official posters"
"For me, Japanese / Chinese music for crazy samples."
" : .: 'Officials from the U.S. traveled to Beijing for negotiations on the trade relationship between the U.S. &amp; #"
"You cannot play me"
" tRump will built a wall to make sure Chinese will not come in to sell there fentanyl ?"
" :  #CLON dont forget BOLIVIA Sources claim that Xinjiang TBEA plans to partner with Bolivia on salts flats of Pa"
" : We battle with Chinese rip-offs of our products in stores and catalogs...and our customer service department has to dea"
"Seventeen just needs to release an English song., Japanese and Chinese.... WORLDWIDE IDOLS"
" : Africans need strategy dealing with China as much as with any partner. But the cheap ongoing China bashing is counter-pr"
" : A specialized traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) hospital, which is calling itself China first  TCM medical facil"
" :   I want Harvard to also offer the same opportunity to White students, Indian students, Chinese stu"
"okay so oh my! by svt has 3 versions- korean ver.- chinese ver.- japanese ver."
" ("
"Still can believe that chinese dog festival still exists. You have to be a certain type of dirty cunt to want to cause harm to a dog."
"OH MY!  is next#Haru_Tour_SVT_D1"
" : #China's internment camps - boarding schools - in #Xinjiang are part of an ongoing campaign to suppress ethnic minority"
"Chinese kindergarten teacher detained after allegedly poisoning 23 children - CNN "
"Wyatt is obsessed with watching this kid named Ryan review toys on YouTube and now he started reviewing everythin "
" Chinese pimple? What's that?"
"#AvengersEndgame tickets went on sale several minutes early for the Chinese, and all the very best seats were gone "
" : India China: India activates strategic ITBP command from J-K to counter Chinese build up - The Economic Times "
" PLEASE ADD HOPE VAN DYNE TO THE CHINESE POSTER, SHE'S THE ONLY ONE MISSING, THAT'S NOT FAIR!!"
"China was the push behind the markets yesterday, what is the foot on the pedal today?  #china #payday "
" Do Krassenstein brothers really exist or are they just Soros, Russian or Chinese bots? Don even read their rants anymore."
"We battle with Chinese rip-offs of our products in stores and catalogs...and our customer service department has to "
"Eintracht recently held a conference on youth football in Beijing, signalling their commitment to promoting the spo "
"  korean, chinese, japanese versions. only seventeen."
" Ngga ada yg salah din, itu kan Tom Lembong orang pemerintah.  chinese money trap din, dah banya "
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat? - "
"Taiwan Will Forcibly Expel Chinese Planes After Recent Taiwan Strait Boundary Violation "
"#Taiwan va expulser de force des avions de combat de la #PLA la prochaine fois pr Tsai Ing-wen r f "
"WOW SPECIAL WORKING PERMIT FOR HUNDREDS OF CHINESE CITIZEN HERE IN THE PHILIPPINES. INDEED, SLOWLY BECOMING A PROVINCE OF CHINA"
" : In case you were snoozing there was a surge of activity in the Chinese nuclear sector last week 1/4"
"Chinese anti-satellite laser base FOUND? Fears as images show active base, expert claims "
" You're Chinese?"
"I raised the issue directly... You can't do much more than that.- NZ PM 's weaksauce comments on "
" ADD THE WASP TO THE CHINESE POSTER WITH THE OTHERS THANKS"
"Davon aus zu gehen, dass jeder asiatisch aus sehende Mensch Chinese ist, ist schon dezent rassistisch..."
"The Best Free Horoscope App: Daily Horoscope, Zodiac Signs, Chinese Horoscope and more! "
" : #Aquarius is akin to the Tiger in the Chinese Zodiac. Both are honest, unpredictable, and natural leaders who always l"
" Graded Chinese Reader. The number of words is what your vocab knowledge should be so I went with 500 caus "
"gusto ko sumali chinese garter :((( baka naman po miss jozelle, sir jhaz :(("
"Chinese kleuterleidster aangehouden voor vergiftigen 23 kindjes "
"New post: Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat? "
"Thats the practical theory... But no need to alarm anyone... Congress in its current avatar is NEVER coming back to "
"Research in Brief from  Review: What do Chinese restaurants teach us about the immigrant labor market "
"oh my korean ver.  my chinese ver.  my japanese ver.  my english ver."
"      Right now, Simplified Chinese, Span "
"Keytruda bags Chinese approval for 1L treatment of metastatic #nonsquamous #NSCLC. Stay abreast with clinical devel "
"Chinese hacking groups to ramp up cyber attacks on some industries, experts say - CSO Online "
" ADD WASP TO THE CHINESE POSTER PLEASE. SHE DESERVES TO BE THERE TOO!"
""
" I wake up and I'm first? And that Chinese/Korean guy isn't anywhere? Wtf?  Obviously he got banned "
" How to Improve Your Chinese Listening Skills : Learn Chinese with the best FREE online resources, just click "
" While our govt leaders are playing footsies with the Bully China, we Filipinos are left to fend for ou "
"#Globalgrowth The Chinese yuan's share of currency reserves increased to 1.89 percent in the fourth quarter o "
"Ternyata OH MY CHINESE VER GUYS"
"OH MY KOREAN, CHINESE, JAPANESE VERSION? ENGLISH VER NA LANG KULANG OWNEJWODK"
"    Aapki economic aapki army hai haatho mai dedo sab thik kardenge voh g "
"  Indeed. Something along these lines - from a recent US conservative take on UK as US' unsinkab "
" 2018 Chinese New Year??"
"In my knowledge, there are significant Chinese-Bruneaian population (at least 10%), but most are stateless or are l "
" And what about Han Chinese supremacy and Xenophobia? It is much worse."
"getting a chinese tonight in lads"
" all the aunties during chinese new year !! "
" : #Chinese government, close the Concentration camps, stop ethnic Cleansing and Genocide! #Uyghur  #HRW #USA #Trump #P"
"Chinese tech giant Tencent plans $5 billion dollar bond sale: sources "
"Wangchuan Villa (Restored Chinese Artwork) High quality prints on metal, canvas, or photo paper. Also: device cases "
" chinese i think"
" ADD HOPE VAN DYNE TO THE CHINESE POSTER PLEASE"
" : bat ganun mas mukha pang chinese c marlo kay juan? bimby pa pang asar niyo sakanya.... baka madepress yan  Si marlo c"
"initu japan ver atau chinese ver??"
" :      Lemme get a writing pad and a Chinese Fountain pen first dear"
"Why Chinese firm Geely has made a Smart investment "
"How this scholar is restoring a beautiful Chinese village "
"  "
" They're Chinese."
"lmao, i'm singing the chinese version while listening to the japanese version ahahahahah"
"           "
" Chinese Herb Medical Spray Nasal Cure Rhinitis Sinusitis Nose Spray snore Nose Spray Make your nose more comforta "
"Kala ko chinese hhhahahahahahahahahah"
"Check out the mesmerizing #packaging #design for these Chinese cookies  "
" Yew Choy://t.co/qgJCYqFuZQ"
"so oh my have korean, chinese, and japanese version! global song "
"  What u said is quite possible, the Chinese traditional medicine also documented sim "
"You never want to wake up and find  in your kitchen, writes   ://t.co/SQVzsx0S4h"
" : Beijing, China and Kfar Netter, Israel Autotalks, a world leader in V2X (Vehicle to Everything) communicatio... https:"
"Beijing, China and Kfar Netter, Israel Autotalks, a world leader in V2X (Vehicle to Everything) communicatio... "
"mas pinayagan pa mag-trabaho mga chinese kesa mga filipino sa sariling bansa :---(("
"wait it sounds chinese.."
" so now u look like real chinese, without any doubt."
"Reorder the sentence![Julie had the original idea of touring Xinjiang on foot.])  B)  C)  D)  E)   "
"In a swipe at the presence of Chinese vessels in the West Philippine Sea, the Department of National Defense encour "
"China's expanding list of censored topics means publishers have to think carefully about partnering with Chinese pr "
"Chinese boxer trounces stereotypes to become 'Queen of the Ring' "
" 2004 Chinese Grand Prix #12  Felipe Massa -  Sauber Petronas  C23 (Petronas 04A 3.0 V10) "
" "
"Oh My Korean Ver. My Chinese Ver. My Japanese Ver. song is queen "
"Chinese tech giant Tencent plans $5 billion dollar bond sale: sources "
"Chinese Laundry's cult-followed modern Chinese cuisine will pop up in Dalston and Brockley between now and August "
"Chinese SOE interest in Philippine infrastructure, especially at the ill-fated Subic Bay Hanjin Shipyard, raises fe "
"Zhao: Chinese, Filipino fishers should observe fishing limits in SCS://t.co/2aLUGaczRW "
"BBC News  -  "
"Short Film Shows NYC War On E-Bikes Through The Eyes Of Chinese Deliverymen:  "
"Everyone should be free to do what they want to that doesn't infringe on me, and e-cigs shouldn't be outlawed.... "
"Chinese tiktok and chill"
" Ewwww ://t.co/yqb8Fq5DYi"
" : China is hot, maar onbegrepen. Daarom is oud-correspondent China, , terug met zijn boek De Chinese droom, wed"
" "
"'s your degree in?ChineseSo, can you tell me how to say my name in Chinese?No "
"This was not random in my belief - if the alleged perpetrator was involved he was being financed by someone or grou "
"CHINESE VER??????"
" : On a journey of a hundred miles, ninety is but half way.-Chinese Proverb  #MaineForMACStudioFix  | Maine Mendoza"
"MOBILE PHONE PAYMENTS BY CHINESE CONSUMERS:: 2 billion: 57 billion (People Bank of China per )"
" : 320 pages #HongKong #RuleOfLaw Report #RoLReport2018 in both English &amp; Chinese will be released in 11th April 2019! https://"
" How Hunter? Enjoying that Chinese billion? "
" :    General Flynn said: The Chinese Communist Party funds ISIS. General Flynn's statement"
".. the Chinese workers with reality and decent and decen "
"   Aid from China makes them bold Chinese in Pak Army also"
"Weekly Update: Was Hillary Hacked by the Chinese? Mueller Report Victory for Trump, &amp; More! "
"#BloombergApparently, it doesn take much to fool Tesla autopilot system. Researchers from the Keen Security "
"I can, however, bring back a clip from this press tour in China for Civil War. In which Evans was baffled on the ar "
"The person who says it cannot be done should not interrupt the person who is doing it. - Chinese Prover"
" : tik tok little Chinese children in costume dancing one is happy and the other kid is crying but dancing at the same time"
" Clever people the Chinese."
"I know a guy who translated Ulysses into Chinese. Pretty much nothing else anyone does impresses me anymore."
" Clearly Raul Gandii is playing into the hands of the Chinese whose main goal is to break India and sto "
" : ASEAN nations have been exerting their muscles to assert territorial claims. Meanwhile, the PHILIPPINES allows d gradual"
" : I need someone to translate this for me...... Chinese ni ooo     oy"
"You don't have to be a conspiracy nut to see that the government's use of Google's technology (developed, in part, "
" : Sobrang ganda ng Kaliwa River na kung saan pinaliliguan at pinaggagalaan ng mga nakatirang mga Dumagat. Ngunit, maaaring l"
" my chinese teacher without context: doce"
"#AbuDhabi National Oil Company signs long-term sales agreement for its high-quality base oil with #Chinese firm "
"Tangina HAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHA di naman ako mukang chinese ah Hahhhaha "
" : Yao Mingming trained for six years. I really do hope he gets to debut and become known for his talents and skills. I hope Ch"
"A Chinese curse for you, Border:  you live in interesting times. "
"I must been doing something right because all the Chinese fans wanted a photo with me  always more than hap "
"   china   "
" the 65th Infantry Regiment of the 3rd Infantry Division fought for two days up a Chinese-held hill "
"Tweet translated to Hebrew, Latvian, Czech, Vietnamese, Tongan, Finnish, Telugu, Japanese, English, Chinese Traditi "
"1/2 Years ago I was in a Chinese restaurant in Amherst, Massachusetts. Generic and vaguely Asian-sounding instrumen "
" : Wang Talu pay tribute to Chinese fire fighter. Because of China forest blaze, 30 firefighters was killed in Sichuan. h"
"may chinese garter sportsfest namin aCk"
"Thanks HE. Ambassador JIANCHUN for receiving us at your office. Look forward to working with our sister Chinese Red "
" : Maybe Dianne Feinstein . . . doesn't have the best judgement . . . considering she hired a Chinese Spy for 20 yrs. **Her"
"  Indeed. The project of the Belt and Road Initiative is one of the most ambitious infrastructure "
"Now because lm dying everytime i wait for blackpink comeback #KILLTHISLOVE_BLACKPINK   i watched the ASHES OF LOVE "
"bat ganun mas mukha pang chinese c marlo kay juan? bimby pa pang asar niyo sakanya.... baka madepress yan  "
"The robot is Chinese because it's made in China. "
" : Taiwan will forcibly expel Chinese planes after recent Taiwan Strait boundary violation: "
" : 190331      Japanese Korean Ver. # #Dreamcatcher# #Handong"
" Putih. Matanya sipit. Keturunan Chinese. Tinggi. Kalo natap tajem banget kaya piso bacokan. Dan dia adalah mantanku"
"Palabras duras desde Taiw "
" : #DailyChinaBriefing on April 1:. Chinese opera Marco Polo to highlight Silk Road exchanges "
"The chinese poster of Detective Pikachu though "
" Another cheap Chinese product just labelled Miniso. This iPad cover doesn't fit my iPad. ccare: no res "
" "
"#DetectivePikachu Chinese Poster! In Cinemas May 10. "
" : Errr... what just happened here! Is it just me finding #BoneyKapoor really disgusting right now!  https:"
"Home grown Chinese reactors gaining traction as domestic #nuclear revival looks promising. #reactor"
"Issues have been reduced to trivia:,000+ kababayans killed -number of politicos killed-number of unsolved "
"WHERE DID THEY GO? Did all Hillary's emails go to a public Chinese co. that collects intel for China... of "
" : Fingers in many pies. $WTC digital footprint will be enough. Corporation a Chinese"
"Bonjour  tous  mardi. La meilleure mani de conna Dieu, louange et v | L' de le ch c "
" : Star Chinese artist Jia Aili talks to  about why the point of painting is to explore consciousness itself: "
" : Unfortunately we won be releasing an episode this week as we have personal commitments. We be back next week to of"
" : we need to get them the rich chinese fans that will buy the albums and stream"
"#China's internment camps - boarding schools - in #Xinjiang are part of an ongoing campaign to suppress ethnic mi "
" Nct bias : qian kun bias : yanan, I like Chinese boys :("
"Congrats to doctoral candidate Xiang He, in VCU Department of Mechanical and Nuclear Engineering, for his Chinese "
" "
" : Chinese military personnel arrived along with the 65 tons of medicine &amp; supplies delivered to Venezuela as a result of"
"Philippines protests Chinese ships around disputed island - CNN "
"        "
"man im really out here craving chinese food every day"
"My Chinese parents be calling people by their business names like,Sge bisitahon nako si Target Fishing unyaKa "
"Philippines protests hundreds of Chinese ships around disputed island "
"  I mean a lot of those peoples walks were not very silly at all. Don they know the Chinese hav "
" The Chinese stayed isolated for 2600 years, so..."
"The Iranian government's failed response to the #IranFloods reminds me of the Chinese response to the 2008 Sichuan "
" jee, I 100% agree with your words.  is gem of a person, i would call her iron lady, loo "
"Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children's porridge "
" Hoeft niet per se. Die stekker past in Chinese stopcontacten. Bestaat er trouwens een naam voor een "
" : Pupils began vomiting and fainting after breakfast at the Chinese school. "
"This is how some countries say do it now in their language.  :   /abhee karo/  :  /xi "
" "
" Can't remember exactly what/where the event was, but Chinese performer(s) blacking up to play a ridi "
" : The government is selling land in the Island to foreign diplomats mainly the Chinese!The money is going straight into the"
"  Every country's citizens feel superior. The Chinese think they are better - Middle Kingdom. The Ja "
"We Have African american and Black British  we also have  Black Chinese ,or  African Chinese?"
" : Much of China's fentanyl production is set to become illegal, closing a loophole in Chinese regulations that U.S. officials say ha"
"better known as Victoria Song or mononymously as Victoria, is a Chinese singer, dancer, actress, model, and the lea "
"send xiao long bao huhu i need chinese foodT_T"
"Chinese Football  Electronic Girl [Official Music Video] "
"Chinese Firefighters Contain Forest Fire After 30 "
"Chinese Firefighters Contain Forest Fire After 30 "
"    jam but stylist did them so dirty found that era very crazy. S "
"Chinese Firefighters Contain Forest Fire After 30 "
" Right now China is calling are global economic plan a joke. Well we in the United States have stri "
"#DetectivePikachu Chinese poster "
" Issues have been reduced to trivia:,000+ kababayans killed -number of politicos killed-numbe "
"Chinese City Continues Crackdown on Illegal Religious Groups by Offering Cash Incentives "
"A new Chinese international poster for  PIKACHU has been officially released. (Source: ) "
"Thighs/Legs Massage Therapy #Romantic educa "
" : READ  | And not only there a problem of Chinese working illegally here in the Philippines, but also there are Filipi"
"The beginning of the end for the USD...  Russia and China continue to look for ways to build the next #swiftnetwork "
"  I am the Master head of president xi jinping and i tell him seriously he must eliminate the v "
" : Lastly, our favourite taho also has Chinese roots. It came from the Hokkien word 'ta-h . In Mandarin,  d means"
"Chinese Crypto Exchange "
"op has chinese blood"
" Chinese, Korean, Swedish, Norwegian and Thai"
" Which Gandhi? The one that made Nehru the PM, or Chinese Gandhis"
"   Yeah Serbs are very racist they used to have black,arab and chinese slaves."
"My mother wrote me said the President he doesn't care trying to leave the footprints of America here say we "
"  "
"chinese, arabic, korean, hungarian and japanese (maybe) "
""
"://t.co/kUwxoVg7TM"
"Let #eatlocal #FultonBuffet #Fultonky #VisitWestKy #Chinese #crabragoon #noodles #orangechicken "
" 5G is a non-issue it is a distraction. There is no way that Chinese will not get 5G it is impossible no "
" Sounds like I just have to torrent it. I don need any Chinese spyware on my computer."
"Here is the Chinese exclusive poster of Detective Pikachu~ May 10th in China confirmed. #DetectivePikachu "
"If you are planning for a year, sow rice; you are planning for a decade, plant trees; you are planning for a "
" : Prime Minister  met Chinese President Xi Jinping in Beijing to discuss positive development in the relationsh"
" We been bailing out farmers for decades including Chinese owned   farms. Your tariffs are making it worse."
" : A truck belonging to Chinese national Xuecheng Hou's New Force Logistics CC was spotted transporting a heavy load of timbe"
" If you like Chinese food, I had the flu a couple of weeks ago and the egg drop soup kicked whatever I had b "
"Hum, I was looking at a Chinese propitious symbol about an hour ago, then my left eye was remotely poked. At this t "
" : China &amp; Pakistan Are Aiming To Change The Demography Of Balochistan By Settling Hundreds Of Thousands Of Punjabis &amp; Chi"
" : Taiwan thanks Japan for support after Chinese jet incursion://t.co/d0luvSyqy8 "
"I would recommend  excellent book  at our Doorstep where his incisively analyses the Chines "
"Mga militia ang sakay ng chinese vessels na umaaligid sa pag asa island#KMItHurts "
" yeah I understand idols in general are fairly new in china nd the chinese management are shitty but SM "
"#Crypto #News: Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat? "
" : Michelins up front and random Chinese tires in the back is hilarious fun in the corners "
"Blockchain talent become scarce resource in industry blockchain entrepreneurs received far more job applic "
"    ,       , ... "
"   "
"I was given a Chinese name tonight and I love it. Everyone now must address me as  (pronounced Wan Wan)."
" : Two Chinese J-11 fighter jets crossed the Taiwan Strait  line on Sunday, stoking a 10-minute standoff with Ta"
" Brothers HUNTERX   "
" A resurgent and economically powerful India is the only eyesore for Chinese, currently."
"I thought it was a joke when people voted for Subway over Chinese-on-the-go. Smh. "
"You speak Chinese?? You half chinese ke? Same lol  Yes, high five "
" : South American countries that want to attract more Chinese tourists need strong B2B and B2C marketing strategies. Read exa"
" : Jongin Chinese HT for Gucci ' # Kim Jongin Gucci Brand Ambassador ' reached 87.85M views on Weibo.[ = million] sorry m"
"Ingat chinese mana tadi - asrin"
" "
" : #TVPatrol Chinese dredging vessel sa Lobo, Batangas, walang permit ayon sa lokal na pamahalaan "
"Concerned about a leaked video scandal of a private individual but not that of a misogynistic, sexist highest publi "
"   omg I just realized the pronunciation of  in Chinese is dan Since we're headi "
"I had some leftover Chinese food I was going to take for lunch, I open the fridge and that hoe slides out and spill "
"Apparently China doesn think #nuclear is out of fashion. Either. #climatechange #cleanenergy #lowcarb  "
"The Chinese League is about to complete the transfer for Diego Costa (ESPNUK) for 65 million"
" : The CCP vicious attacks to Sheng Xue, a prominent Chinese democracy activist living in Canada, who is featured in our"
"  100% right! Chinese did it and it "
" : Philippines protests hundreds of Chinese ships around disputed island "
"Hollywood Had Questions. Apple Didn Answer. "
"To be fair I also neglected to mention the Caixin journalists who are far more daring, dogged, resourceful &amp; superi "
", calligraphie chinoise#atelier #peinture #stage #arts #paysage #calligraphie#videetplein #encredechine "
"We are talking with Chinese hackers who can Hack EVM's, so we will Hack EVM's and help congress to reach to form a "
"Yesterday was day 1 of 5-day marathon curatorial search week. Was patting myself on the back for keeping up with my "
"  Chinese Gandhi family and your Abdullah family ruined beautiful j&amp;k. So sad  that Bharat sti "
"The government is selling land in the Island to foreign diplomats mainly the Chinese!The money is going straight in "
" : Because I want to connect with cocoppaplay's users, so I decided to make a Twitter account. can speak Japanese, Engli"
"Today's Economic &amp; #Commodity #Futures Perspectives/Chinese trade talks continue tomorrow in Washington mee "
" Chinese theater. 900 seats. It 5 AM and tickets just went in sale. A sell out for sure "
" : Chinese Firefighters Contain Forest Fire After 30 Dead. "
" Notice the Pope is still silent on the systematic oppression of Christians by the Chinese Communist regime. Th "
" The US is subverted, unpatriotic, doesn't speak mandarin, doesn't socially accept Chinese in the same way "
" DONT BLAME Puerto Rico for the problems with out farmers. That is 100% on Trump. His trade war wit "
"sitting in chinese class.. watching a movie..WHICH IS TOO FUCKING LOUD AND THE TEACHER DOESNT HEAR ME SAY 'TURN IT DOWN'"
"Loves Chinese food and Japanese sweets | Wear contact lenses #bot"
" : AHHHHHH MINGHAO IN A SPARKLY JACKET DANCING TO THE CHINESE VER OF HIGHLIGHT "
"Japanese, Korean, German and probably Arabic and Chinese.  it's getting difficult to choose since I can already "
" Chinese sheep"
"Unfortunately we won be releasing an episode this week as we have personal commitments. We be back next week t "
" : Chinese garlic prison  real a search for it "
" I am the Master head of president xi jinping and i tell him seriously he must eliminate the vast economic u "
"May have to find this one Chinese song to play at the Ireland part of Busch Gardens"
" chinese pink  "
"im lick how this chinese nigga find me so fast?? i know japanese is the 1 wit the curved lines."
"  Just like Chinese do in their swanky malls with their children running around with exposed bottoms."
"Whats to stop anybody from crashing your car at high speed while you are in it ? stopping the government from "
"THE CHINESE THEATER.... 900 SEATS... ITS 4:50 AM..... "
" : Kontron and Regional Partners Announce Major Russian and Chinese #Avionics Contracts. Over 500 #Aircraft to be outfitted with"
" : 'Chinese kleuterjuf gearresteerd na vergiftigen van 23 kinderen'. "
" : Agree! But please be noted that here China means CCP not Chinese people "
"  The truth is simple, it was just a disgusting anti-Maduro propaganda!, how was "
" &amp; Sour Soup, Roast Pork Bun &amp; Pork Dumpling, Ho's Bakery, Chinatown, Manchester.  19th in a series of food . "
"275 Chinese vessels sail near Pagasa; PH files diplomatic protest "
"Goldman-Backed Chinese online pet store Boqii plans IPO "
"Today's Economic &amp; #Commodity #Futures Perspectives/Chinese trade talks continue tomorrow in Washington mee "
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat? "
" &amp;  Regarding the Chinese having spies asking 2nd graders if they read a #Bible in their ho "
"On a bus to Antwerp, sitting behind a Chinese woman who lives full-time in Ghana. In love with Belgium so far."
"Chinese kindergarten teacher detained after allegedly poisoning 23 children  "
"mfw xiaomi phone prices are suddenly justified because the chinese gov't could be colluding with them to inject scr "
"I/O Coin (IOC) will be listed on Hong Kong based exchange FEX. "
" Same Chinese who were steamrolled by Japanese in WW 2, yet show kungfu singlehandedly defeating Ja "
" : Fan Bingbing, the world biggest movie star, vanished without a trace last year. But it was what happened next that sent a"
" Chinese are getting overconfident since no one dares oppose them ,this will only force countries like "
" : In Chinese fandoms,  (American Imperialism) is an expression used to refer to the most popular ship, the fandom is so"
"Trinidad: No bail for Chinese nationals charged in sex "
"  "
"So what's up with China? Are they still pissy with Canada but love Maud Lewis so much they just have to have this e "
""
"chinese? "
"nagiging chinese pala ako magtype pag sabog chinekwA ching chong"
" : China is not a developing country in the digital economy, says CEO Xiaofei Yao of Chinese e-commerce biz Rogrand at #U"
"Chinese companies are investing huge sums in the absolute monarchy, part of an infrastructure drive aimed at exten "
"This "
"  mmm. Just wait when these so called Driverless Trucks hit the roads (cough cough) Just imagine the "
"Two Chinese J-11 fighter jets crossed the Taiwan Strait  line on Sunday, stoking a 10-minute standoff wit "
" : Some creative ways to set up tables in a Chinese restaurant. "
" : Lately I have been obsessed with awesome-sounding ancient Chinese titles. in this thread and I will bestow a (comp"
"My Chinese friend can sleep for africa name is JI MA SUN"
"Agree! But please be noted that here China means CCP not Chinese people "
"Watching &amp; hearing the news na ang daming /chinese related issues sa bansa *iba ang chinoy sa taga mainland "
"  Another store? Ya I dont want my data info ect sold to the Chinese. But go ahead have an g "
"Meanwhile, China seems to be deploying a ground-based A-SAT laser cannon by next year... ://t.co/Sw0EXgjgaq"
" Been thinking about having an all Tesla/ EV fleet for my company. When will we realize that? Chinese EV M "
""
"  yeah you can't be successful in business if you dont hide your character behind a mask. "
" think we are concerned about the livelihood of fishermen from both sides. And if they think they can fish in the "
" Biden's son made enormous sums of money from the Ukrainian and Chinese governments WHILE he was VP dealing w "
" : Aku tk minat kpop,tpi ak minat movie korea,genre perang pun gempak, recommend this The Great Battle to you all,"
"cutie ng chinese version uwuuuu "
"ganap na Chinese na tayo !! "
"#FLASH: Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen has ordered a  expulsion of PLA warplanes next time they cross th "
"NOTHING WAS DONE TO PROTECT AMERICA -- gotta make sure she wins! OBAMA'S WATCH  intel community's IG foun "
" : It is confirmed by an official that there will be an appointment for Chinese beta in April.#CODMOBILE #BlackOps4 #Android#app"
" : This essay kicks off Sci-Fi Week at the China Channel. We be featuring Q&amp;As from two Chinese authors, as well as a couple"
" : Drexel C. Benton Pleads Guilty To Importing/Distributing Thousands Of Counterfeit Car Parts selling counterfeit car part"
" : The State of Chinese-fi "
" : waw may dragon, chinese new year pala itu, jok HAHSHAHBSA "
"Today's Economic &amp; #Commodity #Futures Perspectives/Chinese trade talks continue tomorrow in Washington mee "
"  watch out for the Chinese Grand Prix 2019 ... #formula1 #chinesegrandprix #TuesdayThoughts "
" : AFP: Mga barko at bangka ng China nakita sa PAG-ASA Island.  600 Chinese vessels pumalibot sa PAG-ASA Island simula En"
". What do you know about Huawei, the Chinese multinational telecommunications equipment &amp; consumer electronics manu "
" government: Get Bear Bile Farming Banned in China "
"24M-8CH logical analyser tested  7.80, you can buy an eight-channel logic analyser with a maximum sampling rat "
"   "
"Mandarin Tianying online chinese course:HSK6(),"
" Come to China and find traditional Chinese medicine"
"     saeng-ilchughahae happy Birthday and it's Korean not Chinese"
"  "
"And one tech firm, Watrix, is working on a new  recognition software that identifies people using their silh "
" :  government: Get Bear Bile Farming Banned in China "
"  Sexy hai to Heera mandi me bitho, Chinese bahut aayenge aur Pakistan economy badhegi"
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat? "
"   That would be rotten CHINESE booze."
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat? "
"Chinese City Offering Rewards for Reporting  Religious Activities, Raising Further Concerns for House Chur "
" I am the Master head of president xi jinping and i tell him seriously he must eliminate the vast economic u "
"Philippines protests hundreds of Chinese ships around disputed island "
"Sega 2020  "
"waw may dragon, chinese new year pala itu, jok HAHSHAHBSA "
" The Chinese are in town?"
" : Chinese marathon runner disqualified for cheating by riding a bike "
""
" : I made it, my son! screamed the 29-year-old as she danced in the ring before her rival, Thailand's Jarusiri Rongmuang, from"
" Ganteng,putih,mukanya kecil,matanya sipit,Chinese,gayanya kece bgt,kerempeng"
"Makasaysayang Chinese restaurant na Ma Mon Luk, kilala pa ba ng mga millennials? "
" chinese whispers...."
"Kick the Chinese Red Chapter Book  #PotentialBandName"
"Mandarin Tianying online chinese course:HSK5( ),"
"  "
"irls tadi stay di rumah karena ujan and we ended up watch 3 episodes of a chinese drama until 6 pm"
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat? "
" : MY CHINESE CLASSMATES BESIDE ME ARE TALKING ABOUT WHY BLACKPINK IS RELEASING DDDD AGAIN ON THEIR ALBUM IM WHEEZIJSHS"
" The Clinton's have been selling us out to the Chinese for over 30 years."
"       "
"   It is vastly exaggerated negative towards china.  The lady pushing it ends up having a "
" I got my share of breaking hearts :("
"   "
" : Taiwan will forcefully expel PLA warplanes next time: Tsai Ing-wen - SCMP "
"Perfectly lacquered, slow-roasted Chinese-style ribs. Marinated overnight with a cha siu-esque marinade, which is t "
" ...China has beaten us to the punch because of inaction for the last two years on the part of your "
"  Where's Amechi the man of the people. I laughed in Chinese."
"Alam mo ang gwapo nung chinese pero ewan ko beh ha di ko ba alam gwapo lang talaga hahahaa"
"   Its actually a Chinese company doing the mobile version if I remember correctly"
" : STOP EATING CHINESE FOOD  "
" "
" means chinese studies. This is my degree. My master degree is chinese linguistics and literature."
"    Torches make the ozone hole bigger or some thing. They'll be "
" : Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children's porridge - BBC News "
"Nothing says Chinese blockchain like a white guy holding dollar bills. "
""
"Chemical weapons, grenades, scenes of war each weekend in #France, the center of neo-lineralism with an insane lead "
"320 pages #HongKong #RuleOfLaw Report #RoLReport2018 in both English &amp; Chinese will be released in 11th April 2019! "
" : Simply being alive. Life is so short. "
" If you can solve the problem with an unregulated Chinese herbal salve, then I dunno. Have you tried more tiger balm?"
"Chinese tech giant Tencent has begun testing a cloud gaming platform called Start &amp; is allowing people in Shangha "
"    Chinese must have known this was enivitable. Lucky they ca "
" : ://t.co/tSumWYwSJy"
"el chino = Chinese chino se puede escribir en vertical o en horizontal.= Chinese can be written vertically or "
"T:  S:  [qiao3 ke1 li4] = chocolate qiao3 ke1 li4 han2 you3 jian1 guo3 cheng2 "
"Google's Project Dragonfly will treat Chinese as second-class information citizens. Kinda like how executives are t "
"Chinese Shipping Firm Eyes on Blockchain #Blockchain #Belfrics "
" : I wanna be as free as the chinese guy who randomly rode up to me in a parking lot on his bike once, introduced himself and"
" : An unexpected blessing is coming to you. Amazing things will happen in for you this April..."
"Chinese EV startup NIO delivered 3,989 of its first car, the ES8 SUV, in the 1st quarter of 2019. The company now "
"  That's Chinese territory and they are free to do whatever they may so wish."
" si david parang hipon na chinese puro katawan walng muka pero mabait na bata"
"Fun time identifying colors in Mandarin Chinese.  Super job, kindergarteners! #WeAreWorldClass  "
"Kontron and Regional Partners Announce Major Russian and Chinese #Avionics Contracts. Over 500 #Aircraft to be outf "
"#ChinaLayas://t.co/Pkj18vFutl"
" : From Indonesia's largest cross-sea bridge, to Chinese automaker's plant in Indonesia, and the under-constructed Jakarta-Bandung"
"Yep just what Philippines needs,Chinese Communist Party running things. "
"      "
" : Academic bullying is so common in countries like China and Spain! Finally, this douchebag has been punished for his arroga"
"Pati damit ng teachers ng Sayans sa grad Chinese influenced na rin hngnhnghng Chong ebriwer #ShiShi"
" Another Chinese revolution..."
" GM and Chrysler products are made in Mexico out of Chinese parts. They are then shipped via rail into America for distribution."
"   Keep fighting taco! Here from your Chinese fan."
"How tf am I suppose to translate a English essay to Chinese if I don fucking know Chinese."
" : null "
"Before finding out internal discrimination in semeshit (jokes) , experienced that bs firsthand from 1 sekolah agama "
"China's government said it was a military test: "
" : Chinese Academy of Science partners with UPV for seaweed development oceanography development and oceanography is"
" : This shit irks me to the moon, pluto, and back then here come oh you wanna date only chinese &gt;_&gt; no u dumb bitch got t"
" bruh its not hard to make fanmeeting or showcase for the group not talking about chinese variety shows "
"Sabi ng Chinese ambassador to the Philippines na tratuhin daw nang maayos ang mahuhuling ILLEGAL Chinese workers di "
"Did you know Panthera zdanskyi. The species was found in the Chinese province of Gansu and is believed to have live "
"Roughly Chinese spotted near a disputed island in the South China Sea is alarming the Philippines "
"I once asked to use the restroom at a chinese place after a night of partying, turned right instead of left and end "
""
" : Updates..Malaysia Open. Women's singles 1st Round.  No 1 and top seed Tai Tzu Ying of Chinese Taipei moved into"
" : LOOK: New Chinese restaurant in Las Pi City that caters mostly to Chinese construction workers of a development site. Fi"
"New post: 300  | ://t.co/kj7PkMmFd7"
" Lets settle this = Nationalist Modi = Chinese Gandhi"
"Chinese boxer trounces stereotypes, depression to become  of the Ring  "
" : On tv patrol hirap  si panelo to explain from 600 to 275 lang daw imagine 300 vessels in pagasa. Kasi daw bow ang binibi"
" : Unable to renew their Chinese passports, a family lives in uncertanty in Istanbul, without Turkish work or residency p"
""
"      "
"#Crowdfunded doc A Winter With Delivery Workers describes the plight of Chinese delivery men, typically in their "
"  "
"Chinese fusion food dinner  Forebidden "
"This is Chinese also. "
"  Bitcoin: in 3 mining pools we trust, in block stream and core devs we trust, in Chinese gover "
"Chinese kindergarten teacher detained after allegedly poisoning 23 children "
" Well, I think I have a round face and the Chinese think it's lucky, so I'm good.  "
"South American countries that want to attract more Chinese tourists need strong B2B and B2C marketing strategies. R "
" : On this day in 2010, Chinese authorities sentenced to life in prison Gulmira Imin, a Muslim Uighur advocate and website adminis"
" We must clarify our common enemy is the Chinese Communist Party.  The 1.4 billion poor Chinese peopl "
"Is the increased presence of Chinese vessels around Pag-asa island part of China's so-called 'cabbage' strategy? Ma "
"anti national,pro Pakistani,pro Chinese and most Fuc promises made that will divide India further ,all hardcore "
" :  Watching American werewolf in London with my parents and eating Chinese chicken which was covered in blood col"
"Not unit of Korean Peninsula.  Chinese unit.  Israel unit.  French unit.  Spanish unit.  Saudi "
" In 2020, the American  media will make Chinese propaganda media look legit."
"  If ur that fat it not healthy and it only a matter of time before you have compl "
" : Chinese beauty blogger becomes the internet's latest sensation, with her incredible skill of transforming looks. See h"
" Lol  Indian  &amp; Chinese ?"
"  Great now we get to look forward to millions of Chinese ppl plundering our porridge supplies."
"://t.co/tSumWYwSJy"
" I heard that negroes and Chinese have huge differences in genes to the rest of Humankind!"
"All this girls be dating and be claiming Daniels Boo, Mike's Boo etc that's how you'll date Chinese guy who's Name "
""
"Ex-DFA chief to Chinese envoy: If it's fabrication, who put artificial islands there?-CBN News at Apr 0 "
"Whatever Lizard Guy... 200+, 600 or however many Chinese boats are out there YOU ARE A LIAR. Filed that Diplomati "
"  Then there is Chinese American  calling another Chinese American a chink. Lead by "
"  Has Chinese killed your father or rapped your mother?"
"tokay kedai chinese friendly boek. aok boleh borok sejam dengan dia "
" we should give a bloody nose to the devious treacherous Chinese when circumstances are appropriate"
" You mean USB type C. Get it in Chinese shops ke P50"
" DKSJDKSJ it's spider in chinese, it's what the chinese fans called spiders at one point ahahahjahsjdj"
" :   It is not farfetched for China to meddle in Phil elections so only candidates sympathetic wi"
"On tv patrol hirap  si panelo to explain from 600 to 275 lang daw imagine 300 vessels in pagasa. Kasi daw bow ang b "
" :   This is our war. Stop buying Chinese products as the money generated is given to pak,"
"Giving #China a stake in institutions such as WTO would bind it into the rules-based system. But what if that same "
"#Malaysia could have been so much more if not for the agenda and the policies that have discriminated and sidelined "
" : The Chinese company Huawei has been strongly criticised in a report by the body overseeing the security of its products in UK"
" Remember to drink plenty of fluids and if you can drink something warm,, my chinese teacher says o "
" Chinese congee, skip the ginger but add winter squash or butternut for some flavour and white pepper "
"after classes i have to make a whole oral presentation for chinese class tomorrow and Boy how to do this"
" : Chinese Customs Data Points to 72% Dip in Ferrous Scrap Imports: The primary source of ferrous scrap imports by China wa"
" I worked at China Daily &amp; was definitely looked down on by foreign journalists in Beijing, incl. some who "
"BlackRock ramps up its bullish outlook for the Chinese economy ://t.co/0R3ta9jZyt"
"Hahahahahahahahahahaha ngina Pinas, anyare sayo? Sinasakop ka nanaman. Loan, Scarborough, Lipa, Chinese constructio "
"When the Hoovers did not want to be overheard by White House guests, they spoke to each other in Chinese."
"At  for symposium on corporate social responsibility, with case studies on, e.g., North Korean forced l "
" : Chinese parking: everyone just writes their phone numbers on the windshield. If you want to leave, you start making phone ca"
"'Chinese kleuterjuf gearresteerd na vergiftigen van 23 kinderen' "
" : CONFIRMED: Waltonchain subsidiary, Xiamen IOT Technology, is listed on the list of the first 197 blockchain companies na"
" Paper clay daw pero parang nde HHAHAHA di ko lam brand kasi chinese characters yung plastic"
" : How many of the 25 security clearance are Russian spies or Chinese spies???"
" Chinese new year finally in fruition"
" : Nearly 900 students have been offered admission to one of New York City's most elite public high schools. Only 7 of those stud"
"bakit parang pinagtatanggol ng gobyerno yung mga chinese"
"         "
"Chinese Name: Liu Xian Hua (  )"
"Me: lol I'm like the least chinese-y chinese I ever knew  me: *repeatedly bows to ppl older than me for no reason*"
"The person who says it cannot be done should not interrupt the person who is doing it. Chinese Prover"
"Pendant ce temps le #BayernMunich continue  cartonner en #Chine et signe un accord de #sponsoring r avec la "
"How many of the 25 security clearance are Russian spies or Chinese spies???"
"Not sure if this fits here, but I kind of got some vaporwave vibes from it. Found it at my local Asian Supermarket, "
" Look! #Ethiopian mob beats #Chinese business owners and their associates as the #Ethiopia armed Arm "
" "
". Capital announced on Monday that it will invest $117 million in 14 startups including Chinese companies Clo "
" : One more update. Forever 7th Capital x Cardcaptor Sakura is an upcoming collaboration. Forever 7th Capital is a chinese/japa"
"Pref: conyo kid, chinese or may chinese blood (stupid squinty eyes will do tbh), matangkad, basketball fuckboy."
"State of this. She has more chins than a Chinese phone book. "
"Factories pick up Calming Investors - U.S. and Chinese #manufacturing sectors showed signs of stabilizing in March "
"'Chinese kleuterjuf gearresteerd na vergiftigen van 23 kinderen' "
"Why am I watching Chinese Youtube Vlogs.. Aixhsjsbabvsjxnd's good though."
"Hey bros those Chinese lakers fans want to know which player of Lakers should we keep in this summer? "
" Craig Burley:  VAR in the Chinese 2nd division yet we have to put up with this horror show every weekend"
"I neverrrr seen an angry Chinese person "
"?  "
"   possibly someone wants to push a story like we need to do more to make s "
""
" *Communists* purged brutally later. Recent surge of Chinese nationalism is something which gives me cautious hope."
" Hi.... We can deliver Pizza, Shawarma, Burger, Chinese Rice, Noodles and Shredded chicken to your doorstep "
"Did the most Chinese thing I done today by cooking spaghetti with a cast iron wok and wok spatula. Not surprised "
"So that's how they see Filipinos, too stupid that they have to import Chinese workers just to do construction works "
" : Chinese idol Deng Langyi getting all excited seeing  projects for tae at the airport. He even uses Tat"
"  HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHA ggo tabangan pako ninyo sa chinese ugma"
" :  government : STOP yulin festival! "
"Top 4 Differences Between American and Chinese Grocery Stores "
"Not buying a #HuaweiP30Pro  then. Stop Chinese Prisoners Forced Organ donation programmes "
"Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children's porridge "
""
"Chinese hackers make Tesla drive into oncoming traffic (VIDEO) "
" She's got more chins than a Chinese phone book"
"  "
" "
" : In retaliation to China vetoing the ban against Masood Azhar, Patanjali Ayurved Limited founder Baba Ramdev has asked Indi"
" : World's population comparison by nation in one chart...students, majoring in international business or foreign relatio"
"Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children porridge(BBC) "
" : New post (Top 5 Cheapest Chinese RC Car You Can Buy in 2018  UNDER $30 #BESTREVIEWS) has been published on RC Cars Review Vi"
"Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children porridge(BBC) "
"   that  bastard is a turncoat when in power set a certain narrative "
" Seriously!?!? A DDDemocrat taking advantage of a situation. Might be some Chinese collusion happenin "
"So sad to hear the bad news,they are Chinese Heroes who always protect our lives and property.Without them we can't "
" Organizational Consultant Cathy Perme touches on why the first book she wrote is a labor of love "
"  Been meeting the Chinese diplomats very frequently , should have thought about fighting "
"  Does your dumbass genuinely believe that medical facilities are going to be affected by shady Chinese "
" The Chinese appear tall because Duterte is on his knees"
" : Nice piece in traditional Chinese on #RadicalMarkets: "
"my gasp ang daming walang trabaho sa pilipinas pero nagiimport kayo ng mga chinese na construction worker na kayang "
"Deport all Chinese back to China."
"Military to monitor West PH Sea after Chinese vessels sighted "
"mas matindi pa talaga ung scandal ni paredes kesa sa chinese workers na may permit eh nu? TANGINA NIYO OPEN UR MINDS!!!"
" : Nearly 70% of Chinese who have bought an electric car regret it "
" :  ://t.co/1l4jbpzDjs translate ver.://t.co/zPbUIevZv6://t.co/9mAaM8"
" FF"
"bat may mga sariling chinese construction workers na itong mga ching chong na to nakikidayo lng?"
"Calendars since creation of earth: BC AD Islamic Calendar Chinese Calendar .. BKM (Before Khashoggi Mur "
" "
" YES GET IT CHINESE DRAMA"
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat? - Bitcoin News "
" "
"#CLON dont forget BOLIVIA Sources claim that Xinjiang TBEA plans to partner with Bolivia on salts flats of Pastos G "
" : Fentanyl an ABSOLUTE KILLER DRUG. 72,000 overdose deaths last year. Primary lethal agent Chinese Fentanyl. "
"Nagagalit ako sa pangaangkin ng Chinese pero gustong gusto ko ang Huawei HAHAHAHAHAHA shet.  MyPhone na lang nga b "
"   What's about? I dont understand chinese"
" can i use your map in my server look so nice . am a chinese so my english may not good  but i like it"
" : Bolton says US commitments to Taiwan Relations Act 'are clear' after Chinese jet incursion "
"#WAGA2019 was just kicked off with an invigorating Lion Dance! The lion symbolizes power, wisdom and prosperity in "
" happy chinese new year"
"should i write wen junhui/xu minghao if there is a make a sentence question for my chinese exam"
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat? "
"Sega 2020  "
" #CLON dont forget BOLIVIA Sources claim that Xinjiang TBEA plans to partner with Bolivia on salts flats "
" Chinese Burner. A Chinese science fiction writer goes to Burning Man. #burningman "
""
"#Oil prices climbed to nearly five-month highs on #Tuesday, supported by firm #Chinese #economic data that eased de "
" : AwesomeCapital: Novartis announces Chinese approval of Cosentyx fo... "
" who likes Chinese?"
" : According to reports, more than 120 soldiers from the Chinese People Liberation Army arrived at Venezuela Margarit"
" : Chinese schools are using facial recognition to monitor students. In some cases, students don even know they being watc"
"Unrelated but, i had this old racist patient patient: I ONLY WANT CHINESE SINGAPOREAN TO TAKE CARE OF ME!!!! "
"  Great news Top Cat Trump,. Please take back Subic Harbour Philippines!!  Puk the Chinese off,"
" can you speak Chinese"
""
"puro Chinese nasa balita amp ano na???? nararamdaman niyo na ba???????"
"China can afford to splash the cash and play global Monopoly like no other nation.  Which other country could have "
" : April 2 top news congestion dents mfg growth://t.co/JHvYeUld6T flags Customs corruption, red tape"
"Congratulations to Kevin Kelley and Will Packard for being this week's Students Thanks-a-Latte recipients. They wen "
"Chinese province Hunan targets UK market #news"
" : The Chinese KNOW very well that they have the support of Plastic Leaders who will always protect them. FROM State House to a"
"so pissed with how the government clearly tell lies to protect the chinese incursion in wps."
"  That i am not alone. That my dreams mean something. That I should never surrender, never give u "
" Yes, I'm Chinese think ...wider range of applications can be slowly upgraded()Sor "
" Hillary Clinton put classified inf on Internet equivalent of public park bench. And the Chinese may hav "
"  United except when Italy goes and invites the Chinese in to their market..."
" :   I think we really need to look closely at the Democrats for China-Pakistan connections."
" Accidentally in Love (chinese) da best "
" This really stunned me! OK, read this n got a parking fine ticket. BTW, the Chinese believe stalled "
" "
" : Ay ooops nagsigning of MOU na pala ang U/P/V at ang Chinese Academy of Science hahahahah kaya pala quiet sa issue on f"
" : Chinese hacking groups to ramp up cyber attacks on some industries, experts say "
" in Gainesville FL I saw  a Chinese place call  Takey Outie!"
" : This new Japanese era slogan is really ticking off the Chinese!The characters stand for 'Orderly &amp; peace and some see"
" Dem get wealthy Chinese and Israeli owners."
"i found someone cheating in pvp but their username is in very complicated chinese characters idk how to report them..."
"Funny how the PH government provides SPECIAL working permit for Chinese workers even tho it's supposedly illegal. M "
"India activates strategic ITBP command from J-K to counter Chinese build up #chinese"
"Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children's porridge "
"Have you ever been in a talent show?  Chinese Bridge "
"may lahi ka bang japanese or chinese  both "
"i thought this was that other pw from the chinese series but eh i was wrong "
"So he was speaking ?  He as much Hispanic as I am Chinese......  needs to give it a rest...... "
"According to reports, more than 120 soldiers from the Chinese People Liberation Army arrived at Venezuela Marg "
" :  As usual the Chinese won "
"It warms my heart seeing Chinese bergaul dengan Malay , and also Indian talking to Chinese"
"Idk about you, but somehow many cases like this happened from Malay, then people will take services from chinese, w "
"Planning to go to China? Learn #Mandarin #Chinese basics using Pinterest://t.co/XAqVPlTdcL "
"In Chinese history,there are an emperor named Wang  Mang,who was an idealist.I don't know why I always feel that th "
""
" The greatest success I ever had was switching to a Mediterranean diet. At that time I completely av "
" "
"  You didn't get a Chinese hug like Joe did.://t.co/9XkGSEPxxu"
" Kaye, the UN special rapporteur on the promotion and protection of the right to freedom of opinion and expre "
"Five California Residents Arrested For Helping Chinese Nationals Take English Proficiency Exams To Get US Student V "
"  I think they would provide services to anyone that paid for it. That how businesses w "
"Want to learn Chinese with Seve?://t.co/wZtDIuBLNm"
" : China announced on Monday that it would treat all variants of the powerful opioid fentanyl as controlled substances, making goo"
"Ulasan Adimpil: awal lihat, bumbu2nya udah unik sih soyu, sama minyak cabe. Di kepala udah kebayang ras "
"Julius Malema slams Chinese influence on Africa as he calls for  "
"Chinese province Hunan targets UK market "
"AwesomeCapital: Novartis announces Chinese approval of Cosentyx fo... "
" : #Tibet the Chinese Government's #religious front, the controversial #cult #Shugden, a political weapon utilised to un"
"The Eastern Ports used to be very busy until 2006 when Pres Obasanjo cancelled their incentives. PMB spent  $30M in "
"Julius Malema slams Chinese influence on Africa as he calls for  "
"Chinese tech giant Tencent plans $5 billion dollar bond sale: sources "
" It's more 'Germania' Hitler's mental wank fantasy about a post war Berlin. Except instead of gaudy Ro "
"A growing sense of rivalry with China has apparently prompted Abe and other key Cabinet members to distance themse "
" : Firefighters in southwest China have contained a forest blaze after it claimed the lives of 27 firefighters and three others, loca"
"Wow, the language sounds so Chinese. I just noticed it today. Hmmmm "
"stir fry recipes  Sauce Chicken Fun Explicit Tees "
" : On Many occasisons Kill the Boer'=white  Utterances against Indians /Chinese/coloureds /Traditional leaders etc! "
" Could we see a Chinese winner?"
" : Climate Change Alarmists Routinely Ignore Chinese Flouting Of Paris Accords | Zero Hedge "
"And im still in episode 9 HOW DO YALL WATCH IT WHY DOES EVERYONE SPEAK CHINESE "
" China is working for next Chinese generation - next Chinese generation will operate Pakistan ! An "
"Blackpink offical (tiktok chinese version) account uploads all members teaser videos expect ROS...ROS and "
"chinese ppl invading philippines is so damn scary "
"Taiwan will forcibly expel Chinese planes after recent Taiwan Strait boundary violation: "
"On 30 August 2016, a suicide vehicle-borne improvised explosive device (SVBIED), or car bomb, crashed through th "
"Vehicle emissions: A major Chinese study last year proposed a connection between pollution and lowered cognitive p "
"   26 /11, blast in Delhi, Mumbai, and other parts of country what else yo "
"Really want to know? Because of Ericsson, Nokia, Apple, Samsung, Chinese phone makers, and most importantly Google. "
"Chinese and Biometrics to Move U.S. Headquarters to Alpharetta - Global Atlanta "
"All of which the Chinese purged brutally later "
"Taiwan will forcibly expel Chinese planes after recent Taiwan Strait boundary violation: "
"Who has a white chinese costume? "
"   us be a handsome adult together. believe you can do it. "
"I've been to space 4 life group this morning. Today we did Chinese brush art (I think that's what it is lol). The l "
"Jamaica: Cops Working To Protect MoBay Chinese Business "
"#Cuba will show its excellence in products and services for tourism as a participant in the 16th World Travel Fair "
" : Hello Twitter, we make the best New York style Pizza, ,   with shredded chicken  Rice  Abu"
" :  1 Padma Shri Award  2 National Awards 4 Filmfare Awards Best Foreign actor at Chinese Film festival . Versatile"
" mujhe aik perfume refill karwana tha"
" Just my 50% Chinese blood manifesting itself at just the right time"
" Hatch a plan at Riverbank Buffet this #Easter and tuck into an egg-citing array of Chinese dishes! "
"Climate Change Alarmists Routinely Ignore Chinese Flouting Of Paris Accords | Zero Hedge "
"I'm gonna go get chinese food then watch ly dvd while i eat "
" : Hey  , just received my package and may I ask why is there a Hong Kong shipping label on my Chine"
" Aapke larkiaan sab Han chinese logon ke vahan bikne jaati hai. Chinese log inko drug khila khila k "
"This is an interesting dilemma staff are refusing to allow their company to work on projects, where does this l "
"just got asked to show ID buying Shaoxing wine in a Chinese supermarket...!(anyone who knows me will know how une "
"Novartis announces Chinese approval of Cosentyx for psoriasis "
" : Big win for  CHINA ..... they decided ... that all Chinese Christian Bishops priests will be appointed by Chinese governm"
"On To The Next: #SportPesaRacing F1 Team Eyes Chinese GP Improvement  "
"Chinese tech giant Tencent plans US$5 billion bond sale: Sources "
"Ay ooops nagsigning of MOU na pala ang U/P/V at ang Chinese Academy of Science hahahahah kaya pala quiet sa issue o "
"Magpatayo din kaya ako ng chinese milk tea shop para mapatugtog ko yung mga chinese songs na fave ko HAHAHAHAH"
"Like the way the Chinese invaders dealt with the Tibetans ? "
"Lastly, our favourite taho also has Chinese roots. It came from the Hokkien word 'ta-h . In Mandarin,  d "
"Avoiding Biden Chinese investment using his son as the invester!Elected American Public figures cannot invest int "
"paano kayo naguusap ng bebe mong chinese? ching chong?"
" Of course. Typical chinese look. Way mga tatsa kasuyaaaa HAHAHA"
"Great Chinese noodle place in the heart of Munich. Recommended! #maxsbeefnoodles  Max's Beef Noodles "
"new game. Look at a tweet and the initial comment. Then at the last few replies, if there 50 or so I bet the disc "
" Multi-tailed foxes exist in Chinese and Japanese mythology; they're just called different things."
" Either 4, so Tzuyu can explain to me in Chinese, or 7, so Jihyo can meet another lefty."
"Chinese Travelers Seeing More Sights at Night "
"Chinese kleuterleidster aangehouden voor vergiftigen 23 kindjes ... gelezen via "
"Chinese hacking groups to ramp up cyber attacks on some industries, experts say "
"Chinese beauty blogger becomes the internet's latest sensation, with her incredible skill of transforming looks. Se "
"  Uh he sold us out to the Chinese to make his sons and family rich.  All while smiling a "
"  ingin pc dino please juseyoo sbm ya goodluck "
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under? "
" What can we gain from politics, While Chinese are developing, u are there talking of politics aaaah,"
"Mad how quick Chinese people scran there food"
" Chinese food yh?"
"  Are the logo similar? Italians/Chinese/Indonesian Inter are not smart. I would've tr "
"/g/"
" :  #             beautiful Poem in #Urdu by a #Chinese Po"
" : #PICInquiry Surve says neither the PIC nor the Chinese have funded Independent Media, Only Sekunjalo has funded the company, "
" : This is what we call how low can the expectation bar go with Chinese characteristics "
" :       steam may had a data breach, but its one of t"
"Chinese kindergarten teacher detained after allegedly poisoning 23 children - CNN #SmartNews"
" : We are surrounded by Chinese vessels, even up to Batangas? Don't count on this government to do anything. In fact, they"
" : Chinese doctors bowing down to an 11 year old boy with brain cancer who saved several lives by donating his organs. Ch"
"Chinese GDP figures seem to be  plucked from thin air. "
"..If it wasn't for Chinese cheap good deflation holding up the world economy &amp; THE 10 YEAR ZERO INTEREST RATES 4 the crooks"
"#TVPatrol Chinese dredging vessel sa Lobo, Batangas, walang permit ayon sa lokal na pamahalaan "
" Lived next to it for a year, Chinese and Arabs seem to understand it well enough."
"   Seriously, we need a loan limit now. Please God as the learned one sa "
" : It is not economical to go to bed early to save the candles if the result is twins. ~ Chinese Proverb [17420] #proverbs"
"  I think we really need to look closely at the Democrats for China-Pakistan connec "
"  He sold us out to Chinese to make his family rich.  Stop it already."
"38 million Chinese consumers used online resale platforms in 2017, up from 1.5 million in 2014. "
"Sad greedy shameful Chinese food processing companies; injecting water, E451 and other phosphates in the Norwegian "
" China be a leader in any field when the state insists on ideological conformity? - good question "
"nothing i haven't learned from chinese "
" : Kina Filippinerna protesterar mot kinesiska fartyg i omtvistade vatten "
"#brexit is currently like trying to choose what to have for dinner with your partner. You want Indian, they want ch "
"Did Deep State Cover Up Chinese Hack of Hillary Clinton's Email System? "
" : Meet the man who bet on Chinese debt #TheDebtIssue"
" Why don we as a country stop allowing anchor babies. If your baby can be a citizen just becaus "
"   / Chinese Akrapovic "
" Baka courtesy of Chyna. You know. Dedma lang talaga. I'm more concerned of these Chinese vessels."
" : Captain Wu Haiyan will lead a mature Chinese team to chase the glory at FIFA Women's WC in France, as she tells "
"mi padre est haciendo  aka homemade chinese ramen y estoy as "
"  This is Chinese not Japanese"
"Meet the man who bet on Chinese debt #TheDebtIssue"
"  I have this theory that the Chinese were/are held back by the complexity of the writing syste "
"Chinese hacking groups to ramp up cyber attacks on some industries, experts say "
"Chinese hacking groups to ramp up cyber attacks on some industries, experts say "
" : CHINA: big 2-day ramp for Chinese stocks with Shanghai closing up another +2.6% overnight = Bullish TREND  htt"
" so do all their Chinese takeaway ducks I think"
"Check out Hua Mulan Oriental Porcelain 3D Doll Art Hand Painted  Framed Shadow Box #Chinese "
"i come to the conclusion the only reason my boobs have got bigger is bcos of the amount of fucking chinese i eat "
" I want a chinese name too"
"An alleged Chinese dredging vessel seen in Lobo, Batangas since Thursday last week had caused alarm among residents "
"korean, Japanese, Chinese, Spanish &amp; Germany "
"  The great guy sold us out to the Chinese to enrich his family.  The facts are there, all y "
"  So now the Russians and the Chinese are in South America because Trump thinks the Monr "
"Keep Australian business going, buy their overpriced Chinese tat brought in a forty foot container.  It makes you f "
"Gahd puro tungkol sa Chinese na mga nasa balita ngayon jusko bye Pinas "
" : I march for life because my mom believed I was worth the risk of defying the oppressive, Chinese government to give birth"
"India, US, Japan, Australia should work for recognition of Taiwan as a separate nation. Economically, Taiwan is way "
"Eastern Ancient Wisdom (Excerpt 7) 2000, the ancient Chinese philosopher Confucius (551 BC - 479 BC) said: "
" aye you could do that then, order a chinese or something and just have a chill day,,,"
"Have Pence, Pompeii, Bolton and Trump et al just been snookered by the Russians and Chinese? "
"Chinese PET prices modestly up despite lack of upstream support #plasticsnews #PET"
"Rarely do we find Chinese, Japanese &amp; Koreans eating fast foods manje ise, it's a symbol of status."
"Fire Breaks out on Chinese Cargo Ship - 2 Dead://t.co/NsRJaegocp#Maritime #Shipping #News #Risk #Safety "
"Falling in love is suicide - Chinese friend, 2019"
"Updates..Malaysia Open. Women's singles 1st Round.  No 1 and top seed Tai Tzu Ying of Chinese Taipei moved i "
" : Chinese officials told this Kazakh Muslim woman she'd be detained for education. Instead, she was given 437 days of forced la"
"  know only three chinese words."
" : Taiwan scrambles jets to confront Chinese fighters after rare incursion "
" : Give it to the #Chinese. Someone already registered #Reiwa # , the name for the new #Japanese era, as trademark in #C"
"  Those are different markings though. The intake triangles appear to have writing on them, w "
"'Chinese kleuterjuf gearresteerd na vergiftigen van 23 kinderen'. "
"    Except for the the Chinese camps for re-training MILLIONS of minorities. "
" :   Chinese baby wit a Boosie fade took me out "
""
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat? via Bitcoin News #Cryptocurrency "
"Belt and Road: A Chinese World Order Bruno Ma (   ) ://t.co/57nNO2KDQJ"
" : Maka chinese ha "
"Charlie now cares about how the Chinese gets business done and with whom all the while Ivanka is making out like a "
"   Searching tentang chinese money trap bang.."
"Reheated Chinese omelette and stodgy rice for dinner. My body loves* me right now."
"[ABS-CBN] Chinese fishers can stay in disputed waters, but militia should go  Palace | "
"      do you want for diner tonight? bout C "
"[ABS-CBN] Chinese fishers can stay in disputed waters, but militia should go  Palace | "
"Chinese hackers make Tesla drive into oncoming traffic (VIDEO) "
" : Talk about a major diss of Trump. In layman's terms, this is the equivalent of your adversary strolling into your bedro"
" :  How come  driver the Chinese spy was never investigated"
" : BTS with the birth flower 12    Clematis 4    Camellia 9    Japanese Andromeda 18    Dandelion"
"[ABS-CBN] Chinese fishers can stay in disputed waters, but militia should go  Palace | "
"Gusto mo yun, check pantaya ng chinese kong boss sa lotto"
"New post (Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat?) has been published on Crypto Mainfram "
"  Who cares you are a dope.  If u think what u see with your own eyes is not creepy you r "
"Trump says Google CEO committed to US, not Chinese military. "
"King's College London and The Chinese University of Hong Kong have renewed their long-standing partnership. "
"Late last month Chinese startup Linkspace successfully completed its first hop test of their vertical takeoff, vert "
"Who is going to feed this 100,000invaders? hate us but they want to come to USA? department please "
"Reports of a large armada of #Chinese boats surrounding a #Philippine-occupied island in the #SouthChinaSea has ren "
"Latest: Chinese soldiers remains to be returned to China from ROK| CCTV English "
"Chinese Visual Identity-Based #AI Solutions Provider ReadSense Raises Series B Round "
"Powerful country, the sad fate we exper "
" : Pretty interesting that a Chinese exchange is at the center a crypto's bump up"
" I can't stop laughing...I don't understand Chinese but I can tell he's done with everyone."
" : # #zhuyilong #actor #chinese #asianactors #asian #beauty #Model #perfectboy #handsome #photography #photographer #weibo"
"://t.co/QjrlkPrYU9"
"YOU took money from the farmers when you declared your trade war with China.  Chinese are not buying your farme "
"Taiwan to Block Chinese Streaming Sites Ahead of Election #InfoSecMag"
" Is that Chinese for ouch??"
"Chinese-style spaghetti and fish? Yes, please, sign me up! "
" : Chinese government : STOP yulin festival! - Firma la petizione! "
"  Everyone has their opinion CJ, &amp; I agree with you... but I will also cut him slack due to "
"Chinese teacher accused of serving poisoned porridge to 23 children "
" : Chinese girl Lin Mengyao (Sapna, )learned Urdu in NUML in Islamabad. She shared views about Pakistan with Usman Khan (),w"
"in  One Chinese Restaurant Li ["
"Pupils began vomiting and fainting after breakfast at the Chinese school. "
" :        "
" : # smile #zhuyilong #actor #chinese #asianactors #asian #beauty #Model #perfectboy #handsome #photography #phot"
"spy cam Chinese guy in gym locker room 001 #NgecrotTube #chinese #locker"
" pengen photocard dino juseyooo "
" : Lodiamo Dio che  ritornato vittorioso | Coro di lode 18 spettacoloIo son l e l, il primo e l, il pri"
"Chef depot chinese food deket rumahq mirip jjy aku terkejud. Kirain jjy kabur dari polisi"
"tv: mga chinese na construction worker nagkaroon ng special permit kahit bawak ang dayuhan magconstruction worker "
"  "
"#Chinese #polyamide filament demand weakens with rising prices "
"Chinese authorities offer rewards to those who snitch on Christians #readlater #feedly"
"China is hot, maar onbegrepen. Daarom is oud-correspondent China, , terug met zijn boek De Chinese "
" : Perhaps false equivalence but longtime CCP strategy is to claim authority over ethnic Chinese the world over, including thos"
"  want Chinese or English ver plz "
"Lashkar-e-Congress is mainstreaming traitorous behaviour as well as making fun of Hinduism! has prove "
"Chinese #acrylic fibre producers cut production due to high feedstock costs "
"Dozens of Chinese cities are spending big on construction projects, despite having shrinking populations...90 offi "
" : Wife tells  PRC has offered to help US free Wang Xiyue from Iran, w/ significant implications. Awful ordeal "
"It happening. army arrives in Venezuela just days after the Russian miltary "
" : Diplomatic protest ng  kaugnay ng sangkatutak na Chinese vessels sa Pag-asa Island, hindi isasapubliko, ayon kay Sec. Teod"
" : #Shazam this chinese poster looks good "
"According to [MS Italy] Charles Leclerc's engine problem in Bahrain has been examined in Maranello. it seems like i "
" : [Interview] with Keke, the queen of Chinese Warcraft III! is our first original article, I hope you can enjoy this"
"  Unless you have a dad that helps you out. "
"Small small chinese donations and you think you can give a lecture on not paying interns is the epitome of shite thinking i swear, fuck!"
"Hey  , just received my package and may I ask why is there a Hong Kong shipping label on my C "
"spy cam Chinese guy in gym locker room 001 #NgecrotTube #chinese #locker"
"METALS-Nickel leads pack as base metals rise on trade talk progress, China data boost | Reuters "
" : [GIVEAWAY] Seventeen SG 2019 , Seungkwan: tweet ini tweet "
"China is following an arrogant practice of prefering a country in trade relations which toes the Chinese line of re "
"Akala ko talaga ako lang yung nairita don sa movie ni jake cuenca na may subtitle in chinese"
" : [WTS] season greeting 2019 making dvd 80k (sealed yaa) shopee kokk, tanya tanya? dm okee #wts #SEVEN"
" 1/6 Dutch, 1/6 Indian, 1/6 Thai, 1/6 Chinese, 1/6 Malay, 1/6 Eurasian - 100% moron  "
" : malay , chinese and indians hidup aman damai je .... yang pecah belahkan mereka adalah politicians...Hanya untuk raih undi"
"Craving a chinese oooof"
"The Philippines says hundreds of Chinese ships have been lurking near an island it occupies in the disputed South C "
"spy cam Chinese guy in gym locker room 001 #NgecrotTube #chinese #locker"
"The #Philippines is part of the first island chain and thus within the Chinese orbit. It of vital interest to "
" : Oh and of all the MDs being investigated for drugs notice how the one getting the most media attention is one Chinese w"
"   "
"Wow!  Manchurian Mountains just sold for 162665000 at Sotheby's in Hong Kong #auction #sothebys"
"I never eaten Asian food. When I go to Chinese restaurants I always get pizza  and chicken  "
" 9 7 "
"  People sell Chinese knockoffs of $25 Washington Nationals baseball caps for $5 across the street "
"I  have  a  dream  that  bad movies will be  fought by their  Chinese Food not their shoe size"
"The Chinese government has surveillance devices inserted into the technology that ships to us. They are watching an "
" : Tonight Federal Budget is FAKE NEWS!! assumes rising wages growth (this trick has been used for at least 8 years)"
" : "
" : Describing Chinese Characters with Recursive Radical Packing Language "
"      This is where you show your ignoranc "
"Chinese high-security jail puts AI monitors in every cell  make prison breaks impossible "
" All HKP that perform well in Occupy will be well looked after by China National Security. HKP was upholdi "
"CHINESE GAER* Each department must have 3 participants of any gender.* The game would follow the traditional wa "
" :  you have every power to free this woman. Will you do it? Or will you just keep stealing the American peop"
"I felt like doing a Chinese brush painting of the Twin Victim from Silent Hill 4. The text reads fear of blood cre "
"    So if I debt free the money Eskom owes the Chinese will be paid u "
" A single chinese character rarely have full meanings. only when it combined with others will it show mea "
" :  True indeed! If only they knew about  the number of Chinese flocking in on daily basis. Caucasians from East"
"  Hahah Im not being dramatic. Sure you got some point there but China is known for not fu "
""
" Love Sharing by Krist &amp; Singto Chinese Peraya Fans and Thai Fans 2  "
" Nice, ik heb de P20. Erg blij mee nog steeds *zwaait naar Chinese overheid*"
"spy cam Chinese guy in gym locker room 001 #NgecrotTube #chinese #locker"
"  Because they're busy constructing headlines to make us hate the chinese. Like the president was c "
"Chinese Firefighters Contain Forest Fire After 30 Dead. "
" :  | NHK "
"New post (Top 5 Cheapest Chinese RC Car You Can Buy in 2018  UNDER $30 #BESTREVIEWS) has been published on RC Cars "
" : Yang Zi April 2019 schedule  7, 8  Ad shoot (Shanghai) 12  Ryo Brand Event (Wuhan) 13  Beijing Internat"
"Oh! Finally admitting she Chinese!  yes! Dia rajin mandi and wangi ! "
" :  are about 2000 Q10 cleansers here. This is only one part. It is the support of Chinese CP fans for one of our lovely "
"Guangdong Province (economy the size of Indonesia) bans poaching of wild birds (which is illegal anyway). Perhaps m "
"  Probably both, Chinese aircraft regularly used to carry markings for formation keeping "
"Fall in Love at first Kiss movie made me cry  Chinese version "
"We are just an order away, we deliver, do you need to surprise your friends  we got you  Whatever the occasion i "
" ky gipanganak man sya Chinese New Year"
" : Thanks   we will keep helping Indian entrepreneurs through chinese resources.  #unicorntrip 2.0 https:"
"   No it's not a good analogy, it's just that this test came a year after Chi "
"aku bm mie rebusnya warung makan chinese langgananku di banjarmasin :("
" :   Not for illegals Gutierrez. Why aren't they staying in Mexico, go to Nicaragua or Costa Rica. Let's ke"
"When written in Chinese the word 'crisis' is composed of two characters - one represents danger and the other repre "
"     Chinese?"
"#AndileRamaphosa He has cut ties with Jianbao Chen, chairman of Chinese company Huarong Energy Africa, after the co "
"Chinese authorities offer rewards to those who snitch on Christians - Premier "
"The Chinese Navy Marine Corps, Part 2: Chain-of-Command Reforms and Evolving "
"ima say it gege is just the fashionable, chinese version of edward cullen. he looks like a vampire y "
" :  Chinese-born Deng, 44, and Murdoch, 82, first met at a party in Hong Kong in 1997 and tied the knot two years"
"  He wants drinks and snacks and they're ordering a Chinese"
" : Playing chinese whispers with googletranslate function and a TM quote://t.co/5koNFzhwtK "
" : I am your Chinese fan,I am sorry that I can't go to see you because I have to be busy with my "
"#AndileRamaphosa In a bid to clean up his image businessman Andile Ramaphosa, son of President Cyril Ramaphosa, has "
"Chinese to invest in Tanzania tourism "
" : Xi Jinping dream of Chinese World Cup begins with thousands of footballing toddlers "
" : The top 30  fastest-growing Chinese companies in the UK had an average growth of 66%  and employed more than 3,500 emp"
" "
" : 190402 Fan Chengcheng . ECLIPSE0616X0219#NinePercent #FanChengCheng # # h"
" A lot really don't seem to grasp that shorting China really is a bet on when the authorities run out "
" : Just had a meeting with the office of Rep. Marc Veasey US Rep for Texas's 33rd congressional district to discuss support of H"
" :  Switch Online  "
" you have every power to free this woman. Will you do it? Or will you just keep stealing the American p "
"Chinese boxer trounces stereotypes, depression to become 'Queen of the Ring' "
"    I also want to point out that I live in china, and there bas "
"Song Qian (Chinese: ; pinyin: S Qi, born February 2, 1987)"
"I am your Chinese fan,I am sorry that I can't go to see you because I have to be busy with my "
"        "
" : Check this out anons! Chinese Birthing houses in LA...who owns those houses? #QAnon"
" : yang andrew cannot promise give the chinese people 1000$ ,he gonna feel sad when we all throw vote give trump .trump prevent"
"#year #1959 #chinese #zodiac #zodiacsign #years://t.co/Qtq0qKdGJN"
" 31 years is a long time. CIO of the Chinese Goverment? Master of IT laws? I've been doing it longer Jaso "
"   And we'll never know who did it because you all look the same. Like Andy "
"Foundation stone for the construction of Chinese company Minth to be laid down in #Loznica today "
" There definitely collusion here between Bide, hi son and the Chinese government."
"Press release, 2023:Emotiv denies its innovative technology is being used by the government of the People's Repu "
" ://t.co/DeKF9jNAjz"
"Chinese kleuterleidster aangehouden voor vergiftigen 23 kindjes "
"I think I bought this Chinese book purely for this gimmick to hide the Pinyin  "
"Infrastructure week clearly has gone better for the Chinese in Africa... "
" "
"#SouthSudan and a #Chinese company have signed an agreement for the construction and upgrading of major national an "
"EXO - CALL ME BABY (Korean Chinese MV Comparison)://t.co/Qp2GzM9Lua"
"Mom: Mag chinese resto na lang tayo. Wag muna mag order ng mga pork para iwas highblood.: Asus makita ko lang "
"Chinese Travelers Seeing More Sights at Night - Jing Travel - #China #travel"
"I was super high last night omg my eyes was literally like a Chinese"
" : Learn something about the development of China's last feudal dynasty, the Qing dynasty.#China #Qingdynasty #history:"
"i kinda fluent in chinglish, cos i not good at both english and chinese "
" Do you want him to declare war against China? And put expat Pinoys in China &amp; mainland Chinese or Ch "
"   I had left a high school in Darwin where my best friends were the "
"Police name Toronto man as one of four suspects in stun gun kidnapping of Chinese student "
"hinde kel kdrama, hinde rin chinese kay de man shing shing shing KA GANYAN HSHSHDHAJAHSJS SHING SHING SHING AMP"
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat? "
" "
"Check out what I found. STUNNING ANTIQUE CHINESE CARVED WOODEN VASE/POT DISPLAY STAND "
"An insightful piece from  on  Chinese entrepreneurial migrants in Ghana: socioeconomic impacts a "
" : "
"English pa,  !!!! #LabanJeka sabi ko sayo be friendly pero sa kaya mo lang. nilaban mo kay Ate na Chines "
" : Chinese electric vehicle start-up Leap Motors has revealed the C-More ahead of a public debut for the new SUV concept at the"
"  When the turtle is ousted in 2020 maybe he can go work in the rice fields with his concubine "
"Check out what I found. STUNNING ANTIQUE CHINESE CARVED WOODEN VASE/POT DISPLAY STAND "
"Are we looking at both front's becoming hot scenario?We must not trust these Chinese !!! "
"Chinese #hacking groups to ramp up #cyber attacks on some industries, experts say "
"Tencent Backs Series B Round Of Chinese AI-Enabled Phone Robot Developer Guiji Zhineng "
"chinese fentanyl was their vengeance for the opium wars."
" Aku ga update chinese activite nya xuanyi samsek...... aku update wjsn doang"
"     theirs nothing we "
"(Reuters) Philippines protests over Chinese vessels in disputed waters ://t.co/R941ENtwpT "
" The comments came from China's most popular app, which claims to kill all Taiwanese.This is a common "
" The issue the Chinese have is they don't appear to want to let CNY depreciate past 7 given possibly "
" Explosion at Chinese PetroChemical Plant "
" Maybe it looks weird because Chinese martial art films have a different feel compared to western action f "
"READ | Err? Chinese built Banaue Rice Terraces?://t.co/cHOdYcjKrO"
"  I decided to include this as an example in my latest post (which focuses on the incursion by "
"  chinese taipei flag admin"
"Talk about a major diss of Trump. In layman's terms, this is the equivalent of your adversary strolling into your b "
"    better take Chinese threats seriously. "
" Hahaha dami gwapong chinese bye korean oppas n tlga"
"Great data point!  Takeaway is don read too much into the Chinese pmi beat... "
" :          "
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift - #markets #altcoin #crypto"
" : Climate Change Alarmists Routinely Ignore Chinese Flouting Of Paris Accords | Zero Hedge "
" : Jubilee has allowed the Chinese to:-)Build and own their own city in Arthi River)Carry out almost all major constructio"
"If you want to connect with people, you start with their needs, not your own. Start with their hurts, not your own. "
"  Assume these are goods produced or assembled in Mexico with Chinese and other supplied p "
" Nope. I see where you tryna come from but still Israel is a no no. China is hurting Chinese Mus "
" : THURSDAY | Important Art | The FA's NEWST Show! -PROV -  Amanda Stauffer &amp;  LILIES ON A CHI"
" Yes. My English skill is poor, but I prefer to write in English rather than Google-translated-Chines "
" Godse vs Chinese Gandhi s"
"The easiest way to test if the spaghetti is cooked - use chopsticks. The Chinese way. It not al dente, we say  "
""
"The ID. family is growing: ID. ROOMZZ. The electric full-size SUV will be showcased at #AutoShanghai 2019 and gives "
" Perhaps some mild nose-tweaking at first, followed by a classic Chinese burn. Then, when they think it' "
" : Rich coming from a country which churns out tons of movies showing Chinese girls &amp; aunties mowing down Imperial Japanese Army."
" : Considering the fact that Modi govt itself hired 100 of Chinese labourers for building the Statue of Unity, the much t"
" chinese emperor  "
"      I get you, I know the Chinese have deli "
" We could learn a lot from Traditional medicines. This reminds me of the discovery on the usefulness of Ar "
"Chinese hackers make Tesla drive into oncoming traffic (VIDEO) "
"I'm at parliaments new construction site waiting for access to the sample room. The Chinese contractor looks at me "
" : Keep the Chinese government away from 5G technology - The Washington Post "
" Not sure what that was but no, I didn go all the way to Nottingham for some Chinese. Apparently "
" :          "
"Chinese Academy of Science partners with UPV for seaweed development oceanography development and oceanogr "
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under? "
" .. they did say this-they always said they would.  So, the US Gov, the CCP, the US people the Chin "
"The international nature of children's play pt. 2: I WENT TO A #CHINESE RESTAURANT: children's hand clapping song p "
" Fundamental flaw: Group decide where to have dinner; they vote on whether to eat out or in and out "
" :    ...and whilst he points at One Nation for seeking donations from the wrong people, he"
" : A very busy day, we made Easter Gardens,Scarecrows,Easter Cards and a Chinese Dragon.   #Chinesedra"
"Lord have mercy! "
" Chinese mummy ?"
"Chinese kindergarten teacher detained after allegedly poisoning 23 children://t.co/uumDrjaari"
"  Meanwhile the Labor party have sold their souls to Chinese businesses."
" If him and imbula were as good as the box they came in, what a team stoke would have, sadly someone s "
" : Xinhua Headlines: Chinese opera to present Marco Polo's romance in medieval China, highlight cultural exchanges on #BeltandRoad"
"U.S. national security protectionism enters new territory with pressure on Chinese owner to sell popular gay dating "
"Worrying if this is true://t.co/fp9grLa09t "
"Great new blog from Grace Tseng #Nashville #Chinese sce "
" : the chinese variety shows he films for always turns him into a single father of 12 fgjks "
" No escape? Chinese VIP jail puts AI monitors in every cell  make prison breaks impossible | South China Morni "
"Chinese kindergarten teacher detained after allegedly poisoning 23 children - CNN "
"  There's a Chinese version?"
" The Spy Gate of China and the Chinese Facebook.the Contact of the Robert Mueller links . "
""
" And another layer of courts between the trial court and High Court. This is another way to delay the final "
""
"What is the Chinese sheng? Virtuoso sheng player  introduces this fascinating and versatile instrument, "
"  I am not sure who you are, but I am very supportive of the Chinese government's efforts i "
"Craving for Chinese food already. I need to go back to Binondo."
"May lahi kaba? Rt hehe  slr, meron po ilokana tas sa dugo namin 1/8 chinese tas dalagang pilipina na hehe. "
"  Think about it, our window of opportunity will begin closing as soon as CPEC starts "
" : Chinese Man Converts To Islam In Kano State, Gets New Muslim Name. "
" : The first Chinese Brand Ambassador of Taokaenoi. Please stay tune for more activities with F4#Taokaenoi #TaokaenoiBigrol"
" Are you Chinese?.  made weapon.  I got stronger weapon."
"  Coba Resto KDS araya Mbak. Chinese food, tp bisa request halal menu mbak"
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat? "
" :   Some even crush motherboards if u didn't know, Chinese products"
" : Love these! In Asia Society #HongKong. #Chinese #Language #Travel #HK #Illustration #Drawing #Cartoon #Art "
" sounds like a Chinese bot.. is your phone Huawei? although it could be the GCHQ or maybe the NSA.. do "
"ya boi will finish grade 9 with these awards: with high honors 1st honor in chinese 1st honor in computer "
"OnePlus' electric sports car is just too good to be true -             Under the motto Salute to Speed OnePlus "
"Wow!  Manchurian Mountains just sold for 162665000 at Sotheby's in Hong Kong #auction #sothebys"
"Preliminary talks have taken place and the delegation is due to return later this month with a view to investing in "
" :  country isn able to condemn Chinese human rights policy because Chinese investors are involved in one of their ports,"
"Playing chinese whispers with googletranslate function and a TM quote://t.co/5koNFzhwtK "
"Name: Lu Han: 28: Male: April 20, 1990: Chinese "
"This was expected as #Apple's China revenue has been tapering off since 2016.$AAPL #China ://t.co/pmBV6awyrA"
" The budget surplus caveats... housing market doesn't crater. stock market doesn't crash. "
" 9 7 "
" i need to stop fucking chinese woman... but talking about xxxxxxxxxx^2 is such a good way of flirting"
"  May they r working for the Chinese....."
"Chinese Internet giant  gets the most testing licences in #SelfDrivingCars market. more to expect fr "
"       "
" : About to ride the new Chinese-built train from Nairobi to Mombasa. Biggest infrastructure project to have been undertaken in"
"  Some even crush motherboards if u didn't know, Chinese products"
" : A Taxpayer Bill of Rights is available from #IRS in English, Spanish, Chinese, Korean, Russian &amp; Vietnamese. #TBOR "
" : When your nice slim coworker tells you how she has had a Chinese four days in a row but you just smell a prawn cracker and ga"
"The Prime Minister of New Zealand  stated that she raised situation in #EastTurkistan directly with t "
" : #TechnoCool: Chinese colleges to offer AI major in challenge to US - Nikkei Asian Review#ai #ml #neuralnetworks #dee"
" : **New Lithium-ion Rocks! Podcast Episode 7** through the noise of short term #lithium production volatility an"
"Official music chinese update  will be comeback with Oh My Gosh #BOYSTORY #GrowingProject #OhMyGosh "
"Only in #SG, was at the apple store when an indian guy and another chinese guy walked in and started chatting to th "
" : #Taehyung asked Chinese ARMY of the learned Korean from BTS. Meanwhile  lit Scenery Street has attract"
"Chinese vice president meets Mongolian FM - Global Times "
"5 factors driving the Chinese lawtech boom - The European Sting "
" : Chinese tech faces an innovation reality check as the economy cools and start-ups stumble  "
" : Italy has now changed its mind: the Five Star Movement no longer supports Maduro as president of Venezuela, while approvi"
" Well his Chinese zodiac IS a bandar after all"
"Haven't had Chinese in ages  "
" :   about his profession  majored in traditional chinese dance in junior and high school for 6 years and got 1st pl"
" "
"Interesting. The BJP (albeit its Delhi unit) is taking this Chinese app Helo's alleged election interference thing "
"  Will we see a Chinese-remake of Marriage Italian Style w/ the opening of Xitaly One Be "
" : Chinese duck meat producers upbeat about the industry's export outlook after #EU starts to grant more low-tariff quotas  https:"
"Very sad ... we have recently had the South African Chinese community charging a critic with hate speech.. "
" : A Chinese UAV fitted with launchers that fire rounds through glass walls of high-rise bldgs in order to put out fires."
"mas malala pala magspoil sa trailers ang mga chinese kesa sa mga pinoy.  #MoDaoZuShi"
"My thoughts are bugging the hell out of me. Wag lang talaga mapunta sa punto na pati aso kakainin na natin, like wh "
" : I updated my SuiBian sketch comic on Weibo....but I've no time to translate them yet. If you can read Chinese you can check it"
"Nice story by : Chinese tech giant Tencent plans $5 billion dollar bond sale: sources "
"Crazy About Startups - U.S. startup accuses Chinese telecom conglomerate of tech theft - #startups "
" : In May 1995, Chinese occupying forces abducted six year-old Gedhun Choekyi Nyima from his home in Tibet.  has not bee"
" "
"U.S. startup accuses Chinese telecom conglomerate of tech theft - #startups #enttrepreneurship"
"Brilliant work yesterday by  introducing #StandardAmerican and having fun! #Liverpool #Chinese #actress "
" How come  driver the Chinese spy was never investigated"
"I made it, my son! screamed the 29-year-old as she danced in the ring before her rival, Thailand's Jarusiri Rongm "
" A friend who worked for Western and Chinese TV news related *more* editorial freedom in China if red line "
"         "
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat? "
"Wow!  Manchurian Mountains just sold for 162665000 at Sotheby's in Hong Kong #auction #sothebys"
"             "
"  Yes at Cubbie Station, you know the big cotton property that holding all the water "
"China to train toddlers at football kindergartens  year, the Chinese Football Association announced plans for "
"Thanks to Rongkun HU for organasing the school visit to her school in Beijing/Peking with enthusiastic pupils and i "
"Dredging is defined as removing materials from the sea floor and moving it to another location. Purposes of dredgin "
"A Chinese UAV fitted with launchers that fire rounds through glass walls of high-rise bldgs in order to put out fir "
"Chinese food  "
"  I remember my brother hearing the Gundam Wing ost and saying wtf are you listening to? Some wei "
" : Parliament is like a group of people out looking for a restaurant. One wants Chinese, another Indian, another traditional E"
" The Chinese used to have (and still do, I suppose) a saying; 'The longest journey begins with the small "
"Name: Wu Yifan: 28: Male: November 6, 1990: Canadian-Chinese "
" ShephardNews: Milipol Asia 2019: Fight fires with Chinese UAV #milipolasiapac "
" WV is most racist state I've ever visited. My immigrant Chinese husbnd &amp; I were in Harper's Ferry "
" U r customers care call from +44 20 3014 0221 ( all South Indians actually from india) once it was Ms "
"The United States should send a B52 strategic bomber to fly to the Chinese Sea and the East China Sea, and break in "
"Boosie says he's about to get a 'in vitro Chinese baby' with a Boosie fade://t.co/UxCOxjF36Z "
" : A pharmacy is haunted by the ghost of a Chinese pope. He keeps repeating a strange phrase: Bengal is combing his hair"
"Day 1 in Malaysia: introduction to Kuala Lumpur was eating at a quaint restaurant in China Town.. looove Chin "
" : So many questions. How hv Chinese netizens watched these? Why has GT only now discovered movies released a yr ago? Why has"
" : CHICKEN DUMPLING SOUP WITH BEETROOT the step-by-step recipe processes for making mouth watering #chicken #dumpling #so"
"Chinese children poisoned by teacher Chinese schoolchildren are often targeted by attacks of the mentally ill or pe "
"   Nop, it the Chinese and the UN. And some tribe from some island in the "
" Don't worry,, I can't speak Chinese too,,, "
"  Oh, they're trying to imply some supernatural force at work. I see a lot that is UNNATU "
" :  &amp;+    (())) "
"#DalaiLama #Taiwan #chinesemedicine Knowledge is power:China &amp; the #Modern #World "
" Another one for Malaysian Chinese, published in the same journal juga."
"Firefighters in southwest China have contained a forest blaze after it claimed the lives of 27 firefighters and thr "
"Chinese Marketing &amp; Admin Placement  TopCashback://t.co/w2MoMfpk7a"
"FITTON:HUGE Scandal: Hillary Clinton put classified info on Internet equivalent of public park bench and Chinese to "
" :  ZOO 1st Full Album#EndlessSummerEnds  #UnripeFruitsParadis"
" software_tic :Getting a Decent Night Sleep Is Harder for Young Chinese: #bigdata"
" : Phew, a long day for the event at ! But I was fortunate to meet a minor celebrity... Glen(da) the Chinese Po"
" :  problem with a% up day, like Monday, is that anything like a less than% day, or even a flat day, is regarded as a s"
" : Taeyeon already has her 3x gold from chinese sales. ending the exclusive contract with xiami was the best idea ever.  stil"
"China Bans Fentanyl, Bowing to U.S. Pressure officials on Monday announced an immediate ban on the product "
"Chinese tech giant Tencent plans $5 billion dollar bond sale: sources "
"Having Chinese for lunch because cravings smh"
"Chinese disrupter with serious global vision #AI #Bigdata."
"  Chinese is quite similar in writing, isn't it? "
" : .5m!!!!? "
" : This reply to  encapsulates CCP strategy: portray CCP media as the only representation of Chinese voices"
" "
"Give it to the #Chinese. Someone already registered #Reiwa # , the name for the new #Japanese era, as trademark i "
"  | NHK "
"I had great time talking with  on the Changing Scripts podcast about my 25 years learning Mandarin Chin "
" problem with a% up day, like Monday, is that anything like a less than% day, or even a flat day, is regard "
"I look like some burnt Chinese kid back then huh-"
" "
"As if my boyfriend had a chinese without me , how fucking rude ya cunt"
" Too bad, in Chinese lands, China laws and rules apply, not anyone else. Under UN rules which is internat "
"Chinese Scholars Call on Tsinghua University to Reinstate Suspended Professor "
" : #China's counter #space capabilities in #EMP, #pulse generators being trialed &amp; #laser #ASAT weapons deployed."
" Individual Chinese cities (similar or greater population than those choices). could also exemp "
" : What could possibly go wrong? IPO sponsors must own a stake in company they take public per a new rule that underscores the le"
" Wch one be bill on me again Is it Chinese or mamaput"
"  Chinese nahi hai yeh inka naya baap hai....US aur arabs ke baad..."
"#  #  #  #  "
" : Revered as one of the Three Pillars of Chinese Catholicism, Paul Xu Guangqi was a Ming dynasty scholar-bureaucrat, conve"
" :   Did they pay for play through foundation donatios? Is Chinese Feinstein assisting the theft?"
" : "
" : Zachary Levi Shazam Electrifies On Chinese Theater Standee "
"Guyana - Illness outbreak: A statement from the Public Health Ministry Monday night said that health officials have "
"Chinese Medicines Improve Perimenopausal Symptoms Induced by Surgery, Chemoradiotherapy, or Endocrine Treatment for "
"Patriot games: Xi Jinping dream of Chinese World Cup begins with thousands of footballing toddlers "
" are big changes in the China travel market, which also means big opportunities for marketers.  Reene Ho-Pha "
"Treat illegal Chinese workers fairly envoy to PH://t.co/JYYq6tPm3I"
"The start to the week saw U.S stocks &amp; Bond yield move higher after Chinese Manufacturing PMI data beat expectation "
"Joan Parker meets Mike in Chinese Kamasutra - Vollendung der Liebe"
"Natatawa parin ako sa chinese na nakalaro ko Hahahahha ching chonh HAHAHAHA "
"The Philippines government has filed a diplomatic protest with China over the presence of hundreds of Chinese vesse "
"#CFAC propelled Chinese FDI volume from $5.6 billion to $32.2 billion from 1994 to 2004, eventually reaching $160 b "
" blessing in disguise we don't stan alcoholic chinese scholars"
" Asian writers in the West often pander to stereotypes. I bet the book centres on the Chinese communit "
"chinese ngohiong, siomaiyan sa usc, bradex, pungko pungko sa abellana, waffle atubangan sa cnu, canteen sa skypark, "
" : Congress ne manifesto jari kia or kuch der m jam ho gya........b/c Congress ka server Chinese hai "
" : 190401 Yixing weibo story museum visit series: Yixing learn about traditional Chinese snuff bottle from master craftsman 2/2"
"Climate Change Alarmists Routinely Ignore Chinese Flouting Of Paris Accords  "
"Opinion | Keep the Chinese government away from 5G technology "
"Educational morning with  at the  learning about our Chinese guests "
" : 190401 Yixing weibo story museum visit series: Yixing learn about traditional Chinese snuff bottle from master craftsman 1/2"
" : Highlight:  Chinese stocks up over 20% this year, they already priced in at least [a] stabilization if not rebou"
" You have not given us to be proud in your 10 year UPA regime instead ever since UPA came to power till da "
"Naghahanap ka ba ng kainan na may UNLI DRINKS? UNLI RICE? PERO MURANG PRICE? check my latest vlog hehe  and my fr "
"  Democracy always elects fools. so it's better to have Chinese communism."
"Does he say the same about Feinstein who personal assistant and driver of 20 years was arrested for being a Chine "
" : #russian #banks join #chinese #swift # is the #dollar #era under #threat? #instabitcoin #blockchain #ico #ethereum #tradi"
"Story Of Asian:Chinese Girl  Mistar Vol 25 (59 Pict) #asiangirlshot #asiangirlspic "
"A Chinese millennial just spent $14.8 million on artwork depicting the Simpsons "
"Chinese tech giant Tencent quietly tests game streaming platform  CNBC #GDC2019"
"  Not for illegals Gutierrez. Why aren't they staying in Mexico, go to Nicaragua or Costa Rica. "
"  He also brags about not doing anything for Chinese Canadians, French Canadians, etc. His plan it "
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat? - "
"Thanks for sharing Bill ! for linking! Here's an old Chinese idea which predicts the future of American pol "
"://t.co/hbvTHNhows# #://t.co/qNE0hY95r8"
"China's government said it was a military test: "
"Police issue warrant for Toronto man after kidnapping of Chinese international student - The Globe and Mail "
" Wow()! Your Chinese is good!"
" : Beijing had been embolden by the  of Filipino forces to react to probing tactics by Chinese vessels, and on the"
" Nah.  She was not with me. But no she would never eat at Panda Express. She avoids Chinese food due to migraine triggers"
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat? "
"   There is a Chinese Ryan in our club. I must take her on this tower. Maybe "
"Chinese kindergarten teacher detained after allegedly poisoning 23 children://t.co/hKHPzwclcv"
"haih adik beradik dok usya aku. chinese laktu. "
"Pakistani are great crooks they Fooled the Americans ,and they will fool the Chinese ... looting other nations mone "
"What amazing work young lady! Thank you for bringing in your books to teach me some Chinese words!  "
"Understand that all of her emails except 4 (including the classified emails) were forwarded to a Chinese Company ba "
"Babe is now a graduate .A Chinese Studies!!  #Unilag2018Convocation #unilag "
" "
" : When Wenhan asked if Qiu Bohan wanted to be his drummer, he replied I want to be your long johns  instead. Is this a Ch"
"  Haha tu sv suka dia haha ndabah, chinese big bos sya, jadi high expectations dia sama kami haha "
" Do you say the same about Feinstein who employed a Chinese spy for 2 decades. I pretty sure her pe "
"Chinese Dissidents Feel Heat of Beijing Wrath. Even in Canada. "
"Regarding the #Uighurmuslims detainment by the Chinese government I arranging a protest opposing these so called "
" : "
"[Interview] with Keke, the queen of Chinese Warcraft III! is our first original article, I hope you can enjoy "
" Oracle Warns Not to 'Take it Easy' in World Largest Luxury "
" mexican "
"Naftogaz has secured a $1 billion loan from a Chinese state credit agency. The money will help Naftogaz to expand i "
"Getting a Decent Night Sleep Is Harder for Young Chinese: NYTimes #ArtificialIntelligence"
"Chinese kleuterleidster aangehouden voor vergiftigen 23 kindjes "
"#russian #banks join #chinese #swift # is the #dollar #era under #threat? #instabitcoin #blockchain #ico "
"Why play one instrument when you can play two? This 10yo Chinese girl is... "
"Last night Chinese Restaurant dahil ayaw nila Mommy&amp;Dad magSamgyupsal sooo ngayon Thai food kami. "
"Congress ne manifesto jari kia or kuch der m jam ho gya........b/c Congress ka server Chinese hai "
"Developments now in the alleged abduction of a student from China in Markham last month. "
"This - and poster campaigns - led to serious violence directed at Chinese people, especially in Liverpool and Cardi "
" : Lunch Specials:- Thai Massaman chicken curry - Chinese BBQ pork- Veg. Black Bean sauce with Rice or Noodles i"
"Australia insurance giant  has become the first insurer outside Europe to #UnfriendCoal, in a move that will "
" :  I wanted to study the eight immortals of the wine cup and the creation of literary canons in Chinese poetry, bu"
"  "
" : Chinese proverb,  who hesitates, ends up with broken ribs. "
"chinese songs are so god damn emotional ????? ??"
"The Government will be signing an agreement with a Chinese company, China Railway International Group, to construct "
"Russian banks participate in Chinese speed  is the dollar era in? "
"Russian banks participate in Chinese speed  is the dollar era in? "
" : Umano'y Chinese vessel natagpuan sa dagat ng Batangas "
"      No common sense doesn't determi "
"aww i see my two chinese friends, minghao and jun!"
"Discovery of genes mutations of female infertility women are unable to conceive and deliver a baby due to gen "
"Philippines protests Chinese ships around disputed island "
" Now dah rm3 lebih. I beli chinese new year ritu. Hihi"
"Sleiman meets Chinese Ambassador to Lebanon Wang Kijian "
"tempted to enter the food zone exclusive to chinese customers near ohana.. Trip ko lng mang-asar bakit ba "
"  Well I don't think the profit would go to the improvement to provide more power to all c "
" Trump says I need more money for my pervasive life and more Chinese girls who are being trafficked "
" Lack of UWOs issued, and most will be successfully contested by smart lawyers. Stop abuse of tiered "
"#Chinese #Discovery #Female #Gene #Genes #Identified #Infertility #Mutations #Researchers #China #TechnologyTimes - "
" You can't keep contacts/chat on Zoom. Also lots of Chinese/Indian companies use Skype."
"Climate Change Alarmists Routinely Ignore Chinese Flouting Of Paris Accords | Zero Hedge "
"Factors affecting the quality of transnational higher education in China: a qualitative content analysis on Chinese "
"#  #  # # #  #  #  # "
" : Guyana: Health authorities probe if respiratory infection killed 1 Chinese national, sickened 14 others; #Leptospirosis d"
"  "
" : Chicken fiesta stil gen pi bon chinese ak wings  "
"FUCK a BBW: Cher  "
" #ElGallo buenos d  si espero el milagrito y me pongan Chinese Democracy "
" Congee/Chinese rice pudding, maybe with a egg on top and and some chives?, I lived off tinned "
" : #Chinese state companies bought around 1.5 MMT of U.S. #soybeans yesterday for July-August shipment from the Gulf. (INTL FCSton"
"That means no terrorist will be killed if they attack our forces and anti India naayi's like Kanhaiyya will get fre "
"Milipol Asia 2019: Fight fires with Chinese UAV #milipolasiapac "
"Chinese tech giant Tencent plans $5 billion dollar bond sale: sources - "
" : Dalian iron ore finished at .5, highest close since Chinese futures launched in 2013, according to Reuters. "
" : I'm not saying the Chinese PMI is wrong. Maybe it's got a lead. But other data just today: Korea exports: -8.2% March"
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under? "
"Taiwan to Block Chinese Streaming Ahead of Election "
"Is Tom Hiddleston new Chinese commercial selling Centrum or home invasion? #entertainment"
" Gw bukan orang chinese."
" "
""
"Chinese hacking groups to ramp up cyber attacks on some industries, experts "
"  The Chinese long  are hardly the same creatures as the winged European ones though."
" :    Comey swapped out Coleman and his entire team for Strzok/McCabe and the rest fr"
"Chinese Medicines Improve Perimenopausal Symptoms Induced by Surgery, Chemoradiotherapy, or Endocrine Treatment for "
" gem cannot be polished without friction, nor a man perfected without trials.  Chinese Proverbs #Quote"
" : Lakhs of Baloch people disappeared by Pakistan Army &amp; mercilessly slaughtered, their women sold. Pakistan is committin"
"Kasi wary kami kay dominguez du30 locsin panelo as collaBorators of china, 2) expensive chinese interest rate n sho "
"Spot price quotes for double-frozen #pollock fillet blocks are rocketing up, with H&amp;G fish from #Russia in the size "
"# #  #  #  #  #  # "
"today a random old man stopped me in the street and kept aggressively asking where I was from. Despite me using my "
"Getting a Decent Night Sleep Is Harder for Young Chinese by Unknown Author via NYT "
" : NEW episode: activist  talks to me about credible claims Uyghur Muslims are subjected to gang rape,"
"We have faith in our country, it's this government which we dont have faith and trust in !!!://t.co/rR02MJBHzC "
" :          "
"         "
" zh "
" : #Annewill diskutiert ganz nationalistisch nur mit Deutschen die angeblich nahe Katastrophe der Erderw. Kein Ami, kein C"
" because he chinese...."
" :  President Ramaphosa son, Andile Ramaphosa, is alleged to be in another dodgy business dealing with a Chinese en"
"Do you know Peranakan?, Chinese, Indian and British culture were mixed at penang or singapore. purpose of "
"Chinese is so damn hard. And now I have to do Classical Chinese as well and I am dying. I don understand "
"Getting a Decent Night Sleep Is Harder for Young Chinese: #bigdata"
" :         If you choose Mean and Pla"
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under? "
"Chinese hacking groups to ramp up cyber attacks on some industries, experts say: Since 1953, the Chinese #infosec"
" : SIGN: Stop Kidnapping Baby Elephants to Sell to Cruel Chinese Zoo "
" "
" "
"SIGN: Stop Kidnapping Baby Elephants to Sell to Cruel Chinese Zoo "
"#  # ## #  #  # # "
"Zachary Levi Shazam Electrifies On Chinese Theater Standee "
"Whatevers tryna make me sick better watch out, I got matcha, honey, and chinese herbal throat supplements, COME AT ME"
"Getting a Decent Night Sleep Is Harder for Young Chinese by Unknown Author via "
"Getting a Decent Night Sleep Is Harder for Young Chinese by Unknown Author via NYT "
" "
"  Perceived superiority is such a subjective statement. This is a bit like saying there a "
" "
"Chinese kindergarten teacher detained after allegedly poisoning 23 children://t.co/AgNbJrnROk"
"   Taxpayer's money is used to name non starter projects with the Chinese Gandhi su "
"Oil Price Fundamental Daily Forecast  Bullish Tone as Positive Chinese Factory Data Lifts SentimentFX Empire"
"   "
"Weiwei is gay or bisexual?  Who weiwei? Chinese? "
" So is the Chinese government after the backlash of their last game."
""
" LOVE THE CHINESE ! ^~^"
"On Chinese yaks and Pakistani pigeons in the Himalayan borderlands. Such a fascinating piece! "
"'Good fishing season drew more Chinese vessels to WPS' "
"Portfolio managers care more about Chinese expansion than they do Chinese trade talks according to   "
" I think they mentioned 2007 Chinese satellite kill as biggest problem"
""
"What's your favourite type of Chinese food?  us know in the comments below!://t.co/UQrOlDwCuj "
"Thinking about sea monkeys again, loving these Chinese instructions... "
"  Next time, ang sasabihin naman nitong tsekwang amba ay  is a disputed area. Then  "
"Taiwan to Block Chinese Streaming Sites Ahead of Election: Island nation worried about online propaganda #infosec"
"Foreign Affairs Secretary Tedoro Locsin Jr. on Tuesday said the Philippine government has served a salvo of diplom "
"#HKDSE Chinese paper of death harder than expected, say #Beaconcollege and King's Glory tutors: #HKDSE2019 #Exams"
"    IDK  it's the year of pigs according to Chinese thing...#TreatPigsWithKindness"
" : Why does Pembroke Lakes Mall always smell like chinese food and urine"
" "
"Getting a Decent Night Sleep Is Harder for Young Chinese - "
" kulang ng chinese! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA"
"2019 Chinese Year of the Earth Pig"
"Civilian na namatay Ng dahil sa Laban Ng bigas na hinihingi sa mga politikong may ari Ng mga hacienda na Ang ngpala "
"The National Union of Seamen published this in its newspaper in 1913. Hostility towards Chinese dock workers came f "
"Taiwan to Block Chinese Streaming Sites Ahead of "
" : #OTD in 2001, a U.S. Navy EP-3E Aries II collided with a PLAN J-8II interceptor over the South China Sea. The Chinese j"
" #LostInHongKong literal HAHAHAHAHA akala nila bumaba na ako kaya di nila ako ginising, ate nagising ak "
"Getting a Decent Night Sleep Is Harder for Young Chinese by Unknown Author via NYT #AI"
"A breath of freshness with the finished gouache of this chinoiserie called  de Chance or  touch of luck "
" Are you talking about the Chinese animated movie?!?!?! "
"Check this out anons! Chinese Birthing houses in LA...who owns those houses? #QAnon"
" 02/04/2019 "
" : SCMP: Taiwanese  Tsai Ing-wen has ordered a  expulsion of PLA warplanes next time they cross the "
"Fantastic article describing the most probable future path of the Chinese economy#China "
" : 'Chinese traditional medicine is rapidly expanding worldwide as a key pillar of the country Belt and Road initiative, "
"Chinese hacking groups to ramp up cyber attacks on some industries, experts say - CSO Online (0 visits) "
"MAJOR: Chinese #Military Personnel Arrive in #Venezuela with 'Humanitarian Supplies' #Arms "
"Farfetch is looking for: Freelance Content Translator - Chinese://t.co/e66rAcndLq #jo"
" Do you know that going exclusive on Epic means abandoning every single Chinese player? Because Epic BAN "
"According to this article, the Taiwanese  force on Sunday scrambled five fighter jets to intercept [the] two Ch "
"Intermediate Chinese - Free iTunes Audio - Seton Hall "
" chinese stimulus + return to ZIRP/NIRP + low vol/carry environment... crypto pump courtesy central banks "
" : He who returns from a journey is not the same as he who left.  Proverb#travel #adventure #tourism #vacation"
" "
" "
"MEET a BBW: Kit  "
" Ongea mbaya TU,hii account Yako ita blockiwa.."
" "
" : I've been fighting 4 9 MM expats' equal rights &amp; Chinese dissidents' freedoms from ChiCom's intimidation in US. Since 1st e"
" : Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen has ordered a  expulsion of PLA warplanes next time they cross the  line"
" Settles on Chinese Universities: What does Xu Zhangrun punishment mean for hopes of academic freedom? Go "
" : ATM: Leaders at #AtinAngPinas presscon in Makati City call on the public to go to Chinese Consulate in Makati to protest"
" I prefer Chinese wisdom rather than British incoherence"
"   And complaining about the Chinese methods, but we are literally doing "
"RONAN'S REF RAID with BENEDICT CUA (Puro CHINESE Products?!) "
" Sure, Chinese market is a rough one for Apple"
"So I call up Pizza Hut because they got my order wrong and I want a new pizza and as I re-place my order I say extr "
" : Bilib ako sa time mgmt. skills ni Alden. Busy yet still finds time to learn Cantonese. My nephew studies in a Chinese School, h"
" : I swear music heals."
" "
"Look out their watching you!!!!!!!. Our latest stock, these 2 stone Chinese figure water fountains. Something a li "
"  next recession will become the worst in recent Chinese history,! That quite a statement."
" : 'They stage-managed everything': Diplomats, activists decry Chinese 'threats' at UN rights council "
" "
"Maka chinese ha "
"  Because reality of Chinese is known the world over."
" :   "
" :  a proper WeChat strategy, Western brands won get any traction there. Check out this useful guide explaining how lu"
"Getting a Decent Night Sleep Is Harder for Young Chinese #ai #automation #tech China, "
" :  "
"  20   V4 CHINESE "
" to understand before seeking to be understood.    Old Chinese Prover"
"Chinese tech giant Tencent plans $5 billion dollar bond sale: "
"   Stores could get products cheaper by buying for foreign goods. "
"I'm sitting right now in a waiting premium room suddenly I saw a girl with a bts shirt and something written in Chi "
"  It doesn't matter how self aware someone is, if they're pulled across to the dark side by "
" And when the American, Russian &amp; Chinese destroyed satellites in space it created rasgullas??"
" idk one person who speaks chinese. crazy."
"lol tbh when you mention that you asian people will assume you either chinese or japanese "
" : Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat? "
" : # 31/3/2019 # ://t.co/M2j2soBGuH#Luke 15:20 "
"Craving for Chinese food. "
"AJO MMADU BU AJO MMUO, BLACK MAN IS ENJOYING THE BLESSINGS OF GOD(CHINESE AND EUROPEANS) THATS WHY THEY ARE NOT IN HUMAN RACE."
" : A day out for both in PRK Rantau. photo tt speaks a Trillion words. guy in shades, do u know he calls Chinese communist,"
"Today's word is::  Lunch.:  it: w  it: (W g ch w w.) "
"Chinese Toad"
" :   ..they protect and shield you from govt policies., Chinese, Lebanese &amp; Indians know this very"
"Well executed.  new grass roots video shot in vertical format features #TomHiddleston making me or you brea "
" its like the made in america bikes. tubing and tyres or eastern carbon, japanese components, ch "
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat? "
"  Clear which doubt? What if she comes back on IG and find that the Chinese people she "
"it usually doesn't help, i just like telling people i'm chinese. it's the only excuse i have. "
"I want Chinese fried rice "
"Getting a Decent Night Sleep Is Harder for Young Chinese: #bigdata"
"Mark Zuckerberg, The British Establishment, the Chinese Communist Party, Kim Jong Un &amp; the US Democrat party all want internet censorship."
"African and Chinese students at Auc talking about why they chose auc and what they like the most about it #tito_ao "
"Universities: How Rich Chinese Parents Bring Their Children Into American Universities : Comment les ri "
"New post (Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat?) has been published on Deythere - "
"Where do Hong Kong workers stand on this year pay scale? | Human Resources Online "
"Chinese e-commerce firms, automakers team for $1.5B ride-hailing service "
"Thanks dp include #Surabaya , Avaiil sisa 1 slot lg ya beb promo #AlterPromotion #Chinese #Panlok #IncludeRoom "
"     Lemme get a writing pad and a Chinese Fountain pen first dear"
"John Redwood, Charles Stanley's Chief Global Economist, looks at the renewed positive tone surrounding Chinese shar "
" : We hosting a delegation from the Chinese Communist Party, led by a member of the Party Central Committee, Hon. Buyin Ch"
"Don't wanna go out for Chinese or buy wraps and tuna"
"The mission you see here is in many ways aligned with the Chinese government's eco-civilization aspirations. "
"Craving for some Mughlai Food? Order from Aboos Darbar using #Swiggy and get 40% off on every order.. from "
"#Aquarius is akin to the Tiger in the Chinese Zodiac. Both are honest, unpredictable, and natural leaders who always land on their feet."
"Never too late unless CUP gains fast worldwide acceptance. Chinese going overseas will want to make sure they have "
"Maybe Dianne Feinstein . . . doesn't have the best judgement . . . considering she hired a Chinese Spy for 20 yrs. "
" "
" :  FULL TEENZ/28() FACTORY 1st Album Endless Summer Ends"
" : Over 40% of Chinese corp bonds are rated AAA by 4 local ratings agencies, compared to just 2% in the US "
" : Joe you can do better than that. As a Democrat President you will be able to sell the rest of America off to the highest"
" : PH Military data show over 600 Chinese vessels surrounding the Pag-asa island.: who is that reporter..? Exaggera"
"  "
" : One of Trudeau Syrians is accused of murdering a Chinese Canadian girl. People of all backgrounds were at the court to pr"
" We call poppy keshi in Japanese and keshi has two Chinese characters:(=poppy) and (=erase), so t "
"New: Chinese New Year  Year of the Pig "
"I'll be talking with  about this op-ed he authored w/  this hour: "
"U.S. and Chinese manufacturing sectors showed signs of stabilizing in March "
" : In a statement, Dominguez stressed that the government has always dutifully paid its debts amid the controversy over Chines"
"/t de t f le h g ./"
"Pushing the boundaries of Chinese cuisine, thedragonchamber offers dishes like the exotic Dragon Claw (crocodile fo "
"Yang Jun is being very economical with the truth here: while it is so that the DRC wood that is being smuggled on... "
"Despite those warnings, the Chinese fighter jets continued their incursion for about 10 minutes  unusual compared "
"Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen has ordered a  expulsion of PLA warplanes next time they cross the  "
"#Taiwan will forcefully expel PLA warplanes next time: Tsai Ing-wen - Taiwanese president takes hardline response t "
"    Looks good.... what chinese and pak and all... grow up sir. "
" : Since their divorce, Murdoch has been telling anybody who would listen that Wendi is a Chinese spy--and had been throu"
" Chinese-born Deng, 44, and Murdoch, 82, first met at a party in Hong Kong in 1997 and tied the knot tw "
"#NASA chief Jim Bridenstine Indian #ASAT test created 400 pieces of orbital debris (larger than 10 cms) endang "
"Update: Chinese is a very very very very beautiful language + the historical weight the language and hanja carry "
"The bars at my gym fucking suck, the Texas PB is bent to shit and the rest are cheap Chinese bars with no gnurling "
"  They could be Chinese double agents, we may not realised ."
" :  "
"Video on Chinese African forum presented from the Auc #tito_ao "
" :   Correction, I used Japanese Yen to convert instead of Chinese Yuan."
"My favourite beast from the Chinese."
" Yes another Chinese copycat car!"
" When I was a student at  we used to speak a Chinese-French hybrid with the Malian students: e.g. "
"Recovering last night because I didn sleep until 3pm from Saturday afternoon and I been done over by my own fa "
" Aku pernah nanya yang main chinese version bahkan disana pun blm tamat jadi blm tau gimana real personalit "
"Hii story ata sijui Ni ya Nini ?#HudumaNamba"
"#hanyu #cinstina #chinese d - pr - tour guide"
" :  She can begin by shaming Americans into boycotting Chinese goods.  Wal-Mart, beware-- you will be shamed"
"Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children's porridge "
"Sure, the Chinese culture isn the best but I take someone shooting pics of me every time I leave my house over "
"Chinese authorities are particularly seeking to uproot the underground Church.://t.co/6jkPgNBCH2"
"Today's GLOBAL NEWS update.://t.co/Ou9MPAEyDX Spe "
" But don't worry. I'm sure that in a few years the Falklands will be part of... the same Chinese colony as Argentina."
" Thanks ill celebrate with chinese pizza and local flavor"
" I think it says something in Chinese "
"Good news for  and cross border dispute resolution involving China#! "
"Adding to the success of the Second Investment Roadshow in China - leading Chinese publication interviewed our fund "
" :  led by the SG  yesterday held high level bilateral discussion with the Chinese #CPC Delegati"
"Ye Chinese Modi hain !! "
"U.S. and Chinese manufacturing sectors showed signs of stabilizing in March "
"  Haha,I see you are big fan of Chinese herbs:))"
" "
"Chinese Olympic team kit sponsor Anta sued by small Hong Kong rival for allegedly copying design of its schoolbags "
"Kris is the closest to Super Junior Zhou Mi amongst the Chinese members of EXO-M #Trivia"
" You can probably do a whole section on Chinese prisoners working as laborers"
" She can begin by shaming Americans into boycotting Chinese goods.  Wal-Mart, beware-- you will be shamed above all!"
" : Chinese Premier Li Keqiang will attend 21st China-EU summit in Brussels, Belgium, which runs from April 8-12 and will"
""
"Chinese tech giant Tencent plans $5 billion dollar bond sale: "
" : Today's  scoop: Chinese fintech Unicorn WeCash wrapped up operations from India after spending a year and about"
""
"Chinese city offers cash incentives to informants on illegal religious groups "
"Just kidding, she says, Senator from the great debate last 6 months. Likewise, the Chinese committed perjury probe of California."
" This arrangement is helping China overcome acute gender imbalance. There are more men than women in "
"Up next we have Qiuyun Lu who is talking about the wide range of ways in which Chinese English majors use metaphors "
"Chinese Vice Premier Liu He will lead a delegation to Washington starting on April 3 with a visit to Beijing by U.S "
"#Ayurveda and Traditional Chinese #Medicine have been using #turmeric for millennia for its #health #benefits and "
"Officials in the Chinese city of Guangzhou have announced that rewards are being offered for those who report  "
"  Lol god forbid, the FB people find it. I can probably pull off the Chinese look."
" : 1/3[Chinese genes intensifies] up to date with us:: "
"#Vegan Food - Sweet And Sour Tofu Stock Photo  "
"A Chinese city is offering cash incentives to informants on illegal religious groups "
" : US Dollar Status as Global Reserve Currency Edges Down Further: Is the euro dead yet? And how is the Chinese Renminbi doi"
" : Chinese company MMG to declare force majeure on copper from Las Bambas mine amidst weeks-long blockade in Peru: "
"Chinese Dissidents Feel Heat of Beijing Wrath. Even in Canada  "
"[ABS-CBN] Ex-DFA chief to Chinese envoy: If it fabrication, who put artificial islands there? | "
"[ABS-CBN] Ex-DFA chief to Chinese envoy: If it fabrication, who put artificial islands there? | "
" : Chinese companies' bond defaults quadrupled last quarter- Hmmm. Not good. "
"#GlobalMarkets #Chinese manufacturing activity encouraged traders to start the new quarter with some cautious "
"[ABS-CBN] Ex-DFA chief to Chinese envoy: If it fabrication, who put artificial islands there? | "
"we need to get them the rich chinese fans that will buy the albums and stream"
"  /"
"Chinese company MMG to declare force majeure on copper from Las Bambas mine amidst weeks-long blockade in Peru: "
" "
"Everything's coming up Milhouse for this artist "
" Please don't make  3 an  exclusive. I will not purchase from a company that is partially "
"In Chinese history, #HuaMulan is a very special character. She takes the place of her aged father in an all-male ar "
" : There is a special place in hell for the #Chinese #Communist Party. I can hardly read this without retching.  #o"
" With help from the Poles, Indians Pakistanis, French, Canadians, Nepalese, Australians, Chinese....."
"Reiwa is also the first Era name to be taken from an old Japanese book - as opposed to Chinese, which all prior Era "
"Chinese hacking groups to ramp up cyber attacks on some industries, experts say - CSO Online..."
"Keep the Chinese government away from 5G technology - The Washington Post "
"mama: nakita ko si ****** may itsura naman pala, halatang chinese INAANO KA NG CRUSH KO HAHAHAHAHDIWJIESJIDJS"
" : Though she writing Japanese, but let me pretend it Chinese  "
" True indeed! If only they knew about  the number of Chinese flocking in on daily basis. Caucasians from "
" :   WHAT??? CHINESE ARMY??"
"Craving for chinese food kanina pa "
"Star Chinese artist Jia Aili talks to  about why the point of painting is to explore consciousness itself "
"hey?! of course i can, i'm chinese. and why would i cry............ "
"Chinese yuan weakens to 6.8949 against USD Friday"
"Match the sentences!) ) ) ) He was a very fast driver.) video driver) The relief d "
" bitaw noh, unya wala bya gd gihapon ang grades nato sa chinese sa card smh"
"China's GDP growth slowed to 6.4% in the fourth quarter of 2018, providing evidence of the US-China trade war's eco "
" : Chinese Mining destroying land and wrecking locals' health in Solomon Islands | Newshub "
"  A terrorist from Pakistan dreaming about space find its only a dream... grapes are sour.. "
" this is actually the firdt manhwa i read fully in chinese"
" : 2019.03.30 Doll::The back of my hand, the back of my foot, you are my darling. i"
"id::721082657615044608:Second Chinese Spy Case In a Week: Tried Exporting Materials for China Missile Program "
"  you might know who she is? she is currently serving as an MP in Malaysia and a Chinese non "
"Love these! In Asia Society #HongKong. #Chinese #Language #Travel #HK #Illustration #Drawing #Cartoon #Art "
"Buti pa ang Indonesia may bayag. Nuninuninu... "
"Chinese Zodiac: Monkey"
" If this is not a discussion of Fake News but rather racialized rumors then there are always stories "
""
"'They stage-managed everything': Diplomats, activists decry Chinese 'threats' at UN rights council "
" One or two countries do allow investment in local businesses, but the investors (mostly Chinese and "
"#InterpretWithUs today  until 4.30PM. Speeches #English #French #Spanish #Chinese #Italian #Japanese "
" : [WEIBO] 181123 #ParkSeoJoon Weibo update    fans thank you#ParkSeoJun # "
"  This is a Chinese company, and you know in China they have a policy that any company "
"Getting a Decent Night Sleep Is Harder for Young Chinese by Unknown Author via NYT "
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat? #ico #cryptocurrency #token #ROX #robotinarox_io"
" I don't care about them speaking korean or japanese or chinese, I just want the eng su"
"Chinese slaves in India think that we should ask for permission from China before liking and endorsing someone! "
" : Cherry blossom at NIG 2019 (8): Karami-zakura (Chinese cherry tree for cherry) and its hybrids."
" : Goldman-Backed Chinese online pet store Boqii plans IPO "
" a proper WeChat strategy, Western brands won get any traction there. Check out this useful guide explai "
" he's a double agent, who sold america to the communist chinese and russians who hacked our democracy."
"Chicken fiesta stil gen pi bon chinese ak wings  "
"So the Chinese have the option of blackmailing Hillary?? "
"So PAS rep called LGE a pondan.  Parliament.. bet if LGE wasn Chinese, he wouldn stoop to using th "
" "
"  MPs do not know anything about the future of this country, all they know is to avoid appr "
" : Doesn stop him from playing cricket. "
"Literally me when I have the money for a Chinese take-away "
" "
"we're finally going to get a traditionnal chinese concept I can't waiiiit uwu thanks awaken-f"
" : Today's date is: 1 April 2019. somewhat related news: and TaoBao announce a collaboration to usher in a new"
" : Happy Chinese New Year everyone!!!! May we all walk the path of the pig this 2019. Hoping best fortunes for our, . You wi"
"HMD  Nokia X71  "
" : Top Star Magazine Birthday Event  vote for No. 6 Aron for both Korean and Chinese poll!!! "
"  Ni housing tu"
"South Africa has Africa's largest Chinese population (300,000)."
"7.Chinese"
" thousands of  combination of Chinese characters have been tried by poets of all dynasties. It is really hard to escape from ..."
"://t.co/DCgK008loT "
"-     , -      "
"  The Spy Gate of China and the Chinese Facebook.the Contact of the Robert Mueller lin "
"India China: India activates strategic ITBP command from J-K to counter Chinese build up - The Economic Times "
"Always craving a Chinese"
"Mr.Richardone said that in the next years scholarships will be 50 percent for Egyptians and 50 percent for Chinese and Africans #tito_ao"
" : The alleged Chinese dredging vessel, MV Emerald in Lobo, Batangas  Manila "
"Beijing may assist in case of Chinese-American scholar in Iranian prison "
"Chinese development agency to aid 15 northern Nepali districts - The Kathmandu Post : "
" Sorry 10 I think and that already 3600 naira that even minus the Chinese currency"
"LOL Is Tom Hiddleston new Chinese commercial selling Centrum or home invasion? "
"Did you know that China is going to be 2nd largest consumer of wine by 2020? Well, it's never too late! Enter your "
" : The same Chinese Govt front group that Cindy Yang was involved in down in Florida, also operates in Australia &amp; has fai"
"i Felt that and i not chinese im cackLING"
" : Chinese  Dissidents Feel Heat of Beijing Wrath. Even in Canada  "
"Juncker steps up his criticism of Chinese trade practices just days after Xi sought to soothe European concerns in "
"Gorgeous "
"   Truth1 "
" : Hello hello I Liya, a chinese interior architecture student based in Germany! I love to work more with illustrations i"
" [the Taiwanese govt] finds a way to censor what they consider fake news without a legitimate legal process..th "
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat? ://t.co/iGxxdyFoKm "
"   Nigerians can yarn opata.... wasted milk??? laugh in Chinese...."
" groente snijden, ui en knoflook in pan kwakken ff bakken dan eerst ff brocolli erbij, ff bakke, da "
" : . and  write that the United States wants to use the trade talks to encourage China to adopt a more"
"This reply to  encapsulates CCP strategy: portray CCP media as the only representation of Chinese vo "
"Craving some Chinese  omg !"
" : Kass TV - live via "
"I'm going to TPF AGM and Lecture  - The recreation of the Chinese Wallpaper at Pitzhanger....  See you there? "
" :  Dear #China please close internment camp. Please stop the #racism and ethnic cleansing. Dear #Chinese please give"
" : #LimitedEdition #JohnnieWalker #BlueLabel #YearOfThePig  Beautiful bottle representing the year of the pig for Chinese New"
"That chinese trivagoo guy "
"Because youre chinese "
"  The question itself provides the answer.  Not dissimilar to OPSB/OPS/, when you are a "
" : "
" :             .You give a poor man a fish and you feed him for a day. You tea"
"Tuesday, April 2, 2019: Yun Chinese Dance Troupe at Clowes Memorial Hall, Butler University, today and tomorro "
"Chinese tech giant Tencent plans $5 billion dollar bond sale: "
" WTF is wrong with Chinese people? There seems to be a serious disconnect with humanity a lot of the time. "
"Heineken tour done. Off for a chinese to square me up "
"        "
" Say Chinese Gandhi vs real Gandhi make your choice, India."
"         "
" : #AvengersEndgame has two new international posters: "
" :   Chinese and Russian armies are both in our hemisphere just south of us and we don't plan to d"
"Manhua = chinese  = korean  = Japan"
"Unsay friend nami sa Chinese teacher ni Cj oyst. OMG idol nko na teacher Kay super bait jud si ma'am.   Skl  "
" : Zhen Jianghua  first criminally detained and then held under RSDL. There is no legal basis for the change. Both criminal"
"In a statement, Dominguez stressed that the government has always dutifully paid its debts amid the controversy ove "
"According to Las Pi hall, the owner of the China Food City said it is still on dry run and exclusive for Ch "
"/64 Volkswagen Type 2 Panel Van - Chinese Zodiac 2019 Year of the Pig (GREENLIGHT()) "
"What I Learned About Racism as the Only Chinese Person at a 'Chinese' Festival "
" (( )"
""
" dealbook .AnaSwanson and KeithBradsher write that the United States wants to use the trade talks to encourage C "
"     excuse me Pakistan is thankful for the airport "
"    On other hand 'Imran khan' a begger standing at the door of chi "
" "
" : A book is like a garden carried in the pocket.~Chinese Prover"
"     Engineer        Ref No.: 2 "
"Chinese tech giant Tencent plans $5 billion dollar bond sale: sources #USA #US #USBiz"
" : I want Chinese food"
"   "
"C-POP COCOLO Earth Colors -CHINESE-"
"Chateau de Cadillac-en-Fronsadais sold to Chinese investor "
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat? #News"
"Eastern Exposure: How Traditional Chinese Medicine Can Keep You Healthy - Men's Journal "
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under? "
"We got a new Huawei WiFi router, and I just like to say for the record  I think the Chinese people are a great bunch of lads."
"        Now comes word a "
" : Satellite images over Enemy China have provided the first photographs of a secret ChiCom Anti-Satellite Laser Base in w"
" those warnings, the Chinese fighter jets continued their incursion for about 10 minutes  unusual compared "
"Nissan's EV battery unit recharged under Chinese ownership "
"'They stage-managed everything': Diplomats, activists decry Chinese 'threats' at UN rights council "
"Halos karamihan ng chinese na nakakasalubong ko naka airpods "
"Philippines protests Chinese ships around disputed island "
" "
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under? "
" Thanks. I'm currently focusing on the African side and mostly on 'news' that racialise Chinese in Africa "
""
" I love to hear the Conman in Chief complain about  money.  It almost as though he thinks "
"I saw Chinese oral and then Jackson name and went ..  "
"  ..they protect and shield you from govt policies., Chinese, Lebanese &amp; Indians know "
" "
"  I never said to follow Chinese way of living. A little arm twisting is required."
" I love her design!  She is cute as heck, and being a tiger seems appropriate for the metaphysical aspec "
" There are real cases of oppression to muslims  we can't ignore that. The Chinese Uighurs, Burma, Yeme "
"With all due respect,  needs to be down at our Texas border, not at Chinese funded Wilson Center. Your c "
",chinese are extra!! "
"Tuesday April 2 - The Washington Post Opinions:     It been six months since Jamal Khashoggi murder, and Trump "
"But his freedom to reside in Macau indicated he had some Chinese support. It possible he was seen by some as a vi "
" :             5     #Transgender #Sindh #Police #Qu"
"U.S. and Chinese manufacturing sectors showed signs of stabilizing in March "
"humiliated, trying to enter Japan in 1998 to visit Tokyo Disneyland. He ended up in de facto exile, spending most o "
" : 'Some Indian media mistakenly concluded that the next Dalai Lama could be Indian, when all that His Holiness said was his"
" Good evening! Your work is cute and great! Can I transfer it to Chinese social site weibo? I promis "
"  The book Maharashtra Desha by Uddhav Thackeray is not available anywhere for sale. "
"Chateau de Cadillac-en-Fronsadais sold to Chinese investor #wine"
"Chinese goverment maybe want me back to China  , or try all the way take me back there. it need Please end my "
" : #China and #Arab countries are eyeing deeper cooperation on the wider application of China's BeiDou Navigation #Satell"
"This response comes after  scrambled interceptors on Sunday morning and broadcast warnings after two PLA J-1 "
" Niya chinese ti rice"
"mas trip ko parin talaga 'yung regular ng wayv. hot kasi ni ten don e charot HAHSHSHA wala ganda lang kahit chinese."
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat? "
" The rumors and sensationalist headlines would be more akin to Yellow Journalism rather than Fake New "
" Organizational Consultant Cathy Perme touches on why the first book she wrote is a labor of love "
"#Podcast #4: The Chinese Whisper of Communication. is the best way to collect #information in the workplace? "
"Protests at Chinese copper mine in Peru continue after local leader freed - Nasdaq: "
"How it feels wanting to discuss the battle of Chinese farm "
" President Ramaphosa son, Andile Ramaphosa, is alleged to be in another dodgy business dealing with "
""
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat? - #bitcoin #btc "
"20190402  Twitter Reply &amp; Chinese trans in pic : Pat, Bella**MarkGun_ChinaFC Original**  "
" Amazing, I like the Chinese woman and the leaf guy has to be a bad. Hopefully that one's wife will be ba "
"   Behave toward everyone as if receiving a guest.  Prover"
"GenScript will be at 3rd Annual Conference of the Chinese Antibody Society April 7th 2019 Cambridge, MA. Please sto "
"[hyomin] she's good at chinese and can speak a little bit of japanese."
"have to talk about some news for tomorrow's chinese oral exam, think i'll talk about jackson "
" : #Tension is who you think you should be. #Relaxation is who you are.  Chinese Prover"
" : Apply Neuroscience and Psychology for Improved Learning and Training with  book #Neuroscience for Learning and"
""
" "
"Chinese triple peek, get the entry and the trade #StarSeriesS7 "
"#Blockchain: Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat? #MyCDApp "
" I've been forced to use Gentium by some publishers, but never liked it. Call me old-fashioned, but Time "
"Sicilian Navel oranges fetch higher prices in the Chinese market "
"/     # "
" Drama. Pfft pinapasok mo na nga iligal Chinese workers eh, review pa kaya?! Gago!! Wag kami!!! Animal kaaaaaa "
" : Coverage of Russian and Chinese foreign policy in mainstream press typically involves making the US military and its inte"
"How Chinese entrepreneurs are quietly reshaping Africa.[Chinese] have been persuaded to test their ambition in f "
". and  write that the United States wants to use the trade talks to encourage China to ado "
"The Chinese  livery is more like a Vietnamese  one !!! are already in 2020 #F1 #ChineseGP "
" This guy  "
" : Chinese President Xi Jinping's congratulatory message to Arab summit reflects political will to deepen China-Arab cooperation:"
"Mr. Richardone the Auc president said we want more Africans and Chinese at AUC #tito_ao "
" Same in this game w/ Chinese. Theyll always be able go be the top dogs on pay to win games. It not ev "
"Chinese national team to play Bayern Munich#Chinese #nationalteam #play  #bayernmunich #Bayern #Munich "
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under? "
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat? "
""
" :   Ur chauvinistic hate mongering for Hindus/Modi cheapens u unbiased,apolitical Historian knows onl"
" : That what all this is about!Joe used his children to invest in international investments since Obama was making his own"
" : I would say its malaysian, not penang lang, not chinese but malaysian. Ikea in batu kawan are storm with people from north"
" : Happening now: H.E. Khaled Abdel Ghaffar speaks at the Chinese-African Higher Education Forum "
" : #Henry is such a little superstar!! ://t.co/9iKliBeNf8"
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat? #ico #cryptocurrency #token"
" Yes, exactly. HRC sold Special Access Programs to her servers to the Chinese, via Crowdstrike, which "
" Mache momentan unregelm  mit Anki: Chinese Sentences and audio, spoon fed und Chinese "
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat? "
"Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children's porridge "
"Why do some people think I'm Chinese??? skdksdkskdkdsks"
" : #Chinese Combo only at Rs 199/- #Special combo offer is here! Make your own combo only at Junglee Machaan. Dhanaulti."
"And another thing they have in common beside colonial history is chinese pimple. "
"The other side of Chinese investment in Africa "
"Just found out the 2Bunny design i want to sew is a ripoff of a chinese bunnygirl aliexpress costume for like 20 bucks. lol."
"   # # # #chinese # # # #Dek62 "
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat? "
"   Hello, Sega. I also have claimed a video of Sonic Adventure DX, I would like them "
" How could they investigate anything... Chinese can't log into social media"
"Retweeted CONCEPT (ConceptGrp): a statement, Dominguez stressed that the government has always dutifully paid i "
"   This is the result of smoking Chinese weed! Son, you never ruled us "
"A Chinese millennial just spent $14.8 million on artwork depicting the Simpsons://t.co/1ZAtMufTz7"
"Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children's porridge "
" |   Chinese Cooking TV  "
" :  New badge for next year. Chinese translated to English. "
"# #"
" :  When we asked Chinese for bullet trains they laughed at us - Pakistan minister. What response do you expect Kenya w"
"My punjabi friend:  feng tau a chinese word?:  punjabi friend:  does it mean:  your head"
"Patriot games: Xi Jinping dream of Chinese World Cup begins with thousands of footballing toddlers | South China "
"Walang Chinese walang terrorist #bars"
" :00()"
"HMD  Nokia X71  "
"Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children's porridge: Twenty-three kindergarten pupils fell sick after eating "
"Having worked at Caixin (Hu Shuli's Caijing actually, 3 yrs), Reuters (6 yrs), and FT (4 yrs now), I would say the "
" :       firstly, most new renewable en"
" I wanted to study the eight immortals of the wine cup and the creation of literary canons in Chinese p "
"The Chinese government has the upper hand, thanks but no thanks to its economic might and our very own government "
"Seems like  has decided to exit the India market. Their product quality aside, none of their "
" : CHINESE GOVERNEMENT. GUANG THUANG.GOVERNOR MR CHEN WU.: ((World dogshow 2019 - Sign the Petition! "
"Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children's porridge "
" : My article on #CPEC messages airport to improve Gwadar's connectivity through Chinese assistance connectiv"
"    ..://t.co/GKS2rRyK6n://t.co/5tJUGbhXxc "
"Bracelet Scandinavian 18mm, bracelet size 19.5-20cm (on the photo) workshop... "
"Those Chinese construction workers are really Chinese army. "
"The China Food Additives Association has announced that the total value of the Chinese food additives industry in 2 "
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat? "
"Latest: 1088 pieces of bamboo used to create Chinese landscape painting| CCTV English "
"   Chinese don't pray, Australians are atheists can you compare Nigeria government wit "
"On a roll. Dishes done...no mean feat. Load of washing hung out to dry. Place looks like a Chinese laundry with clo "
"Happening now: H.E. Khaled Abdel Ghaffar speaks at the Chinese-African Higher Education Forum "
" So my kids at uni with a large Asian population.  That's fine except when kid tried to join a study "
" : Someone ate or threw out the (clearly labeled and dated) Chinese food from Friday that I was saving for lunch today, and I"
"  Kind of her to give the Chinese perspective on this."
" BTCTN: Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat? "
"In a statement, Dominguez stressed that the government has always dutifully paid its debts amid the controversy ove "
" this is how Chinese will control every citizen"
" "
" Am pretty sure there was at least a blow job involved because of 1) choice of words/euphemisms in the "
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat? - "
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat? "
" :              ://t.co/T3B4IGyDTg"
"This sleep after I get home from my exam tomorrow gonna be so litttt, I can't wait and then I'll have chinese when "
"Here come the Chinese "
"  chips, chinese, chinese chips, curry. All bases covered :D"
" #TooYumm #T20Fever #BakedNotFried  Too Yumm Multigrains Chips Chinese Hot &amp; Sour  My tangy flavour of my t "
" "
" : /2:30 E "
"         "
"20,000 has been killed, yet his son, pulonh duterte lives as a chinese triad drug lord. "
" More chins than a Chinese phonebook"
"Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children's porridge "
" "
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat? "
"LOL(chinese) -&gt; I do it now. "
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat? "
"I love Google Translate for Chinese posts "
"  Chinese too."
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat? #crypto #blockchain"
"Ardern reminds us of immorality of quiet diplomacy in the face of crimes against humanity. 'I raised the [anti-Uigh "
" : Meet Juji, the 450-pound dog. "
" : Chinese #tungsten quotas split as follows- 2018 quota: 63.9kt  65% WO3 (Primary 51.3kt, secondary 12.6kt) 2019 q"
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat?  "
"Best Kung Fu Chinese Martial Arts Movies 2019 |  2019 | Film Laga Indonesia Sub "
" : Chinese Version of Love Jihad "
" Is het daar nu volledig in Chinese handen? Zei iemand me laatst. Heb geen idee meer wat nu te geloven."
"That what all this is about!Joe used his children to invest in international investments since Obama was making h "
"         Hmm s "
" :  In 2017, U.S. counterintelligence officials warned Jared Kushner that Chinese-American businesswoman Wendi De"
" : Chinese #Shipping Giant to #Explore Blockchain for Upstream #Supply Chain Financing: #news #coint"
" In 2017, U.S. counterintelligence officials warned Jared Kushner that Chinese-American businesswoman W "
"  That was Chinese BTW..."
"Bracelet Scandinavian 18mm, bracelet size 19.5-20cm (on the photo) workshop jewelry nu "
" chinese malaysian dAN PUNYA CEWE. huf"
"Chinese police arrested &amp; repatriated 2 S.Korean suspects involved in drug dealing, and seized 1.7 kms of smokable "
" :  SHOES MY CAP.A.  Fruits Paradise+MP3,200-025 HOODIE"
"Chinese firms launch scholarship to promote vocational training in Kenya "
"  "
"SCMP: Taiwanese  Tsai Ing-wen has ordered a  expulsion of PLA warplanes next time they cross th "
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat? "
"  Yep we went for Chinese dumpling style things prawn crackers and spring rolls"
"Synergistic antifungal indolecarbazoles from Streptomyces sp. CNS-42 associated with traditional Chinese medicine A "
"Joe you can do better than that. As a Democrat President you will be able to sell the rest of America off to the hi "
" Yup! Another option daw is we bring someone who speaks and understands Chinese. Hmmkay."
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat? "
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under? "
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat? "
"Because our armed forces aren as strong as Pakistan, Vietnam, or Israel. Countries like the US owe PROC billions "
"     China stealing intellectual property is a very s "
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat? "
"New post: Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat? "
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat? "
"In a statement, Dominguez stressed that the government has always dutifully paid its debts amid the controversy ove "
" Yeapp~ But I can't write in Chinese lmao (although I'm a chinese i'm a disgrace to my race) so I can o "
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat? #Bitcoin #China "
"China is not only taking over our seas, it's also destroying our shores! Shame on this government! #ChinaLayas "
"  And the Chinese + growing debt in Africa to China?  this count actual military or contractors as well?"
" :  Minority ethnic.  Not Hindus, Sikhs or Chinese, that's for sure."
"I cannot wait to cook the chooken boobs I just bought. I found my favourite Chinese garlic chilli sauce."
"ENGLISH DOCUMENTARY Chinese Vietnam War 1979 "
" :          "
" : Haiping Zhu presenta su comunicaci titulada Shhhhs! Chinese Students Are Studying Quietly In the UK en el #2019High"
"   Epic Games is partially owned by Tencent which is a subsidiary of the Chinese Gover "
"CHINESE GOVERNEMENT. GUANG THUANG.GOVERNOR MR CHEN WU.: ((World dogshow 2019 - Sign the Petition! "
" : 'Laozi, the ancient Chinese #philosopher, said:  #leader is best when people barely know he exists, when his #work is done, h"
" Colors CHINESE://t.co/T2NmuC1ueS#fmcocolo765 "
"i just imagined xiaojun and kun singing along to back 2 u while walking around and IM DESPERATE FOR ANY KIND OF NCT "
" :  A dead pregnant whale was found with about 48 pounds of plastic in its stomach off Sardinia, Italy://t.co/Jnyt8N82ug"
"Chinese private firm OneSpace fails with first orbital launch attempt - "
"#Silver priced in #SDR (US dollar, EU euro, British pound, Japanese yen, Chinese yuan) (Apr. 1, 2019) - via "
" : # "
" :   -   ,    !# "
"If you are interested in the Chinese market, there a lot to learn: #Translation "
" :         "
"If the Chinese don't care about India's opinion on the Belt and Road, why put it here in the first place? "
"  It is not farfetched for China to meddle in Phil elections so only candidates sympath "
"   ...and whilst he points at One Nation for seeking donations from the wrong people, "
"Collection of the Best funny clips in China that is fun by Chinese people has created great moments of relaxation. "
" "
" :   "
"Chinese scientists find a new target for gene therapy for osteoarthritis#China #ArticularCartilage #Science "
" : European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker stepped up his criticism of Chinese trade practices. "
" : Historical fantasy drama Spirit Realm (lit. trans.) holds filming ceremony today with leads #FanChengcheng and #ChengXiao"
"  Very disappointing. not complain about Chinese influence while reducing our 'aid' to the region."
" : Tired of daily traffic jams, concrete high-rises and fast-paced life in big cities? Join the growing number of Chinese urbanite"
"    #"
" My friend, dont tell grandparent buy you shoes show off pretty chinese feet."
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat? "
"   If she had a brain, and if she wasn't a Chinese spy pretending to be a sena "
"Chinese tech giant Tencent plans US$5 billion dollar bond sale - sources "
"Yeh chinese baby paida karegi. "
"Small list of some new marine fish now in from tmc: butterfly  tang tuskfish bl "
"Chinese-built armed drones have fired 3000 rounds of weaponry: Report - THE WEEK "
"Toby, your handwriting seems even better than mine (I'm Chinese). "
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat? "
"'Salvo of notes verbales issued over Chinese presence in Pag-asa://t.co/3RjvFU1oG3"
" : Thanks Chinese government letting the world know some type of ......... them##bitcoin "
"#Gold priced in #SDR (US dollar, EU euro, British pound, Japanese yen, Chinese yuan) (Apr. 1, 2019) - via "
" FJSKDK iLl dO mY chiNese doNt shOot number is 6 uwu"
"Professional assistance to Chinese state-owned enterprises to moneitizeded usance LC "
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat? "
" : If you use weibo and want to find ateez content here their chinese names-: :  : :"
" :  the word. government!## "
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat? - "
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under? "
" :  government "
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat? #bitcoin #cryptocurrency #blockchain #ethereum "
"Chinese teapots "
"This was why the Chinese ambassador, through gritted teeth, said Filipino fishermen MAY fish in the WPS. "
" : Unlike Chinese #ASAT demonstration conducted at 800 km, India responsible #MissionShakti was conducted at 300 kilometers,"
"   Comey swapped out Coleman and his entire team for Strzok/McCabe and the re "
" I wish I could understand Chinese ahaha But I love the way they are together, like a sweet evening for just two of them "
"Baloch Liberation Army attacks Chinese assets - Several Chinese Engineers Killed "
"Worth re-emphasizing that the recovery in China PMI is seasonal! Chinese new year rebound has happened every y "
"  Matagal na yang Chinese vessels na yan jan nung 2012 pa  ngtataka kapa din hanggang ngayon? Hahaha"
" : Recently I was interviewed for the  podcast - this part of the series tackles issues for SMEs around bu"
"Chinese Paper Lantern Decoration Wedding Party Event Festival 8 10 1 "
"can believe they don follow the lunar calendar for kpop idols chinese horoscope I NNEEDD MY PIG DOYOUNG AND PIG KUN."
" :  Because it's pro dev but anti-consumer. Lacks user reviews, forums, proper feedback systems, and datamines y"
"  "
"$SWFTC looks awesome here, was hyped as the Chinese Ripple last year (I entered at 30 Sats last week but it still l "
"chinese"
"and wala silang tax. no wonder why most chinese owned schools are sectarian "
" : BBC News  -  "
" |   Chinese Cooking TV  "
" : Wondering about entering the Chinese market to sell B2B? Try starting with this episode of the China #export podcast s"
"[CSO] Chinese hacking groups to ramp up cyber attacks on some industries, experts say --&gt; 1953, the Chinese "
" : If you ever meet someone who tries their hardest to stick by you regardless of how difficult you are, keep them close or"
" Lol you was running like that Old Chinese Lady who says  break you buy  "
"Chinese #tungsten quotas split as follows- 2018 quota: 63.9kt  65% WO3 (Primary 51.3kt, secondary 12.6kt) "
" :   But even better, a China problem... "
" : If you ever meet  person don let em go."
" : Summer 2019: Must not Forget the Chinese psyche.  are other areas along McMahon Line that may see activity by the Com"
" :  month President Donald Trump said he had asked his Chinese counterpart, Xi Jinping, whether China had a drug problem. H"
" Boy, the post is fast! What do you mean fake? Excellent Chinese rubber! Are you anti Chinese too? "
"Taiwan to Block Chinese Streaming Ahead of Election see "
" : The US Government hates Huawei phones because the Chinese devices don come with pre-installed NSA backdoors and spy tools"
" : ZERO HEDGE says: Climate Change Alarmists Routinely Ignore Chinese Flouting Of Paris Accords  "
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat? #OpEd #Bitcoin "
"Chinese people are awkward af  #TuesdayThoughts"
"Chinese tech giant Tencent plans US$5b dollar bond sale  sources - Reuters "
"Chinese firefighters contain forest fire after 30 dead "
"Chinese Aussie CITIZEN harassed  Australia airport customs! How will they treat YOU? #Tweet4Taiji #BoycottAustralia "
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat? #blockchain #bitcoin #btc"
" "
"Haiping Zhu presenta su comunicaci titulada Shhhhs! Chinese Students Are Studying Quietly In the UK en el "
" Some of them will be lining up a cushy consultancy role with an American health insurance company or a Chinese Bank."
"sometimes i really don understand why artist upload music in china have to translate every other language lyrics "
"And since carpool again going to Binondo, all my carpoolers are Chinese "
"Why art films don't stand a chance at the #Chinese box office "
" : As the most important synthetic data index in Chinese Entertainment, AiMan commercial values are dehydrated values with"
"I want chinese food but its 4am"
"New Zealand's Jacinda Ardern talks Uyghurs and Huawei with Chinese President Xi Jinping "
"GOT7 ver ver ver ver ver(;)!!!!"
" : Chinese police investigating early #AprilFools Day social media financial rumour "
" SHOES MY CAP.A.  Fruits Paradise+MP3,200-025 HOODIE "
" ~"
" haha for sure :) Since then using Anki is a daily habit. I read all Chinese reading companions I co "
" "
" : Public Relations powerhouse Roxy Jacenko says Aussie could learn a lot from the Chinese who work 'all hours of the day'."
"  Chinese president ny kaha tou Harf e Akhir tha. We should always be sceptical. Thats the "
"  If tomorrow a poll would say Chinese people are his base he would dress like an egg roll."
"Apparently one of our local Chinese restaurants (now closed) were found with several seagulls in their freezer some "
" Carbon Tax in Canada will change Climate Change where oil sands makes more pollution to natural resourc "
"Chinese people built banaue rice terraces? Makes me want to ask my ancestors if it's true, well it isn't..."
" : If you think that drinking soy milk or eating tofu or soy nuts is great for the environment... think twice When Chinese"
"You do know that there is no private Chinese media in China.  By law they have to be branched from the Party propag "
" : Great to welcome the delegation of Chinese universities to London  for the International Innovation &amp; Ente"
" : Police identify one of the suspects in abduction of Chinese student "
""
"Summer 2019: Must not Forget the Chinese psyche.  are other areas along McMahon Line that may see activity by "
" : Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat? - #bitcoin News #Crypto #CryptoNews #cryptocurrency #cr"
" Minority ethnic.  Not Hindus, Sikhs or Chinese, that's for sure."
"I'm at MODERN CHINESE  in , Tochigi-ken "
"Today's  scoop: Chinese fintech Unicorn WeCash wrapped up operations from India after spending a year and "
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the #Dollar Era Under Threat? #oped #bitcoin #china"
" : Dear friends stickers of our bot are now in Chinese and Indonesian for free by clicking on the link"
"   I don't know where you kids get your crazy information from but, there's n "
""
"   Yessir that's him. He was the lead of the CI team when the Hillary email b "
"Russian Banks Join Chinese Swift  Is the Dollar Era Under Threat? - #bitcoin News #Crypto #CryptoNews "
"  Ebile Ke lekgowa or Chinese, we r in trouble"
"I need to be absolute nil by mouth now, going on holiday and all I can think about is Chinese breakfast, dinner and tea "
"The top 30  fastest-growing Chinese companies in the UK had an average growth of 66%  and employed more than 3,500 "
"People from Black Caribbean, Black African, Chinese and South Asian backgrounds are more at risk of Type 2 diabetes "
"Why art films don't stand a chance at the #Chinese box office "
"#ChinaDefense Capable of delivering precision bombardment, the weirdly shaped Chinese helicopter drone Blowfish A2 "
"        "
" : There are fears Beijing is about to launch an undeclared invasion as 200 Chinese militia vessels swarm a disputed part of"
"Or else, Taiwan may forcefully invite  Chinese jets next time! But who is behind Taiwan to extremely weaponize "
"Haiping Zhu talks about Shhhhs! Chinese Students Are Studying Quietly In the UK in the #2019HigherEducationSIG "
"   "
" :  Chinese gazwa e pakistan"
"Chinese boxer trounces stereotypes, depression to become  of the Ring "
"As a Saudi oil minister once remarked, the Stone Age didn end because we ran out of stones. It seems it neither "
" It's all got to do with the history of people, the way theirs children's children's children were raised. "
""
"Love this story from Wu Yue, looking forward to the film  "
" That can only work if the person was Chinese or Asian ."
"can the stylist like personally contact sehun and make a chinese fashion editorial happen?  "
"Summer 2019 in illegally occupied Tibet theatre: noted a few days ago, of Chinese activities, in Tibet "
"Hangovers and Chinese "
" : Y'all, I am unreasonably excited to give my talk on American Chinese food, motor scooters, and open source development"
" : VIDEO: Shocking footage of 'boy racer', 33, ploughing into Chinese tourists in #StAndrews #Fife://t.co/5nFnNhgtO7 h"
" :  F1 Fantasy League  a few people asking,decided to set up a league starting from the Chinese GP (13/14th April)"
"I didn't know you could tweet like that  Send tweets to +001-40404 as text messages  But I can't send Chinese!"
"Chinese Taipei W vs Turkey W, Apr 02, 2019 - predictions "
" asked some of the leading thinkers from BRI &amp; Chinese researchers... coal be green? &amp; they said  depen "
" : Things for soup-onion fried with shitake mushrooms-Dashi beef instant stock-light miso paste-light soya souce and sesam o"
" i've heard that a love so beautiful, love O2O and legend of Fuyao is good but idk myself, haven't watched chinese dramas "
" : Just came out of a Chinese grocery where every worker was Venezuelan except the Chinese cashier and Trini security guard"
" :  The world's first printed poetry collection was made by the Chinese Buddhist monk Tanyu  for his teacher Gua"
"()"
"       "
"I had a nightmare that Tom Richey Facts got hijacked by Chinese hackers and started tweeting propaganda. Thanks "
" Moments when I'm so glad Bruno the Chinese tradelord Macaes has blocked me and I blocked him."
"Panelo doubts Chinese envoy's claim on vessels near Pag-asa | "
" Lol damn Chinese...I just booked one at triple the cost here with 2 queen beds, a kitchenette and a "
" : Strange way to discipline children... - Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children's porridge "
"Amerislamunderway Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children's porridge "
" : Chinese protein demand provide underlying support to livestock prices "
"    he said just call it a pan when it is chinese thats all I said"
" This makes me extremely sad. I will not give  / the Chinese Government (Tencent) my personal "
"Le: Chinese Travelers Opt for Luxury Across Europe. tourists spent on average $1,763 per person on tri "
"Chinese police investigating early April Fools Day financial rumour - South China Morning Post "
" : Why are Pakistani busy preparing for the Chinese New Year? "
"tangina chinese vessel nagdredredging sa batangas anong kagaguhan yan! province na ba tayo ng china! taenang duterte yan #TVPatrol"
"Source Code Capital Leads $50M Round In Chinese Engineering Equipment Rental Firm - #Shanghai #China #"
" Mare chins than the chinese phonebook you bowfter"
" "
"My point concerning the use of  boats is that the term can evoke diminutive wooden craft built for local f "
"IMAX SHATTERS CHINESE NEW YEAR OPENING BOX OFFICE RECORD GROSSING  MILLION (US $32.3 MILLION) "
" :  recession in recent Chinese history could follow US trade war "
"  We are to believe that another president wouldn't take on the Chinese deals...I will vote "
"#Tension is who you think you should be. #Relaxation is who you are.  Chinese Prover"
" South China Sea? incursions into our claims in Antarctica?"
"Eminence #chinesecalligraphy #chinese #handlettering #calligraphy #procreate #procreatelettering #wordpress "
"  if endgame say will make 400 there then by third weekend it will be around 350 already p "
"    I never thought of this question, but after some time, I know "
" : Chinese and Arab officials and experts envision building Space Silk Road through closer cooperation on wider application of C"
" Is that Japanese? Amazing. I don't have any Japanese. The Chinese characters are very similar."
"Wanted to step out my comfort zone &amp; try a blunt cut bob w/ a chinese bang but once I saw the hairstyle on this oth "
" : Did you know that China is the global pioneer in #eMobility? 2018, the Chinese consumers purchased more electric and plug-i"
"A Chinese millennial just spent $14.8 million on artwork depicting the Simpsons "
"#PICInquiry Surve says neither the PIC nor the Chinese have funded Independent Media, Only Sekunjalo has funded the "
"Sure, the Chinese culture isn the best but I take someone shooting pics of me every time I leave my house over "
" You can mix actually, like the most important and impactful sentence can be in Chinese and the rest of "
" : Chinese food and Love and Hip Hop.... Mmmm"
" : If you want to connect with people, you start with their needs, not your own. Start with their hurts, not your own. Start wi"
" DawudWalid:  channeltherage: Episode 79: activist arslan_hidayat talks to our host cjwerleman about cr "
"     I think you might have misunderstood sarcasm. That "
"Nike Air Max 98s for Chinese New Year 2019 "
"Chinese province grows trade links with the Midlands "
"-://t.co/8SWLxQQ1Vo"
" : Improvements in Chinese higher education will mean little unless the country universities embrace a global obligation"
"nah Chinese dramas are so draining.'m watching Eternal Love and i've never been this stressed in my lyf"
"Very good pretty actress "
"Chinese hacking groups to ramp up cyber attacks on some industries, experts say "
"Latest gadget in Nepali market. Chinese product manufactured in India. Recently bought by Samrat Hikmat Chand Thaku "
"Chinese soldiers remains to be returned to China from ROK. #WorldNews #TombSweepingDay "
" Why are the Chinese stalls so empty"
"Chinese firefighters contain forest fire after 30 dead "
"Rate Chinese girl "
" : Australian PM Scott Morrison WeChat account also delivering Budget message tonight: Schools and hospital funding. An"
"We are so proud of Kim Van Etten, Hempfield High School's Chinese teacher! She presented at the very prestigious Ta "
" Ask your viewers to tweet with this handle #ROSEPETALNASA   Nasa says about 60 pieces of debris have been "
" :  no more noise cancelling headphones. Hv to buy Chinese ones. They may transfer noise inside instead of bloc"
" : Pioneer Chinese music program opens new doors for young Americans' future.Many American children, not only those of Chinese o"
"Spot price quotes for double-frozen pollock fillet blocks are rocketing up, with headed and gutted (H&amp;G) fish from "
" : () "
" : LOOK: New Chinese restaurant in Las Pi City that caters mostly to Chinese construction workers of a development site. Fil"
"Intel Capital backs two Chinese AI companies  | AVCJ "
" :  government agencies will add #fentanyl-related substances to a supplementary list of controlled narcotic drugs"
" : The Palace, however, could not say when the Department of Foreign Affairs filed the protest or what the document contai"
"Chinese mashing groups to ramp up potato attacks on some industries, experts say  #Eugene "
" "
"Chinese hacking groups to ramp up cyber attacks on some industries, experts say "
"Chinese Laundry will cook in Dalston and Brockley over four months, starting ...://t.co/LjgT5NfHlD+1 LondonBot #London #food"
" : 5 Most Common Mistakes When Learning Chinese - Correct Them and Speak Better - "
" : Must Watch- this the braveheart who speaks about showing 'Laal Aankh' to China. becoming the PM, he stands"
"Bakit prang Chinese embassy tong Eastwood? Anyare?"
" :  2015 study by ANU found applicants with Chinese, Middle Eastern and Indigenous sounding names were far less likely to get"
"Some of the Chinese kanji characters were simplified and evolved into a uniquely Japanese syllabic script called kana.3/3 #gogakuru #English"
"  These Chinese GANDHIs are accusing Indian Army of rape in their manifesto m surpris "
"The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now.  Proverb via "
" : Told ya, today is April fools, so they they filed a diplomatic protest. The Chinese ambassador was in Malacanang to assis"
"     Well said Paul. Turkey has committed itself "
" : Lots of traffic for this  scoop. Hard to figure out why. A massage parlor owner selling access to "
" Just start with a rule equal to theirs, any Chinese co must be 51% owned by a US entity.  See how th "
"Today specials:-  korma  chicken curry  &amp; tomato pasta bake  sau "
"chinese stores in binondo sell the craziest things and i wanna try them all ! ! !"
"Chinese Military troops arrive in Venezuela with &amp;#8220;humanitarian aid&amp;#8221;  "
" Ah in Chinese it makes sense. It literally means scattered light."
" mirip tau ah gaya2 feri salim emang chinese men dimana mana"
" "
"This Chinese Makeup Artist is Super Talented  #Chinese #Talent "
"Drama, bij het bestrijden van een bosbrand in het zuidwesten van China zijn afgelopen weekend 27 #brandweerlieden o "
"2/ Even more Chinese manufacturers than ever. "
"/g/"
" BLA, CHINESE NEWS NOT IN OUR MEDIA. WHY? 0334 603 6338 WAP 0311 296 9659"
"And wth do we let Chinese companies produce virtually all of our computers and other electronic devices? "
"No.18 from our #1978Top30 list#WarrenZevon #livemusic of London://t.co/FwqiQrGEmH#music "
"7. Chinese"
" "
"Chinese tech giant Tencent plans $5 billion dollar bond sale: "
" : What may be said with certainty is that the #religion of #China came from #India.  -Count #Magnus Bj (1779 -1"
" Literally they (Chinese) captured huge market in such entertaining app."
" : Stunning style statement from this beauty  a gorge main of red locks topped with my Chinese blue brocade h"
"Bro: I wanna tell you sth, don tell mama okay? : which is? : I a Chinese Girlfriend in school : so, "
" : #VEDIC TANG #CHINA DYNASTY (618) CONNECTION: #Subhakarasimha (637-735) was an eminent #Indian #Buddhist monk and mast"
"Chinese tech giant Tencent plans $5 billion dollar bond sale: sources "
"Chinese City Offering Rewards for Reporting  Religious Activities, Raising Further Concerns for House Chur "
" : Huh Cyril? The illegal ones, eg Nigerians,Somali's, Chinese included who BTW do not pay tax ..you want to protect th ("
"What does Xu Zhangrun punishment mean for hopes of academic freedom? "
" : #VEDIC TANG #CHINA DYNASTY (618) CONNECTION: Vajrabodhi (671) was an #Indian #Buddhist monk . Translating texts f"
" : #Chinese authorities accused of intimidating #Uyghurs in #Australia"
"  "
" : #VEDIC TANG #CHINA DYNASTY (618) CONNECTION: (#Vajrasekhara Sutra, AKA the #Sarvatathagatatattvasmgraha)  |Politics a"
"Climate Change Alarmists Routinely Ignore Chinese Flouting Of Paris Accords | Zero Hedge "
" : "
"    Who is now fighting for the interest of the customers or consumer "
"O.M.G. is the feeling about you have got my heart already.: AMP From Netease Lofter.# #bingqiu "
" and  favorite artist:.E.M(),S.H.E,Hebe Tien(),,"
" I thought it was chinese "
" #WApol  A promoted tweet. I assume your churchie friends are paying for it with their untaxed wealth. Br "
"Australian PM Scott Morrison WeChat account also delivering Budget message tonight: Schools and hospital funding. "
"Attending the Chinese-African Higher education forum at motaz el Alfi Hall #tito_ao "
"  East "
" : Have I called someone a mouse instead of a teacher in Chinese before? Yes, multiple times."
" Hate to state the obvious but why would Kenyan patients need signs inside the hospital in Chinese ???"
" :  Chinese loudo ke Liye Ajhar masood, Laskare taiba  ban jate hai  unky gaadh Me dum nahi rahti"
"Chinese opera to present Marco Polo's romance in medieval China, highlight cultural exchanges on Silk Road "
"Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children's porridge "
"One of the greatest recurring gags in Keeping Up Appearances. The wrong numbers thinking it a Chinese takeaway.  "
" : Eastern Ports used to be very busy until 2006 when Obasanjo cancelled their incentives. PMB spent  $30M in Onne Port and"
"Capital Today Leads $30M Series B Round In Chinese Convenience Stores Operator - #Shanghai #China #"
" sering dikira chinese padahal ga ada chinesenya sama sekali"
", Chinese menu Japanese"
" :  #     SWIFT   CIPS  #           ."
" : #China#NewZealand Islamic Association of NewZealand refuse a $1.2 million donation from China, due to China's 'ethnic"
" # #  #  "
"  The 80th was at a Chinese restaurant, so, uhhh"
"Chinese police investigating early April Fools Day financial rumour - South China Morning Post "
"Say Ni Hao~ (Hello) to these  Chinese girls version of EXO CHANYEOL AND KYUNGSOO  ! #liKaixin and  #DengEnxi "
"KAEL NG SIBUYAS Sumbong sa umano'y kartel sa mga storage ng sibuyas, aalamin ng Philippine Competetion Commision "
" : If you continue those [long hours] for 10 years, people will have no personal life any more, they will have no kids, they will go"
" : Dankzij hun Chinese toeleveranciers werken Nederlandse bedrijven ongewild mee aan dwangarbeid door Noord-Koreanen://t.co/o1T"
""
"Vietnam arrests Chinese man with 300 kg of heroin. "
"I hope people will not just vote Bong Go but all those candidates endorsed by that Chinese lapdog. "
" :  #FREE #KINDLE #EBOOK Chinese Cuisine: From Hunan to Szechuan - Most of us love Chinese food - who doesn't eat pot sticker"
"#Chinese students continued to lead enrolments in Australian educational institutions during 2018, followed by stud "
" : Hm? "
" So says the greatest Communist Pope in history.  A Pope that bows down to the Chinese Communist Part "
" Gandhi in an image of Modi, is most hybrid and modern solution for current problem created by Chinese Gandhi's."
"Ayg kabalaka gud! Ikaw raman akong gipasabot sakong mga tweets, mabisaya mana, matagalog, ma english, chinese churv "
" Sorry to say but if nothing changes anytime soon we gonna get f*ked in the next 10 years.  will not "
" "
" : ...# "
" : The MBK billboard birthday project from 29 Chinese fans has finished successfully. Thanks every fan to certify it and love"
" : #Athens #bookstore opens #chinese section, plans 500 titles #GO  "
" The Chinese Government / Secret Service?"
"Chinese tech giant Tencent plans $5 billion dollar bond sale: "
" :  They literally used that word for no reason other than intentionally trying to be edgy and controversial. The"
" "
"  Greate article, we have translated it to Chinese. "
"India's Sameer Verma put up a daunting effort before going down in three games in a pulsating opening round clash a "
"[ #CHINA #TRENDS ] #SNCF a lanc une cha officielle #WeChat pour guider les touristes chinois dans 18 gares  tr "
".  attracts Gen Z Chinese customers with Alibaba Group partnership  "
" : First it was the Conservative Party's criticism of worrying increases in Chinese ownership within Australia and the la"
"Hisense reconocida como una de las mejores marcas por BrandZ Top 10 Chinese Global Brand Builders "
"Chinese hacking groups to ramp up cyber attacks on some industries, experts say #CSO"
" : # "
"Tencent Backs Series B Round Of Chinese AI-Enabled Phone Robot Developer Guiji Zhineng - #Shanghai #China #"
"  Een prachtig 200-delig handgeschilderd Chinees servies met bladgoud. Gekregen van een Chinese "
"Ding's Club reinterprets the quintessence of traditional Cantonese cuisine with modern sensibilities and its interi "
" "
"Did you know that China is the global pioneer in #eMobility? 2018, the Chinese consumers purchased more electric "
"  Paki legislators are not Chinese Citizens that Xi can imprison &amp; hang. worst, China wi "
"Chinese #ecommerce giant Taobao reaps over 100 million RMB by combing #LiveStreaming with shopping.  more abou "
"Brands can boost China's sharing economy #sharingeconomy #gigeconomy #smart #innovation #chinese #millenials"
"Liu also believes the Chinese can learn from Afghanistan anti-extremism experiences and their admin of religious "
" The people who say yes, don't mind him selling out parcels of this country to foreign interests. The S "
"Watch the opening of the Chinese-African Higher Education Forum here "
"Australian #literature has become more familiar to Chinese people in recent years. To further promote Australian li "
"Thanks to all my friends who has donated their time translating and editing the subtitle, the first episode of "
" : De column! Over hoe in de coalitie een leiderswissel bij het CDA wordt verwacht. Over het VVD-vaasje van Chinese makel"
"Lol "
"AIR TRANSPOATION: Chinese C-17 Diversifies "
"Goldman-Backed Chinese online pet store Boqii plans IPO "
" *Bacha? They will do both. I think Pakis should be told that their women folk are prefering Chinese for some good reason "
""
" I like Chinese food, occasionally"
" hm im not sure. i used to get ads in chinese a lot when i was more focused on learning and i would wat "
" : !?# # # # # # # # # # # :"
"    "
"   That's a shame to hear. They keep saying Rwanda is becoming the Singapore of "
"Chinese-built Banaue Rice Terraces? Lonely Planet under fire "
" !"
" What had Osma bin Laden done against Pakistan or even US? It was all lies, an excuse, a symbol to inva "
" : Chinese journalists have to censor themselves because only then can they deliver good, truthful reporting to their hundreds of"
"Chinese Proverb - Every smile makes you a day younger .  I got that from a fortune cookie ."
" Hi, I am a Chinese reporter and desperate to learn the experience from you how to protect and fight the w "
" : Now comes one of the biggest irritants in US/China trade relationship: Beijing tough cyber law, which American business"
"Best Action Movies Chinese Movies 2018 English Subtitles "
" Hi, I am a Chinese reporter and desperate to learn the experience from you how to protect and fight t "
" I got a Chinese copy of that from eBay."
"I got a Chinese child and a Japanese sister. Yet I only an extraordinary Korean."
" : . Scotia has no plan B to respond to a Chinese boycott of lobsters, a very real threat.  opening day next month t"
""
"  Journalists working for Chinese outlets like Caixin or SixthTone aren't doing any less "
" : Trying to get my favourite vegan Chinese  into this years . Launching a poll on how many vegans love"
"Like the heck, I cannot understand Chinese, so I wait for the subtitle lol..."
"Chinese leaders  confused by Trump demands on trade "
" I think there is a Chinese legend like this but the ghost wife killed everyone who knew..."
"In Iron Man 3, the Mandarin says True story about fortune cookies. They look Chinese. They sound Chinese. But they "
" : Mainstream media/DC China hawks: China's social credit system is an Orwellian dystopia!-nerd well-actually f"
"#Chinese #meat market set to be worth CNY1,589.9bn by 2023, says #GlobalData://t.co/REr7uBGdzK"
"  (^^) "
" I'm eating Chinese food, not a salad. I'm obviously not trying to be healthy. Lol"
"Chinese Media Slams Bollywood Movies For Spurring Anti-China Sentiments in Inida - EurAsian Times "
"Have you had Chinese Hotpot before?  "
"         "
"Archives of #DiscussJapan  National Borders in an Uproar (I): Three-Four-Two Formula Engineered by Chinese "
"The alleged Chinese dredging vessel, MV Emerald in Lobo, Batangas  Manila "
" : #China State Council said they would continue to suspend additional #tariffs on US vehicles and auto parts after Apr"
"   said about 60 pieces of debris have been tracked so far after India carried out tests. As if American, "
" :         Thanks. I since learned"
"Chinese Media Slams Bollywood Movies For Spurring Anti-China Sentiments in Inida "
" : Chinese high-security jail puts AI monitors in every cell  make prison breaks impossible "
" I'm a Chinese! If you need help, please contact me"
"  It interesting that these two words has the same meaning in ancient Chinese poems"
"This shit irks me to the moon, pluto, and back then here come oh you wanna date only chinese &gt;_&gt; no u dumb bitch "
"Meet the man who bet on Chinese debt "
"EXO 2nd Album  EXODUS (CHINESE VER.) IDR 265.000 (READY : KAI, D.O, CHANYEOL, LAY, CHEN, SUHO) Add line us LBC4282 "
" Atimes I believe the Chinese are from king Solomon's generation. Honestly, I haven't met or seen a dulla "
" It's not a problem, because native speakers have almost no trouble with it. #Chinese has tones, which are "
"Who would like to write my presentation for my Chinese class tomorrow? I have written one sentence so far, and it i "
" # #SilkRoad "
"The Chinese company Huawei is strongly criticsed in a report by the National Cyber Security Centre over 'long term "
"CHINESE BOXING WITH 35 POUNDS DUMBBELL "
" I've crushed many w Chinese buffet hungover on a Sunday morning during my higher education days."
" "
"I starting to think the Chinese national anthem might be High Hopes by Panic at the Disco cause I can walk down "
" Talk about creating division.  The Chinese and Russian government could not find a better plant to s "
"Japanese:  I'm a Scientist:  I'm an Artist:  I'm Economist:  I'm an Architect: "
" Deep Chinese"
"   Think the keep Chinese government away is sufficient"
" My mom said that too, in Chinese, but I scared sounds rude "
" : Chinese purchasing demand for #Indonesian #thermalcoal increased markedly as traders tried to snap up cargoes to participate in"
"I think a truely sincere Jacinda should have asked to go meet the Chinese Muslim community &amp; chatted to the ones in "
" "
"Nuanced BBC Chinese story on how the topic of Hong Kong independence became so controversial, violent, suppressed a "
"Chinese tech giant Tencent plans $5 billion dollar bond sale: sources "
" Oh yes! This isn a small problem look at the influx of the Chinese also, parts of Kilimani are slowly becoming China town."
"Chinese hacking groups to ramp up cyber attacks on some industries, experts "
"Overheard (nv): Punta kang Japan, mayaman mga japanese. Punta kang America mayaman mga amerikano. Pero punta kan "
"Eto pa! "
" : Xenophobia is the irrational fear of foreigners. is then a Foreigner in the case of South African Xenophobia social beh"
" high percentage of our customers are Chinese, a high percentage of those customers don buy in China, 100 perce "
" Tulad ng dati,malacanang will offer the defense for the chinese.sobra na pagsasamantala Ng Chinese dahi "
"are you jap or chinese?  i like 98% chinese so what do u think "
" :          "
" "
"Chinese kindergarten teacher detained after allegedly poisoning 23 children - CNN "
" : Chinese rap sensation  shows us his rare car collection and brings us to the studio while he finishes his debut al"
"Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children's porridge "
" !!"
".0 Chinese Army Uniforms in 100-years (2nd issue) officer "
"  Easy with chinese mafia in their backs"
"A Chinese millennial just spent $14.8 million on artwork depicting the Simpsons "
"Me: Hey, lets have Chinese for dinner.  Fuentes: "
"Small vase by Chinese #lehmancollection #chinese "
" I think my mother knows bc she likes to watch kdramas or chinese or thailand"
"Chinese marathon runner disqualified for cheating by riding a bike "
"  Still many jobs to do ahead of Chinese Grand Prix. Soooo proud of Mercedes boys and lo "
" omg hahahahahaha kmk suka tgok nya jak oi yer hahahahaah nothing much. he a chinese looks like ki hong lee but not much la "
" : Facebook advertisements aimed at the Chinese community and linking Federal Labor leader Bill Shorten directly to his now fo"
"Now hearing from  analysing the 2017 play  Forgotten focusing on Chinese labourers in 1917 and the tra "
" Hahaha hindi din naman ako chinese. But here we are (whaaaaat)"
""
"    Please ask your self what you did. always opposed any progres "
"Chinese tech giant Tencent plans $5 billion dollar bond sale: "
"       Good Lord, you get a be "
" Chinese people got this saying  right"
"If you are patient in one moment of anger, you will escape a hundred days of sorrow. Proverb "
" : BREAKING: In Oval Office meeting today, the Chinese committed to buy an additional 10 million metric tons of U.S. soybe"
"   Word je dan die chinese man die met zn stokjes mensen hun telefoon stelen"
"Chinese tech giant Tencent plans $5 billion dollar bond sale: sources #business #globalbiz"
" If you want a serious answer, please do read this long but factual, personal tale of a horrifying "
" When I was at psu they had one in the Hub.  Not sure if still there. But yeah fast food Chinese. "
" : China is about to have the commercial equivalent of a beachhead in the heart of Europe, when Chinese President Xi Jinping and It"
"Chinese Shipping Giant to Explore Blockchain for Upstream Supply Chain "
" Ayaw mo matututo ka talaga ng Chinese by the end of the year"
" F1 Fantasy League  a few people asking,decided to set up a league starting from the Chinese GP (13/14th A "
"No more Chinese Gandhis  #GandhiVsGodse "
" : ICYMI | Just one more day until our next Chinese Night! #Clarets #WheelEmIn "
"No outside food atau dilarang membawa makanan luar. Selama ni ingatkan sbb kedai xnk rugi je semata. Td masa lunch "
"do i have Chinese Look?"
" "
"Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children porridge "
"A lot of the Chinese economy current problems stem from a lack of institutionalized knowledge of financial best p "
" : Argentine Senate mulls law for oversight of Chinese space tracking station "
"  Correction, I used Japanese Yen to convert instead of Chinese Yuan."
"Taiwan to Block Chinese Streaming Ahead of Election - Infosecurity Magazine #cybersecurity #infosec"
"ang daming chinese dito sa las pi + may place na for chinese people only uhm???"
" SCHOOL INTERROGATION #Communist government uses schools authorities to deceive, frighten, threaten, fo "
" "
"Chinese Shallot &amp; Sesame on a Bagel "
"Chinese tech giant Tencent plans $5 billion dollar bond sale: "
" Do you love cheap Chinese knockoffs? you might like my channel, I basically review cheap cra "
" : Pres Spox Salvador Panelo slams report that said Chinese vessels were  islands. Panelo said the were not cir"
"# : Goldman-Backed Chinese online pet store Boqii plans IPO "
" :   Whereas when #China is angered is because #Taiwan has been  or someone has  the fee"
" : Chinese companies' bond defaults are soaring "
" gonna use my 1 semester of chinese: "
"Di pumapasok sa utak ko yung mga chinese words"
" month President Donald Trump said he had asked his Chinese counterpart, Xi Jinping, whether China had a drug "
"  "
"is there a possibility to burn characters into your head because chinese is killing me-...."
".0  Chinese Army Uniforms in 100-years (2nd issue) soldiers "
" : Panda rental ain't cheap but that's the cost of Downer making Chinese friends in high places. "
"      I might not find it worthwhile to stay o "
"Chinese hacking groups to ramp up cyber attacks on some industries, experts say "
"Chinese hacking groups to ramp up cyber attacks on some industries, experts say "
"  You realize this is also done by other nations. I personally am far more worried about "
"Chinese tourist tries taking #selfie, falls into Grand Canyon instead "
"  Yes. Many Vietnamese and Chinese parents tend to encourage their children to pursue highl "
" The West will not allow China to show its Muslims living under normal and free conditions. The US "
"CDCS: Chinese Data Competitions' Solutions. #python  "
" : #sgpoliceappeal 45-year-old Chinese woman missing since 31/03/2019  2230hrs. Last seen at Blk 297B Compassvale St, we"
" Chinese Gandhi vs Common Indian, make your choice.  has no choice, he grew up on balls of Chinese Gandhis."
"So i fasted for 40 hours and I going to eat Chinese tonight and gain 4 lbs so fuck me, but I fast tomorrow and "
" Chinese Man"
" Si prof ba to na chinese? hmmMMMMM"
"30 DAYS TO MY CHINESE EXAM FRICK IM GOIGN TO DIE"
"Goldman-Backed Chinese online pet store Boqii plans IPO "
"  Agreed, doesn't make that sense since mirage would have been just as good as a pick (if not bett "
" : I can wait for phase 2: Rescission of contracts and concessions (such as with Maynilad), followed by replacing them w"
"Chinese hacking groups to ramp up cyber attacks on some industries, experts say #Cybersecurity"
"The Chinese Government Is Dominated by Scientists and Engineers "
"  Some think it is still from a Chinese poem. Either way, Not a big deal. Tis cool  "
"Taiwan to Block Chinese Streaming Sites Ahead of Election "
"Taiwan to Block Chinese Streaming Sites Ahead of Election: Island nation worried about online propaganda from the m "
"Oil at a peak of 5 months after Chinese data and the possibility of a new reduction of "
"7.5410 CNY = 1 EUR 2019-04-01 ECB Reference rate  Chinese "
"Oil at a peak of 5 months after Chinese data and the possibility of a new reduction of "
" :   They found out today&amp; Trump told us, She had a direct link with Chinese Officials. Someone Please"
" Well... don't think they believe that Epic Fail Store Launcher is actually Chinese Spyware which f "
" : I remember once my cousin borrowed my wallet and then when she gave it back to me, she said  did u dating a chinese w"
"#China is one of 's most important markets in the world. #Qualcomm hopes to further strengthen exchanges a "
"  JIMINEL(AOA Black&amp;AOA White) Rapper/01/08://t.co/Er8USbUKHe"
"Europe lifts its Chinese veil | Real Instituto Elcano "
"Chinese hacking groups to ramp up cyber attacks on some industries, experts say #Cybersecurity #Business #tech"
" That's exactly how it is here in BH at Cedars Sinai. You get a menu to pick from for every meal. Or, "
"This eps of Love Death Robots is highly unexpected in terms of inspiration from Chinese folk lore as well as its ev "
"May dugong kastila n chinese pala si mama. "
"CSO | Chinese hacking groups to ramp up cyber attacks on some industries, experts say "
" : Chinese Dissidents Feel Heat of Beijing Wrath. Even in Canada. "
" : Russian backed energy company American Ethane [who signed a Trump-endorsed $26B export deal with China] hired Corey Lewandowski"
"On page 60 of 224 of The Chinese Gold Murders, by Robert van Gulik "
" : [HELP ]  HELP ME FIND MY SON!!! he was last seen on the 24th of march and haven't been found since. he's 19 yrs"
" :  Its known every email HRC got was CC'd to China. Thats how they got the real names of US spies &amp; killed 18"
"tamang nood ng chinese drama"
"The mere fact that they are there and just staying there for a week, why? What are they doing there? a Philippine "
"The mere fact that they are there and just staying there for a week, why? What are they doing there? a Philippine "
"Including Chinese Bonds in a global bond index is a historic event. It mutually beneficial for China and foreign "
"The mere fact that they are there and just staying there for a week, why? What are they doing there? a Philippine "
"  I did mention that. Chinese write his name as Rockman (). Korea, IIRC his name is w "
"About time! Chinese Employers Banned From Asking Female Applicants About Family Status "
"J*smine always asks me to say things in chinese but she doesnt want to say the malay phrases I teach her im hurt "
" Why Chinese Air Force themselves haven't inducted a single JF-17? Rejected third-class design and capabilities."
"There an old Chinese saying that says this:  to understand before seeking to be understood. Devotiona "
"Global trade tensions remain, the Chinese economy has slowed and there has been a loss of momentum in Japan, Europ "
"  Oh my god , please go away and do some research on the East India company and while you "
" New badge for next year. Chinese translated to English. "
"trivia crack just told me chinese is a more common language then english..."
"Rising wages &amp; costs slowly erode China's manufacturing advantage. Productivity levels now stick at 20% of develope "
"Kagunduini Member of County Assembly (MCA) Peter Mburu Wamuthoni who was arrested on Monday for allegedly conning a "
" "
"I wanna buy tgcf book....but... I'm broke....and....idk how to read chinese.....ughdghsgrhsjsk"
" : Meet the man who bet on Chinese debt "
"Goldman-Backed Chinese online pet store Boqii plans IPO "
" : GRAB A BRUSH:   join forces to host a Chinese Brush Painting workshop this evening from 6pm. "
" : #  # #://t.co/ZfMfZJCSsQ #  # "
"Im in dubai mall food court and im seated with chinese tourists at the moment........ and we all actually ordered f "
" Chinese immigrant in the US tells me Trump has some truth about Latin people. I point out I'm from L "
"Chinese hacking groups to ramp up cyber attacks on some industries, experts say "
" Correction.Chinese Gandhi Vs godse"
" Chinese characters render more nicely than Japanese ones, weird that "
" comes amid heightened international scrutiny over the Chinese government overseas activities and as several c "
" : Took my first Ubertuk ever in Colombo! $1.25 for about 2 miles. Driver is using a basic Huawei phone. Lots of Chinese food and c"
" Looks like the Chinese hacked mombot"
" :  See how CCP brainwash kids.'s natural reaction that the Chinese kid can clap and nap at the same time."
" OPEC has become a charade controlled by non OPEC member US a Result the Chinese, Iranians, Iraqis, "
" : Tony Lewis, #HSBCSG Head of Securities Services, on Chinese bonds entering Bloomberg Barclays Global Aggregate Index: "
"Wow Vintage Chinese Oriental Cabinet Cupboard Drawers Sideboard Shabby Chic "
"Comparative transcriptome profile of genes differentially expressed in longissimus dorsi muscles between Japanese b "
"   Hahaaa...I can only laugh at poor Indians. Did u Dare to obstruct Chinese settle "
"The new bridge that brings the closest town and airport 15 minutes nearer. Built by - who else - a Chinese company. "
" "
" Chinese girls Marry firangs..."
" : This conversation about Chinese names reminds me of a white, male ex who gave himself the name  to mean  supe"
" : Whoah: the creepy org filing bogus ethics complaints against me just *actually* got hit with one of the biggest fines in FEC histo"
"Need to Know: Beware a head fake in rosy Chinese data, says UBS chief "
" "
"  Hahahahahahaha - Chinese human shields"
"      "
".5://t.co/eRb3lKs5MM"
"automatic dumpling making machine, chinese jiaozi machine "
"1Q Chinese, longhaul arrivals to Thailand dip amid strong baht and pollution woes "
"#HatsuneMiku #Figure #Anime #vocaloid## # # # # # V4 CHINESE/8 "
" one of your bulbs (the cheaper one) is a Chinese export as the CE marking is not correct."
" I don think the cooking itself is cultural appropriation. People can eat what they want to eat. "
" :  "
" is the Chinese name I wish I come up with. (Flying Chopstick) "
"Of course, there is a long Marxist historiography promoting Robespierre. It's the Confucian aspect to it that's so "
" : These are the names of the 30 firefighters who lost their lives on the job. The youngest one was 18, almost all of them we"
"Question To You Mr Otafire?? - Give us details about the Chinese  - The stolen Tax payers money from t "
"Spectacular footage shows Chinese workers building a huge bridge with towers as tall as "
"Knabe Chinese Chippendale Style Painted Grand Piano. #ShowPianoLove "
"The company has insisted that its name is not racist but different. "
"chingchong represent!  and then an accurate racism HAHAHA i'm a japanese. ching chong is chinese. know your words. "
"damn hongbin is red bean bc hong = red in chinese and bin = bean in english .. and bean = kong in korean.. kongveni "
" "
"AIR TRANSPOATION: Chinese C-17 Diversifies "
" : Taiwan to Block Chinese Streaming Sites Ahead of Election "
" : Xiaomi products are displayed in its flagship store at Connaught Place in New Delhi. The Chinese smartphone maker said"
"Chinese hacking groups to ramp up cyber attacks on some industries, experts say "
" : speaking Chinese is so cute# #taynew #tawan_v #newwiee "
"A tree surgeon who seriously injured two Chinese tourists by driving like a 'boy racer' has been banned from the ro "
"Tomorrow Special Treats! will serve Dimsum A La Carte at Tian Jing Lou, 18th floor. frpm 8 AM  2 PM - "
"China's iQiYi is spending almost as much on content as the top six Chinese broadcast groups combined. At current gr "
" Chinese labor camp incoming"
"Are their any statistics on the growth of Chinese as the primary language of open source projects on the  tr "
"         "
"Hillary Clinton PERSONALLY Arranged For Chinese Vaccine Manufacturers to Avoid US Government Scrutiny... - BolenRep "
"Ginger Beef Express. Best Chinese Restaurants in Calgary!! "
" : Second, railway construction and operation contracts are major business opportunities for (state-owned) Chines"
"Driver: are you Chinese?: *checks skin colour* no."
" : She wasn looking to go public. But her back was to the wall and she did what she had to do. My story about a longtime"
" "
" "
" ()"
"Don't forget that the Aguilars look Chinese, too. HAHAHAH dejk "
"Taiwan to Block Chinese Streaming Sites Ahead of Election "
" : Chinese companies' bond defaults quadrupled last quarter "
"  As a Jamaican, he was offended . As an African , I explained that it was clearly mocking certain "
" : Chinese hacking groups to ramp up cyber attacks on some industries, experts say #CyberSecurity"
"bICTHHH BAT WALA PANG ENG SUB EP 13 I CANT UNDERSTAND CHINESE SSKSKSKSJDJDND"
"Philippines protests Chinese ships around disputed island - CNN "
" : It'll be milk and football at Chinese kindergartens from now on as the country ramps up its ambitions to become a powerhouse"
" :  - #eFounders at #UNCTADeWeek,  said we need them to build a continental constituen"
"BBC News  -  "
"[HELP ]  HELP ME FIND MY SON!!! he was last seen on the 24th of march and haven't been found since. "
" k qi  "
"wow . arab and china to co-operate in space silk road . missing out AUSTRALIA .you have this. those backward "
"Introducing the Costa Venezia, a Floating Luxury Mall for Chinese Travelers | Jing Daily "
"These words actually originated from Chinese and most of them are identical with Chinese words. They are (hanzi i "
"Chinese boxer trounces stereotypes, depression to become  of the Ring  "
"Chinese Dissidents Feel Heat of Beijing Wrath. Even in Canada. "
" HI~Your artworks about BAEK GI are so amazing, I really enjoy them a lot and I hope that I can share them w "
"U.S. legal residents are being held in Chinese detention camps "
" Chinese e ruim pra carai moss"
"24/7 crave sushi or Chinese "
"Climate Change Alarmists Routinely Ignore Chinese Flouting Of Paris Accords | Zero Hedge "
"  To soon to tell? Writing is on the wall. Filipinos go abroad to find jobs yet Chinese "
"Chinese hacking groups to ramp up cyber attacks on some industries, experts say #CyberSecurity"
" : Satellite Photos Show Chinese Anti-Satellite Laser Base via  "
"120 Chinese soldiers to be exact, delivering aid and supplies to Maduro government "
" "
"#US scholar Christine Fair recently said that the multi-billion dollar #CPEC is a geo-strategic asset for #China to "
" : A bird does not sing because it has an answer; but because it has a song - Chinese Prover"
""
"Interesting how the Russians are no longer the enemy and the Chinese are the villains here. done with Colonel "
"Chinese hacking groups to ramp up cyber attacks on some industries, experts say "
"Chinese hacking groups to ramp up cyber attacks on some industries, experts say "
"Intermediate Chinese Conversation:  Best Thing About WeChat is Video: "
"  Haan aisa lagta hai Chinese me likha hai "
"Fancy some delicious Chinese cuisine? would love to welcome you "
"This Morning in Metals: Chinese Steelmaking Cities to Extend Production Cuts "
"Military to monitor West PH Sea after Chinese vessels sighted "
"Is spying on your family the ultimate betrayal? Yusuf Amat is a Uighur, who says he was coerced to inform on his co "
"#Chinese #telecommunications and consumer electronics manufacturer #Huawei is set to launch its flagship P30 series "
"BBC News - Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children's porridge "
"FC Bayern will close the current season with a trip to Beijing on 29 May 2019, 11 days after the final Bundesliga m "
"#NORMA Group has received an order from a leading Chinese carmaker to develop and supply thermal management systems "
" : BOOK: Shiping HUA, Chinese Legal Culture and Constitutional Order (London:  , 2019). ISBN 9780367196387, .00"
" : Prof. Karen Fran introduces dr. h.c. Karin Chemla, #erc advanced grant holder, who studied ancient #Chinese mathemat"
"Usapang China!kesyo ganito ganyan !dami nyong satsat e lakas nyo kumain ng Chinese food at bumili ng Chinese products "
" : For those curious about the history of my restaurant. The NY Times and other magazines have written articles. There's s"
" : "
" : Chinese duck meat producers are upbeat about the industry's export outlook after the EU started to grant more low-tariff qu"
" the local government provides free, education-oriented training sessions for Uyghur Muslims to improve their s "
" :   "
"    Any idea why Consultants are not involved? Chinese #CCTV "
"2010: Munda wakale suvuta kulima: Munda wakale, ma Chinese banamangapo factory yankuku.#Zambia an African joke"
"://t.co/qMjuIoETMh# #://t.co/KcMLfjoIXz"
"GRAB A BRUSH:   join forces to host a Chinese Brush Painting workshop this evening from "
" Opening the doors for Chinese occupation really the best economic option to counter balance EU and USA?"
" chinese learning"
" : China Animal Agriculture Association and  sign cooperation agreement for CAAA to become the first Chinese membe"
"  Trump is antagonizing one of our largest bondholders because people decided they wante "
" : Chinese fanaccount from many yrs ago : they waited for Jun outside the gym.(they said that they almost felt like a sasaeng fa"
" You said about 60 pieces of debris have been tracked so far after India carried out tests. As if Am "
"chinese food boi"
"Creepy kaayo makakita ug daghang Chinese diri sa Mactan Newtown."
"I finally applied to Chinese School. Although it is not personal lesson, It is inexpensive. 40 lessons will held only by 80,000 yen."
" When we asked Chinese for bullet trains they laughed at us - Pakistan minister. What response do you exp "
"Trump's administration is stoking new conflicts across the world as the exceptionalism of the American dream is fal "
"Ms. Zhao grew up in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia and received education in Beijing, Macao, Hong Kong, Australia, USA, and "
" I want that chinese restaurant to serve italian food as well. That logic is flawed isn't it?"
"  Chinese products "
" Imagine walking into a chinese restaurant and bitching that there's no tacos then using disabled people as a "
" They trust Chinese govt more than  wtf ?"
" : Chinese #paintings portray #QingmingFestival "
" Publicity and maybe to divert temporarily issue on existence of chinese militia near pag-asa island."
"     I worked offshore Angola. A couple of the regular Chinese tan "
"About 20 minutes later, I was already in with a group of Taiwanese and Chinese plus a few from Malaysia.  Our guide "
"Philippines protests hundreds of Chinese ships around disputed island - CNN "
"New Gunjyo no Magumeru ( Magmell of the Sea Blue) trailer dynamic new trailer reveals the perilous world of Gunjy "
" "
" : The end of the Chinese miracle | FT Features "
"Chinese hacking groups to ramp up cyber attacks on some industries, experts say "
"Chinese hacking groups to ramp up cyber attacks on some industries, experts say "
"The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The best time is now.  Prover"
"078"
" : With the number of Mandarin learners on the rise, and China becoming increasingly important on the world stage, some say th"
"In the UN, #China is trying to dictate what other states can say, who they can meet and even what events their repr "
" : "
"Surtees Group Celebrates 14 Years of Continued Service from Chinese Locomotives "
"On coming of age (politically) and losing naivety.://t.co/GMgXpzfDKK"
"  He straight up lied about those screenshots. Lied they were faked, that he was the vict "
"Translating English technical terms to Chinese always reminds me how opaque English terminology can be. Today it's "
" : Gender bias in Chinese schools:. Pupils internalize belief that boys are better at math than girls (contrary to exam"
"Have a great chinese new year with the whole family"
" : The Hannover Messe, the world's largest industrial show, opened in Hanover, Germany on March 31 with 5G networks and A"
"Have you ever wondered how travellers on the Silk Roads coped without google translate? Well, they carried around s "
"In Iron Man 3, the Mandarin says True story about fortune cookies. They look Chinese. They sound Chinese. But they "
" : Create your own flag &amp; decorate it with Chinese symbols &amp; text at Creative Kids' Red is for Revolution. A free event for und"
" BUT IT WAS CHINESE NOOODLES"
"   Racial slur?  Gosh, ur little heart is broken by a simple abbrev? u even kno "
" : News for #IWD2019 Our STEM role model posters are now available in 7 other languages! Canadian for"
"I've got BACK compared to all the girls here I'm in the minority bracket for Chinese standard lmao"
"I have a question I have this amazing teacher and I want to write him a letter to thank him since we do somethin "
" : In #Cina non tira una bella aria. Il rallentamento pesa, le esportazioni calano. E questa situazione potrebbe pesare anch"
"Aryobee spoke highly of the operations of Chinese telecom enterprises in Afghanistan.  Mr. Ahmad Wahid Wais, Direct "
"Liu briefed Aryobee on what some Chinese telecom enterprises, such as Huawei and ZTE, have achieved in business ope "
"Chinese teacher held after children's porridge poisoned "
" chinese garter tayO"
" player"
" : Even after having visited China several times,  knows nothing about China wiping out entire race of Uighu"
" : How Chinese credit score system really works and what are the myths and fake news://t.co/NhMv3yAmkn"
"Chinese Snowball Viburnum J. Ciener Botanical Garden "
"B19- Ang galing sumayaw, Chinese garter HAHA. Sana magtryout ka na next year!! Ang saya niya kasama HAHAHA."
" The FACT are that Canadians have the lowest emission /KM2.  They produce less than their land can ab "
"   40% owned by chinese company thats partially owned by chinese gov"
" : Uh, this kinda seems like a big deal:   Chinese engineer, Guangzhi Cao, copied more than 300,000 files related to Autop"
"Creamy Blue Cheese Chinese Five-Spice  Pork Chop "
" : We pray for Tibetans who are still enduring atrocities under the brutal Chinese oppression, for their sufferings. May the trut"
" Thank you but my stroke order is completely wrong  helps me memorise the Chinese characters when I write it down "
"Chinese boxer trounces stereotypes, depression to become  of the Ring  "
"The driving forces behind opium trade Chinese demand is driving down opium prices and production in Myanma "
" : Kaptaan chahta tu UK aram se zindgi guzaar skta tha. Magr wo yahan humri zindgi haraam kr raha hai  "
"  9 ://t.co/oXUKfsiKKF"
"Beijing may assist in case of Chinese-American scholar in Iranian prison "
"Chinese Version of Love Jihad "
" : When you are watching Chinese kungfu movie (or smth like that) and your mum tell you to have some food #NCT #WayV #RainbowV"
"  I'm used to hearing Hello as a greeting and Bye bye as a farewell. (Actually it's m "
"Philippines Alarmed by Roughly 200 Chinese Ships Near Disputed Island "
" : Fan: can you read traditional Chinese characters?: do you think I haven been in school before? (Lit means: you"
"chinese ppl stop being so epal and stop dominating my country tnx and to our president stop acting like their aso tnx"
"Chickity China the Chinese chicken"
"Upcoming girl group I LUV (2/3): Lead vocal. Chinese: Maknae and rap. Former member of S2U "
" Your brother has scammed you cos 10 dollar alone is #3650 even without the Chinese Yen...so the ma "
"   Chinese citizens have the freedom to believe in religion. Combating terrorism is someth "
" : In the latest from our  partnership, seven authors discuss the fallout from Chinese professor Xu Zhangrun's su"
"There are 615 blockchain companies or subsidiaries already in China according to Beijing think-tank EO Intelligenc "
" As a Chinese compatriot I want to remind you:do not deliberately provoke; do not instigate trouble; &amp;do n "
" Some parallels with the #Chinese, but both have their priorities. The Chinese want tech to win from the "
"   "
"I thought Chinese people eat everything. Apparently they cut the line there by cochroach milk. You learn something "
" Hindus are great for many reasons: 1) they cook rice the right way. The Chinese never figured this out, not in 5,000 years."
" : ON  Andrew Bridgen says that a customs union would mean that the EU wouldn't protect UK from cheap Chinese s"
""
"Have you ever been in a talent show?  yes. produce 48 and some chinese dancing competitions when i was young! "
"I decided to draw some ocs and give them Chinese names explaining who they are!! #myart #myartstyle "
"SAN FRANCISCO + HONG KONG = HUMAN SHIT ON OUR STREETS.            CHINESE are Filthy people, they push for SHIT ON "
" : *chinese woman said something*: ya apadia?: Kamu chinese ka melayu?: oh. . . Melayu2"
" : Sources in Chinese Government say Chinese were waiting on the #MuellerReport to see if it would damage President Trump."
" Hyperloop  Supersonic Train   ( ~620 mile pe "
"BOOK: Shiping HUA, Chinese Legal Culture and Constitutional Order (London:  , 2019). ISBN 978036719638 "
". - Pls  - People from Black Caribbean, Black-African, Chinese South Asian backgrounds are m "
" Generally speaking, they r the one who makes the turning point, particularly for women doubles disciplin "
"Do Vietnamese Have More Fun Than Chinese? "
" : Stir-fried Chinese greens #seasonal #recipe "
"When...- Australia is in per capita recession- The property market is in free-fall- The Chinese economy is slug "
" can you remember which Lancaster pub we watched football in that time when the Chinese bloke joined us? I "
"Chinese #sulphuric acid producers are facing inspections by #Beijing's emergency ministry in the wake of deadly "
"The drug industry, with Hillary Clinton, and the rest of the Clinton Foundation -To-Play network have arranged "
" : #Japan which funded the construction is reportedly extremely angry with Chinese sub-contractors, CICO who laid the asphal"
" This art is phenomenal! favourite moment this stage other than SHD getting your first win has "
"      firstly, most new ren "
"thanks beb VCS 45 menit untuk include #SURABAYA , Open 1 slot lg beb. Special #promo#AlterPromotion #Chinese "
"hala bat parang naging chinese school na yung previous school ko? hahaha that garden tho "
"     It is Korean and not Chinese."
" : 190331   in  # Chinese Shadowing  # #Lovelyz #Mijoo "
"  they watch too many movies lol  but one instance  James Bond had Chinese spies in a closet "
" : 2/n Freebies that came along with #CPEC . People in #Pakistan can be seen fighting with the Chinese everyday over low g"
"4 more days of written exams then I off... pls I don wanna retake chinese  tysm"
"I remember once my cousin borrowed my wallet and then when she gave it back to me, she said  did u dating a chi "
"In the 9th century, Chinese alchemists in search of the elixir of life created a mixture of saltpeter, sulfur, and "
" :  hii leigh you're so pretty, talino mo rin tas ang galing mo pang sumayaw, nakikita ko rin sayo na madiskarte k"
"  "
" I use mine twice a week. you're wanting to do something Chinese inspired,  marinade it in rice "
"Happy that even japanese government is nationalist government. New Era has been derived from japanese literature ra "
" : These brexit demonstrators have missed a trick- loads of banners but not one that says, chungs the Chinese is just arou"
"  "
"PUBG Mobile TIMI Chinese Version | Gameplay | Graphics://t.co/XQ5bg42ytf   "
" hahah.nageenjoy din ako sa mga chinese drama ngaun.#MayWardforFHxZilingo"
" : Last year, U.S. counterintelligence officials warned Jared Kushner that Wendi Deng Murdoch could be using her close relationship"
" #GST oo your #carbontax shows this is nothing but a liberal tax grab.Want climate change slowed?Talk "
"Im obsessed with chinese historical dramas, Y I really be out here watching these shows till 4am getting emotio "
" : Swiss watchmaker Swatch launched a collaborative collection with Chinese singer and actor Wang Junkai to boost sales among"
"We are not Chinese and Had Indira Gandhi not shown egotistical conflict with Ronald Regan then Xio xiamin would not "
"Are we still onto the connecting the dots business. Daddy became President Jan 2018. Chinese Co grants loan to Esko "
"There's news of China leading the way in #AI, blockchain patents, and now, blockchain projects - according to Chine "
"The Chinese gov is pulling back from fiscal stimulus to get debt under control. Sooo China looking worse is not goo "
"     "
"Mature - Antique Chinese Erotic Painting hand-painted on silk fabric of courtesan couple. XIX century "
" The drug industry, with Hillary Clinton, and the rest of the Clinton Foundation -To-Play networ "
"Chinese tech giant Tencent plans $5 billion dollar bond sale: sources  The Western "
" : Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children's porridge "
" I prefer tools that spit out pinyin for large datasets, personally, since Google translate often gets "
"*French version below* year, we offer 2000 jobs for native or bilingual speakers: do you speak English, Germ "
"my car was too stuffy so i got out to stand on the pavement whilst waiting for my friend to get out of the house an "
"Lunch Specials:- Thai Massaman chicken curry - Chinese BBQ pork- Veg. Black Bean sauce with Rice or Noo "
"The World Tonight: The Department of National Defense assures the public that it would continue to monitor the West "
"Our thoughts and deepest sympathies are with the families, friends and colleagues of the 30 Chinese firefighters ki "
"Eastern Ports used to be very busy until 2006 when Obasanjo cancelled their incentives. PMB spent  $30M in Onne Por "
"Military to monitor West PH Sea after Chinese vessels sighted | "
"#ChinaMarketing Are you interested in getting to know about latest trend in Chinese social media? Do you want to kn "
" : A Chinese private space company failed to launch a #satellite into earth orbit due to mechanical dysfunction at Jiuquan satell"
"   "
"  WHAT??? CHINESE ARMY??"
" Chinese man"
"  "
" : EU is raising concerns about lack of access to markets in China, saying  can stay like this, that Chinese companies h"
" : The main sacrifice center was in Palmyra aka Amurru; the source name of America. The Arch of Isis at the Temple of Baal"
"This is Chinese product that is purchased by Pakistan . So we know where Pakistan stands today  "
" : # 24/3/2019 # ://t.co/gT3rPsReZH# 103: 8,11 #Psalm 103:"
"Hey miss ka na namen"
"Falling Chinese demand is driving down opium prices and production in Myanmar, but the UN drug agency continues t "
"Mtn on a regular english,korean,japanese et chinese version "
" "
"Our thoughts and deepest sympathies are with the families, friends and colleagues of the 30 Chinese firefighters ki "
" : We take a look at green shoots, the Chinese stimulus, review some tidbits of data and provide an update on Brexit in this w"
"Philippines protests hundreds of Chinese ships around disputed island "
"   Oh please find something new to bring India down. That's centuries old. We've see "
" It's like 7 flatmates voting about dinner. 3 vote to stay in and eat, 4 vote to go out. But only 2 of "
"Dalagang may lahing chinese, yeah!  "
"Satellite Photos Show Chinese Anti-Satellite Laser Base "
" That crook Swazuri started this ukora of reclaiming land from Narok to Kajiado. I agree that oil pro "
"does anyone here know good chinese dramas except meteor garden??"
"Where have the Chinese public intellectuals gone? "
" Panda Express is a chain Chinese food place I ate for lunch"
"  "
" : After a long and tiring day at school, students and staff headed back to the hotel to prepare for dinner at a very "
"Liked on YouTube:  PUBG Mobile TIMI[Chinese] | Gameplay | Graphics "
" "
" :    Why should US pull up the only other country apart from it, which has the capability, and may ha"
" Chinese noodles"
" hii leigh you're so pretty, talino mo rin tas ang galing mo pang sumayaw, nakikita ko rin sayo na ma "
"State Dept. believes US legal residents are being held in Chinese detention camps "
" hamro class ma aako saab chinese teacher kina royera janthyo yaar?"
"My name in chinese. "
"Strange way to discipline children... - Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children's porridge "
"The Chinese sell massive swastika flags and uniforms and U go after the Lego  "
"John Bolton Denounces  of Chinese Jets in Taiwan Airspace "
" :  is how Chinese Bible school students reacted when they received Bibles.  ://t.co/HcgogIDqqf"
"Chinese police investigating early April Fools Day social media financial rumour "
"Cancer pain management needs and perspectives of patients from Chinese backgrounds: a systematic review of the Chin "
"Sony  WH-XB700 "
" Switch Online  "
"/f , q ji ./"
"Tonight Federal Budget is FAKE NEWS!! assumes rising wages growth (this trick has been used for at least 8 ye "
"V can speak Japanese, Jin can speak Chinese and Rap Monster can speak English. #BTSFACT"
" i've only seen photos of them being the most babies  are they chinese?"
"    Nah&gt;cant&lt;OFF to my second job through labour hire parasites stea "
"  "
"#journorequest: Searching for experts in ancient Chinese fashion (3000 BC onwards). #China #fashion"
" :           "
"Michaels life escalates, and after accidentally upsetting a spanish gangster, gets ..... The China Enterprises Inde "
" : This week most 2019 headlines:- Toast is Now a Paint Color-There No Afro Emoji. These Women Want to Chan"
"Try one of thr best Chinese Restaurants in town  pearlchineserestaurant.. Star - New Menu ( Daniel Foong, the "
" Learn how Huawei is connecting Canada to our Chinese spy network!"
"Labor day in #China will be extended to a 4 day #holiday this year. Companies in China will be shut from the 1st of "
"I need someone to translate this for me...... Chinese ni ooo    "
" I want to go there. Is it like a Chinese menu?"
" Btw, it been proven to be false. You only have to listen to the excellent   Victorian Secr "
"Get in-depth Chinese Culture by courses, field trips and workshops the soon most spoken language t "
" Ik vermoed dat de impact van de Chinese luchtvaart nog veel meer toe neemt. Zoals ook de Indiase, Amerikaanse, "
" : Just how utterly bizarre has Chinese Football has become? We no longer have to make up April Fool's stories at WEF, we can"
" : One important point: The US military shouldn't overestimate its deterrence on Chinese mainland. I believe in Taiwan Straits"
"19 which historical figure would I want to meet?.... I don't know... In a way like cleopatra or the chinese f "
"Been watching some xianxia donghua lately and found a couple enjoyable ones: #TongLingFei (Psychic Princess) and "
"US-China trade war inactivity could lead to the  recession in recent Chinese history, says scholar.  "
"  Japanese:  I'm a Scientist:   I'm an Artist:   I'm an Architect:   I "
" : Cancer pain management needs and perspectives of patients from Chinese backgrounds: a systematic review of the Chinese"
"Komodo dragon eating a turtle at Chinese Garden  "
"We are talking with Chinese hackers who can Hack EVM's, so we will Hack EVM's and help congress to reach to form a "
" has a voice in this issue. It should try to reach a resolution by raising this and making sure the Chines "
" Africans are Africans Europeans europeans Chinese Chinese indians indians only America doesn't belong to anyone"
"Human leucocyte antigen but not KIR alleles and haplotypes associated with chronic HCV infection in a Chinese Han p "
"        "
"#China NBS Manufacturing PMI 1M Change Chinese New Year is in February the NBS mfg PMI generally jumps in Mar "
"Many words and phrases are culturally loaded. What a Chinese person might take as meaning one thing, means somethin "
"Climate Change Alarmists Routinely Ignore Chinese Flouting Of Paris Accords | Zero Hedge "
"New article: A novel mutation in the SLCO2A1 gene in a Chinese family with pachydermoperiostosis. "
"Human leucocyte antigen but not KIR alleles and haplotypes associated with chronic HCV infection in a Chinese Han p "
"U.S. and Chinese manufacturing sectors showed signs of stabilizing in March "
"United States Oil (#USO) rose supported by firm Chinese economic data that eased demand "
"Dankzij hun Chinese toeleveranciers werken Nederlandse bedrijven ongewild mee aan dwangarbeid door Noord-Koreanen "
"Chinese economic facts "
" : Dianne Feinstein isn't the only Democrat w/ Chinese business connections. "
"Welcome to "
" : I'm not a sneakerhead by any means, but these Chinese exclusive #AlitaBattleAngel shoes have this Blade Runner #vaporwave aesthet"
"Classic Chinese #cuisine is what you will find at Pato Pek, which has a wide variety of delicacies from this coun "
""
"Weekly Briefing #Publication !: External #Relations  2019#Albania &gt; "
"35.  Chinese numeral"
"Royal N Wan KTV in HK Sun Plaza refused us entry unless we knew how to speak in Chinese  "
"       Why is Rand,  Pula stron "
" Power over the world  Black work for  by our resident    for inquir "
" Those wailo forgot how they fed the CHINESE with Opium until they can't work."
"Chinese boxer trounces stereotypes, depression to become  of the Ring  "
"#Chinese #freshfood #ecommerce platform #MissFresh launched #coffee delivery services to take over #luckincoffee. "
" : AMTI imagery tracks recent Philippine construction at Thitu Island in the South China Sea--and the fleet of Chinese navy, coas"
"Na de kennismaking cursus T'ai Chi (afgelopen 5 weken) in het Voel Je Goed centrum, is sinds gister avond de introd "
"You know it exam season when the library smells like Chinese people"
"INVESTIGATION: Unlicensed Chinese company overruns forests for wood charcoal in Enugu State"
"Chinese Dissidents Feel Heat of Beijing Wrath. Even in Canada. "
"VIDEO: Shocking footage of 'boy racer', 33, ploughing into Chinese tourists in #StAndrews #Fife "
"What does it take to be one of the Top 10 Chinese brands internationally? Find out "
"After a long and tiring day at school, students and staff headed back to the hotel to prepare for dinner at a very "
" : 'Demanda chinesa por carne bovina brasileira aumenta risco de desmatamento do Brasil olha lucrativo mercado chin"
"Cancer pain management needs and perspectives of patients from Chinese backgrounds: a systematic review of the Chin "
" "
"  "
" : . You need to start following the money trail concerning who is funding the radical environmental groups"
"In the latest from our  partnership, seven authors discuss the fallout from Chinese professor Xu Zhangrun "
" Malema means what he means, South Africans have a hate against their own (black Africans). It was a c "
"Panda rental ain't cheap but that's the cost of Downer making Chinese friends in high places. "
" The goodness or badness of civil works is neither failure nor competence of constructors, but of design "
"Community bounty, win 70 DT1 tokens!  Open the forms : "
""
"  "
"Chinese police investigating early April Fools Day social media financial rumour://t.co/EDbNDoCQ2t "
" : #SpaceWatchGL Column: Chinese Broadcasters Overseas: A Bigger Opportunity than meets the Eye "
"Geographic distance and soil microbial biomass carbon drive biogeographical distribution of fungal communities in C "
"Match the Pinyin!) Qi w t.) Du gu m de zh) B m de zh) )  "
"Sony  WH-XB700 "
"what don't you want to find in your chinese food? judge judy"
"MrNewLeo I'm Chinese"
"Chinese proverb You will never be punished for making people die of laughter. #proverb "
"'Tomorrow comes' as Chinese bonds make global index "
"ICYMI | Just one more day until our next Chinese Night! #Clarets #WheelEmIn "
"Chinese Herb Scutellaria Skull Cap Herb Scutellaria barbata Ban Zhi "
" : Cheers to an all new plant based menu at China House! tuned to see our chefs in action for this delicious and nut"
" chinese technology vocational training centrere reduces extremism by teaching law and help the musilm uyghurs learn mandarin."
"This could be the biggest lie of 2019.  The truth is, # #Manyoshu was written in 730, # Gu Ti was writte "
" : Day off from recording today, gonna go get some Chinese food in a lil bit.... life is good hahah "
" Chinese is first"
" Ginagawang distraction kasi yung matanda sa mga issue ng bansa. Jusko. Inaagawan na tayo ng mga chinese "
"        "
" : 190401  weibo updates Yixing to understand Chinese snuff bottle#Yixing # # # #  #"
" : Anyone else make up food names to get their kids interested?  meat = meat pancakes mein = Chinese spaghetti"
"MT has forecast an improvement to Chinese data as a result of expansionary lending in Q4, which will take the press "
" "
"  But in Canada, we have large amounts of Indians and Chinese and Eastern Europeans and Na "
"  I'll try! It's certainly an interesting concept, and the question of suspected Chinese "
" : Kindly check out this publication by . ://t.co/ej1Yz5Qehp"
" : Today's pod:  talks to Marc Spiegler  about ABHK, the Chinese market and helping smaller galleries. Ral"
" First couple both Chinese,  second couple sorang Chinese and girl from indo."
"Prof. Karen Fran introduces dr. h.c. Karin Chemla, #erc advanced grant holder, who studied ancient #Chinese mat "
" Think CPEC is launched just to satiate the demand of brides for young Chinese males as otherwise t "
" Chinese political leaders are extremely ambitious and competitive. They want China to dominate the world at "
" : #China #tech faces an #innovation reality check as the economy cools and #startups stumble  "
"Chinese tech giant Tencent plans $5 billion dollar bond sale: sources "
" : Emerging markets face a new debt crisis; Chinese lending is not the only cause "
" : Instagram()() "
"  Panelo just admitted that Chinese vessels are surrounding the island. The denial is in "
"READ | In a swipe at the presence of Chinese vessels in the West Philippine Sea, the Department of National Defense "
" best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now. Chinese Proverb call the "
" :  violet cress  ("
"Our Company of the Month, March 2019 in association with , is  for their ongoing business su "
"ok so like I'm rly excited bc I have been struggling thinking about what I wanna do for my course project for pytho "
" : #newyoutubevideo #chineserestaur"
" : Two Americans crowdfunded a Dungeons and Dragons-style game and chose a Chinese manufacturer to print it. It went downhi"
"I  have  a  dream  that  bad movies will be  cluttered by  their  Chinese Food not their carbon footprint"
"SAN FRANSTEPINSHITCISO, CALIF.          20 CHINESE RESTAURANTS PER BLOCK,.  Their FILTHY PEOPLE,  RATS everywhere. "
"  Speak Chinese or be unemployed, future of Victoria."
""
"Road to Chinese Hogwarts School ://t.co/a1pESGeEA1"
"So there is a specific page on US Cert for Chinese Malicious Cyber Activity "
"I just realized I ordered Chinese food last night and didn even eat it"
" : We have something very big to announce... Little Mandarin Classes is now available in Cambridge! Big welcome to our la"
" people had this expectation sir! Mr.Lee Juan Yew did not hate Tamils, Malays or Chinese! He took all "
"Taiwan will forcefully expel PLA warplanes next time: Tsai Ing-wen "
"kisi ko bhi sab ki jarurat ho to Chef free Baitha Hua Hai Pakistani Chinese Italian chef"
"  Fortunately, it's a joke. I am actually a Chinese- Japanese, I like both states, so I really hat "
"   China have none above all because CCP ,Chinese people is suffer also,TaiWan "
"Tbc: Chinese ka ba?: hindi po pinoy na pinoy po ako. chinese na din ako sa paningin nya "
"LOOK: New Chinese restaurant in Las Pi City that caters mostly to Chinese construction workers of a development "
"chinese ka ba  bakit "
" Obat batuk ibu dan anak yg chinese gitu nes. Ampuh bgt tapi pasti ngantuk banget"
"*French version below* year, we offer 2000 jobs for native or bilingual speakers: do you speak English, Germ "
"  Can we also rely on the Aquino/Cojuanco side to reciew those loans when they them sel "
"The first bilingual and interdisciplinary academic journal on Hong Kong,  (Chinese University Press "
"  The Arabs and Chinese don't give 2 fvcks about Fitch Ratings."
"As investors await a conclusion to Sino trade negotiations against the backdrop of a slowing Chinese economy, many "
" Wenn es schmeckt und nichts macht mehr Miau gibt es Grillh. Sicher. Chinese deines Vertrauens wird es best."
"However, the Belgian-based messaging network is facing stiff competition from blockchain startup, Ripple Inc, and n "
"Chinese tech giant Tencent plans $5 billion dollar bond sale: sources "
"Sir, as the Chinese wisely say, hide your strengths to give the enemy unpleasant surprises in the event of actual c "
"Btw, tarkajuet kajuet gw... KL berasa singapur yaaa... Chinese &amp; India... Mereka juga bebas ngomong bahasa "
"chinese food? chinese food."
"8 Essentials to Working with Chinese Luxury Tourists | Jing Daily "
" ()"
"Opinion | Keep the Chinese government away from 5G technology "
"Chinese university hosts 'grenade-throwing' contest://t.co/oHPrsXneUw"
"#learnchinese could you speak more slowly?  in Chinese "
"I'm so proud of Kai-kun's Chinese://t.co/ggMSCfDQzW"
" Skip Her and go directly to a Chinese Spy instead"
"   Manchurians are historically what are now called Chinese, although Manchur "
" a lot of the chinese immigrants here are extremely wealthy like i see then walking around in full bal "
"  IM STILL ASKING FOR THE 2ND SONG THE CHINESE ONE HALP"
"Over the past two weeks, Hongzhou Learning led four Chinese Universities to Morocco to visit multiple high schools "
" : I need me some Chinese so bad rn. "
"LOOK: New Chinese restaurant in Las Pi City that caters mostly to Chinese construction workers of a development "
" : wendy bringing the girls her 555th baked good "
" opens 12th Chinese link with #Chengdu #China flight #aviation #aircargo #airfreight "
" : I love Chinese way of solving energy issues. At the same time in the Western part of ze world nuclear is evil, apocalypse,"
"Interesting paper: From  for Education to  for Innovation: The 22nd Global Chinese Conferenc "
"Chinese plan to invade Taiwan soon now that America is focused on  Venezuela... Hope  sends help to T "
"trying to use chinese as my phone language and..... "
"Chinese boxer trounces stereotypes, depression to become  of the Ring  "
"#Chinese Combo only at Rs 199/- #Special combo offer is here! Make your own combo only at Junglee Machaan. Dhan "
"Chinese tech giant Tencent plans $5 billion dollar bond sale: sources "
" : #Vintage #cloisonne dish 04*Reasonable #Offers considered*Free UK Shipping*#IOW InspectAndCollect://t.co/ic"
"Hahaha intawon an kapitana san Brgy. Amoroy Nag kanam ba san chinese garter..."
" "
"You allowed a stranger touch you after dropping Chinese notes ?..you are not serious "
" :   Tata Motors is going up as yesterday Chinese PMI data came above expectations which indi"
"Kindly check out this publication by . ://t.co/ej1Yz5Qehp"
"Spent 20 years of my life thinking I wasn allergic to anything and yesterday I woke up with a face of a fat Chine "
"winwin literally only glows... the chinese smog doing wonders"
" "
" : LOOK: There a new Chinese restaurant in Las Pi City that caters mostly to Chinese construction workers of a develo"
" Switch Online  "
" : Chinese researchers make breakthrough in discovering the phenotypes and genes responsible for female infertility "
" : Got my nails done for the Chinese GP! I so exciteddd  "
" : Lawsuit Seeks Documents Potentially Showing FBI Ignored Intelligence Community IG Evidence That Chinese Hacked Clinton"
"Chinese regulator said it has approved 30 imported online #games, including #Tencent  of Thrones: Winter is "
"Pre-order (30-05-20) Miku V4 Chinese 1/8: 128 / Envio: 6: 25cm://t.co/ZIX3f7Zj8M "
" : ... | - )"
"Taiwan threatens to  expel Chinese fighters that get too close after rare incident this weekend "
"      - Beautiful Chinese Music, Guzheng vs Bamb... "
" : UN diplomats and activists describe Chinese pressure and  over Uygur event at UN rights council -  ://t"
" FIST OF FURY Chinese Connection best martial arts movie of all time. The best movie Bruce Le "
" Reason I say that is , most of Chinese tech is either a rip off Russian or american tech and most rec "
"Meet the man who bet on Chinese debt "
" :  "
"India activates strategic ITBP command from J-K to counter Chinese build up "
"trying to remember this old run down arcade near flinders st maybe running off it? It had this really cheap Chinese "
" : Russian and Kazakhstan #rapeseed may partly become an alternative to Canadian rapeseed on the Chinese market. Two count"
" "
"Chinese idiom story y sh  ni stone two birds "
"Campus tour of the extraordinarily beautiful Chinese University of Hong Kong. Day full of incredible meetings - cre "
"I can't use Korean because there is no Korean keyboard Chinese"
"3) Ironically, the data is a good illustration of why many foreign companies are frustrated with China biz enviro "
"The Chinese League is about to complete the transfer for Willian (GdS) for 55 million"
"  "
"       I live in Hong "
" Blijf zeggen dat het afdwingen van een (economisch) gelijk speelveld van de EU liefst samen met de VS bi "
"Teaching Chinese language in the UK? Join us and Macmillan Education on 11 May at  to gain new insig "
"Queuing is not part of Chinese culture! #chinaready "
"Those that were evacuated were all welfare rolled families!No skill,no education,no money that what was sent to A "
"Aku tk minat kpop,tpi ak minat movie korea,genre perang pun gempak, recommend this The Great Battle to you all "
" diplomatic protest wala effect yan! i urge the government to dip their fingers on 3,6,9,0 enigma ba "
"Recession fears ease. U.S. and Chinese manufacturing sectors showed signs of stabilizing in March "
" I'm Chinese and my grandma said that I'm becoming white because I preferred bread over rice"
"   Have you investigated the Chinese origins of the gps markers on these drones? 'E- "
""
" : New Avengers: Endgame Chinese poster features the Fallen. "
"Russian Chinese Arabic Hindi Vietnamese, ,         .= "
"  Tata Motors is going up as yesterday Chinese PMI data came above expectations whic "
"  "
"We are open 7 days a week which means 7 days of delicious, authentic Chinese food! Visit our website "
"New post about the recent VAT reduction in Chinese manufacturing industry. "
" "
" : The stakes dramatically ramped up in the Pacific -- Taiwan will forcefully expel PLA warplanes next time: Tsai Ing-wen http"
"I spoke on a panel about Huawei a few weeks ago, and I wrote an article about it. don't know if HW is or isn't g "
"You know China really taking over the country when you see a lot of mainland chinese in government offices - not "
" : #Sunnee cover.  Chinese and English subtitles. : "
"...   23    "
"African &amp; Chinese Wedding(Most Beautiful Interracial Wedding) "
"You the hottest and sexiest I seen today you Chinese, tall, eleganty clean attire with heels, incredible ass lady."
"[ABS-CBN] Panelo: China to probe presence of Chinese vessels in Pag-asa Island | "
"Chinese firefighters contain forest fire after 30 dead: Firefighters in southwest China contained a forest blaze on "
"  In the first place there are no white Americans, African Americans, Chinese Americans, Musli "
"[ABS-CBN] Panelo: China to probe presence of Chinese vessels in Pag-asa Island | "
"Chinese boxer trounces stereotypes, depression to become  of the Ring  SABC "
" Chinese Restaurant  "
"://www.shanazrafiq.com/2017/11/gobi-manchurian-dry-indo-chinese-cauliflower-stir-fry.html "
"[ABS-CBN] Panelo: China to probe presence of Chinese vessels in Pag-asa Island | "
" : Chinese firefighters contain forest fire after 30 dead "
"LOOK: There a new Chinese restaurant in Las Pi City that caters mostly to Chinese construction workers of a de "
""
" : Chinese boxer trounces stereotypes, depression to become 'Queen of the Ring' "
" : Metal Straws- Say NO to PLASTIC. GET Your ECO-FRIENDLY Stainless Steel Dringking Straws from Chinese Manufacturer Directly"
"Game 4 about to commence in Bra and it stands between Turkey and Chinese Taipei who both won their opening games "
"The crosstalk Eyes Everywhere Christians under round-the-clock surveillance by Chinese  governme "
". is fast becoming a global app. But it has stumbled several times when dealing with non-China privacy la "
"Chinese video platform Bilibili launches $621m offering a year after IPO  "
"Military to monitor West PH Sea after Chinese vessels sighted "
"Xi Jinping dream of Chinese World Cup begins with thousands of footballing toddlers "
"         "
"Chinese president meets The Elders "
"If you want to connect with people, you start with their needs, not your own. Start with their hurts, not your own. "
"Chinese demand for dairy continues to rise "
" "
"Chinese Treatment of Uyghurs Satisfies Muslims but Upset "
" : Check out my latest article: English for Academic Purposes (EAP) in Transnational Education (TNE) in Chinese universiti"
" Its not like he had a Chinese spy driving him around for years."
" : Our goal: help consumers buy the right #wirelesscharging product for their needs. The WPC is partnering with  &amp; C"
"       "
"AIT is pleased to announce that Dr. Roger Levermore of the Chinese  University of Hong Kong (CUHK) will assume the "
"As I bopped from one version to the next, it struck me that in all these decades I don't remember ever reading abou "
"Chinese tech giant Tencent plans $5 billion dollar bond sale: sources "
" Chinese loudo ke Liye Ajhar masood, Laskare taiba  ban jate hai  unky gaadh Me dum nahi rahti"
"Stagiaire FO / F&amp;B: Delft, 674, Shanghai Hotel Holland Shanghai Hotel Holland is een viersterren hotel waarbij trad "
"The most interesting point of Reiwa is that  originates with a Chinese poetry written several hundred years befor "
"Someone explain to me how I can simultaneously be a person who is constantly complaining about being tired and also "
"As for dance, she learnt Chinese dance since she was young and more specifically, she learnt the Daizu dance as well."
"As reforms in the healthcare sector deepen, Chinese doctors will eventually be able to work independently, said Mar "
" : An action game set in the Ancient China, bringing players addictive experiences with its unique Chinese traditional art-"
" Now we must make noise with Chinese speaker"
"Organised by BCBF, CCBF and China Publishers Magazine, we were excited to launch a breath-taking event at yesterday "
"KUNGFU YOGA OFFICIAL CHINESE NEW YEAR VERSION   LINE CINEMA   COPYRIGHT  JACKIE CHAN FILM   COPYR "
" :   "
" Too big of a climb down for Apple to compete in Indian market even with their own factory in India: "
" : My chinese mother be like  ALL THE WESTERN DOCTORS THEY DON KNOW SHIT!!! NOW DRINK THIS BIRD NEST SOUP! IT HEAL Y"
" Your really trying to suggest that a petition, signed by North Koreans, Russians, Chinese and individuals i "
"Gustooooo ko ng authentic chinese dumplings"
" : What will the future of fashion look like? Will it be Chinese? As homegrown fashions shine on the catwalk ,"
"   Why should US pull up the only other country apart from it, which has the capability, a "
"Ethics questions raised after Jared Kushner's sister courts Chinese inve... "
" : Here we Go : think the woman who invented the phrase  Men Are The Same is /was a chinese woman who lost her hus"
"  He loves Chinese....."
"They had suspected a neighbouring glass factory was to blame - but they've been told to clean their well regularly. "
"Chinese tech giant Tencent plans US$5 billion dollar bond sale: Sources "
" of no faith to your country was DOF Secretary Carlos G. Dominguez III retort to critics fearing government "
"   Yet not one shred of evidence linking the Kremlin to election interference. "
"Facebook even shared user data with Chinese companies. "
"Chinese tech giant Tencent plans $5 billion dollar bond sale: sources "
"chinese*"
"Philippines protests hundreds of Chinese ships around disputed island "
"never thought i ever say this but... i actually miss writing chinese LOL"
"Chinese boxer trounces stereotypes, depression to become 'Queen of the Ring' "
" : LOOK AT TAEGI READING IN CHINESE. MY HEA, PLS. "
" : Activision Blizzard Ireland are hiring a Tradition Chinese Language Specialist to work out of their #Dublin office."
" : On April 1st, 2017, mocked images of the iQue Switch official website were published. Some were upset over this Apri"
"If you can read Chinese, can you also read Japanese?"
"Can the Chinese buy RATSA please!!!!!"
" That nigga deserved more than a  kick  is not a Chinese ring it cost him a lot"
"   If Pakistan stops perpetrating crimes against humanity, we should help the "
" "
"Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children's porridge "
" : DIA Officer Spied for Chinese as Part of  "
"Satellite Photos Show Chinese Anti-Satellite Laser Base "
"'s Tao Zhang argues that Chinese influence poses a threat to the principles and values of academic freedom "
"My classmates be like: if i have to eat sushi i go to restaurants where  row fish is really fresh, i wouldn't go t "
" :  "
" : #  #   # "
" : I'm having a Chinese meal "
"  My 2018 F150 does the same thing. I live in Texas. This is really stupid and will malf "
" : Summary Steen Jakobsen   views: likes Chinese stocks, IT and Healthcare sectors. Dislikes Europe"
"Aggregate net profit at three major Chinese airlines fell 34% in 2018, the first drop in five years, as higher fuel "
"120 Chinese soldiers went to Venezuela to take a step further than Russia. This military force came to distribute h "
"Great to welcome local businesses across Edinburgh to our Chinese Cultural Training Session this morning delivered "
"i need to apply to university soon but i dont know what I want to study except for chinese language,,, but i need a back up plan"
" :  The Homefront series was that- but they had to change it to Norks, otherwise it wouldn't be allowed to be sold in Chi"
"Aggregate net profit at three major Chinese airlines fell 34% in 2018, the first drop in five years, as higher fuel "
"Shocking DNA Test Reveals Twin Chinese Brothers are from 2 Different Fathers #SmartNews  "
"Vintage Chinese Wood Dinnerware Set Tea Set Traditional Hand Painted Black Gold Handmade 70s Asian Tea Service "
" : #Ningbo Art Museum holds a variety of painting and calligraphy exhibitions, and the exhibits on #Chinese ancient characte"
" VS Fischer's... | - ) "
" (^^)"
"  Yep. Dropped all my bullion onto the market in one hit. Was ok though. The Chinese bough "
"Huawei still poses risks that can't be mitigated properly according to the National Cyber Security Centre. As the U "
" :  Global Leadership Summit ends with great discussion about foreign consumer brands' challenges &amp; opportunities"
" : In the first quarter, the transactions of foreign institutional investors in Chinese market were 919.1 billion yuan ($"
"Aggregate net profit at three major Chinese airlines fell 34% in 2018, the first drop in five years, as higher fuel "
"#China #tech faces an #innovation reality check as the economy cools and #startups stumble  "
" : Where have the Chinese public intellectuals gone? "
" Fed in China  Chinese story  Wine  of Lu Country Resulted in the Siege of Handan "
"looking for a new chinese drama series to watch"
" : Leiden Special Collections Blog is out! Lin Fan describes stone rubbings from  special collections, made to celebra"
"  So you're saying that Donald Trump can't be American because his grandfather was a German a "
"Patriot games: Xi Jinping dream of Chinese World Cup begins with thousands of footballing "
"  Iyong presidente ninyo noon pa nanloloko. Kaya hindi matigil ang droga dahil ang mga "
"Chinese tech giant Tencent plans $5 billion dollar bond sale: "
"India #ASAT test is not surprising although the timing of the test is.  India started developing its ASAT capabil "
"He was like pushing this English accent even though he's Chinese lol but I can see how fluent he is. His personalit "
" :  I presume Kitty will also be asking for less black teachers in Nigerian schools, less Asian teachers i"
" : All-new Chinese character posters for #AvengersEndgame "
""
"If people will boycot chinese products it will be a game over for russian bolsheviks becouse China is already in de "
"Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children's porridge "
" : #Guangzhou is offering to pay citizens in exchange for information on  religious groups as the Communist Party of #Ch"
" : #Khunjerab border (between #China &amp; #Pakistan) has opened on 1st  of April and first Chinese Tourist Group has arrived"
"MMT with Chinese characteristics? "
"Chinese tech giant Tencent plans $5 billion dollar bond sale: sources "
" : In February, Chinese tourists remained the biggest Tax Free shopping nation in Germany. For more #retail insight, view"
" galing talaga ni zhao. he can easily wade to our justices systems. chinese  indulges in corruption. "
"READ  why? #Shiseido cosies up with #Alibaba  #business #strategy "
" of no faith to your country was DOF Secretary Carlos G. Dominguez III retort to critics fearing government "
"  "
"        "
" : Were you able to find the word ? Most Japanese children play this game during their childhood. You can see three k"
"sa mga taga Batangas na malapit dito.. totoo ba ito?://t.co/cr9GdxtMGx "
" : I found a paper on the project - it attempts to be objective. It doesn't deny Chinese interests in this, but contends that th"
" : So happy for the Chinese success of #Mirage! More than 2 million people saw it during the first weekend  in C"
"   preach"
"U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer and U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin held meetings in Beijing Fr "
"Chinese City Offering Rewards for Reporting  Religious Activities, Raising Further Concerns for House Chur "
" joannalillis  Torokul: Stories of some ethnic Kazakh students from China who are now hiding in Turkey to esca "
"Chinese army arrives in #Venezuela just days after the Russian miltary #auspol "
"Multidistrict Litigation: Lawyer in Chinese drywall MDL calls for probe of bank that handled $200 million settlemen "
" : If I was the Chinese, I would also be optimistic about Africa"
" : So when someone says he is happier with the Chinese because they are more optimistic about Africa we see why. wouldn't "
" the UK's inability to achieve much over the past three years is worrying. on E's Morning Ireland, "
" : CCCC has done a good job so far it seems seeing as we gave them a deal to build our new oil terminal ://t.co/BCJlr52jqV"
" : Very sad news coming from #China . Our thoughts are with families and chinese firefighters.#Condolences #Solidarity http"
"Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children's porridge "
"  TATTOO W UR CHINESE NAME ON IT HAHAHA SIGE BET"
" : Last year the Transport committee of the National Assembly says the Treasury reviewed its budget to accommodate an additional"
"*French version below* year, we offer 2000 jobs for native or bilingual speakers: do you speak English, Germ "
" : 190331 HanDong Birthday Event July 7th() Chinese Lyric(~ing) #Handong # # #Dreamcatcher # # "
"*French version below* year, we offer 2000 jobs for native or bilingual speakers: do you speak English, Germ "
"*French version below* year, we offer 2000 jobs for native or bilingual speakers: do you speak English, Germ "
"*French version below* year, we offer 2000 jobs for native or bilingual speakers: do you speak English, Germ "
" : The operator (it was said) had committed to hire 3,000 Kenyans. I wonder if said commitment included technology transfer and"
"*French version below* year, we offer 2000 jobs for native or bilingual speakers: do you speak English, Germ "
":     , 23    ://t.co/GN0p2PWdYC"
" : Two companies currently manage the SGR.- John Holland (don't let the name deceive you), a subsidiary of China Communications"
"*French version below* year, we offer 2000 jobs for native or bilingual speakers: do you speak English, Germ "
"Chinese tech giant Tencent plans $5 billion dollar bond sale: sources "
"*French version below* year, we offer 2000 jobs for native or bilingual speakers: do you speak English, Germ "
"*French version below* year, we offer 2000 jobs for native or bilingual speakers: do you speak English, Germ "
"(_ _)m"
" Found it in a bookstore in Taiwan. My fifth copy and it's in Chinese. "
"U.S. and Chinese manufacturing sectors showed signs of stabilizing in March of factory activity suggest an "
" : Chinese tech giant Tencent plans US$5 billion dollar bond sale: Sources "
"*French version below* year, we offer 2000 jobs for native or bilingual speakers: do you speak English, Germ "
"*French version below* year, we offer 2000 jobs for native or bilingual speakers: do you speak English, Germ "
" : In Pics: Chinese boxer trounces stereotypes to become 'Queen of the Ring' "
"Admin smackdown: Morales/Del Rosario with ICC complaint. SC ordering release of case files on police killings to CH "
" :   The Chinese envoy shd be reminded of the UNCLOS ruling about the West Philippine Sea."
"In the Chinese library in Yangon earlier this month, when I opened my mouse to speak Chinese, some kind of weird Ch "
" "
"Chinese tech giant Tencent plans $5 billion dollar bond sale: sources "
"If you are working with any Chinese firm, safety should be your first priority. If you get injured you will be left "
"Chinese tech giant Tencent plans $5 billion dollar bond sale: sources "
"10 AM - 6PM #socialmedia #crypto #solarpower #finance #chinese #announcements #energy #investments #futurism "
"?  "
"Thanks to the lads from #WSK for a good night at the Chinese! "
"Mansuri ji aapko manchurian pasand hai kya?  I hate chinese food "
"#Athens #bookstore opens #chinese section, plans 500 titles #GO  "
"So tonight at our marriage prep course the topic was intimacy &amp; sexuality. We have a nice Chinese lady who still "
" 's been a hell of a challenge wrestling the Chinese loc in while porting to mobile and still addin "
" :  There are some local news reporting on college students protesting that dinning hall at their dorm airing only "
"gAsPs in chinese"
"   Former i.e. US/Chinese model of Transportation can lead to huge investment in "
" : Chinese Wool Runner Rug 2 x 6 Ft. Blue Pastel Colors All Wool  by BonniesVintageAttic "
"CIDCA, a new iteration of Chinese international aid, was established last March. But little has been done so far, a "
"I'm just here for drops, and I don't mean the beat drops.*inaudible screeches* omg I got a legendary electrified "
"  Exclusive: Business News - Chinese tech giant Tencent plans $5 billion dollar bond sale: sources "
"Chinese tech giant Tencent plans $5 billion dollar bond sale: sources  ://t.co/gfTsNeFFJX"
"Digging for clues to the lives of 19th-century Chinese migrants "
"Digging for clues to the lives of 19th-century Chinese migrants "
"Diplomats, activists decry Chinese 'threats' at UN rights council "
" : Jaguar Land Rover recently won a #copycat case against Chinese company Jiangling Motor Corporation after they reportedly cop"
" : [Req] Crazy rich Chinese?"
" : According to Chinese acupuncture, there is a point on the head that you can press to control your appetite. It is loca"
""
"Chinese tech giant Tencent plans $5 billion dollar bond sale: sources "
"Chinese tech giant Tencent plans $5 billion dollar bond sale: sources "
"#Hangzhou #swimmer Sun Yang fired off his personal-best 1,500m freestyle in four years and collected his fourth tit "
"Taiwan will forcefully expel PLA warplanes next time: Tsai Ing-wen "
"Chinese tech giant Tencent plans $5 billion dollar bond sale: sources "
" Malay,English,Korea ,little bit chinese ,Thai planning on learning Japanese"
"The Mission also aimed to encourage the adoption of state-of-the-art manufacturing technologies for improved produc "
"Today I've seen the worst president of all time in history. Letting one of our Islands occupied by the Chinese Mili "
"Chinese steel rebar 25mm US$617.3/t vs US$618.3/t"
"Singapore Straits Times  Chinese students in limbo as wait for US visas stretches for months "
"Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children porridge "
" : #anime_eupho Happy Chinese New Year  "
"Satellite Photos Show Chinese Anti-Satellite Laser Base via  "
" : The Chinese Tinder $MOMO is breaking out this morning. The next potential levels of resistance are 42 and 50.  #"
"reported in our MSM about the Indian Pakistani violence over Kashmir, a jihadi enterprise if there ever was one. Ye "
"(1) "
" No you did great better than my one Chinese friend"
"Just in case you missed it last night, we published the second piece our platform. If you interested in the f "
" chinese technology vocational training centre aims to teach uygurs some survival skills ,helps them to learn m "
"        "
" yu"
"I really in a desparate state. Where can i get a group of chinese and indian males to be interviewed "
"Chinese Buttons Retro Five Sleeved "
"The Myanmar and Chinese governments have failed to stem the trafficking of ethnic Kachin women and girls as  "
"Traditional Chinese music presents new visage "
"     This could go with the chinese MRI numbers into a Katie Melua parody..."
"Chinese tech giant Tencent plans $5 billion dollar bond sale: sources "
"Chinese boxer trounces stereotypes, depression to become  of the Ring  "
"If you stared hard into the space in front of you right now until the veins in your neck starts to bulge, you will "
" : Chinese spokesman: China has been working on all parties &amp; achieved positive results. US is aware of that. However, it prompted"
"  Might as well. I got blamed for global warming and the Chinese swim team."
"Chinese tech giant Tencent plans $5 billion dollar bond sale: sources "
" : Chinese spokesman: Members of Security Council exchanged views on draft resolution circulated by US. The majority of them agree"
"Chinese insurer Sinosure helps to catalyse Africa's economic growth, cites expert://t.co/p9G6UCKLil#Chinese #Africa #Economic #Growth"
" remove chinese cheaters from russian servers"
"Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children's porridge - "
"this auntie just asked me directions in chinese UUUHHH????"
" Xi Jinping's visit to France, Macron announced a huge Airbus order from multiple Chinese airlines. The winn "
" I just realized that you are wjsn member, sorry. I thought u are Chinese g"
"If you can read Chinese...too much fake volume...we are still in bear market "
"  Helo, TikTok,          #TikTok://t.co/jCchfIGQxS"
"first time ko kaninang full on sobbing and ugly crying ngayong 2019 HAHAHAHHA aakalain mong dinilaan ng baka mukha "
" : We have been listed on #Japanese famous #ICO #cryptocurrency #platform in #korean #japanese and #chinese languages."
" : i got a 0 on a lab and failed my class for not having  toe shoes and this guy did a 32 hour brain surgery with cha"
" : Dragon AU outfits! And general scale patterns on both once SQH also develops some dragon-y features. I know like... noth"
" : Chinese tech giant Tencent plans $5 billion dollar bond sale: sources - "
""
"Chinese tech giant Tencent plans $5 billion dollar bond sale: sources "
"Chinese tech giant Tencent plans $5 billion dollar bond sale: sources "
"Chinese tech giant Tencent plans $5 billion dollar bond sale: sources "
"Chinese tech giant Tencent plans $5 billion dollar bond sale: sources "
"  "
" Baka yun ang sardinas na nahuli ng chinese fishing boats. Yasss naman loyal si tatay digong. Huwaw! Love your own."
"  It's true but I have seen racial slurs from all races, people abusing malays and Islam, peop "
"AirAsia considers setting up its base in Macao to get a better access to the Chinese market. Besides air transporta "
"  Also it comes with some neat Chinese spyware."
"Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children porridge "
" "
" : Busy day today for Planning Ahead for Your Second Year &amp; Beyond Week:  &amp; Module Choice in 2nd Year  11am in"
"       "
"Chinese tech giant Tencent plans $5 billion dollar bond sale: sources "
" : What can we expect in China in 2019? Where is the Chinese economy heading? Excellent analysis in McKinsey.://t.co/D00t"
" 88  "
"Chinese tech giant Tencent plans $5 billion dollar bond sale: sources "
" Watching American werewolf in London with my parents and eating Chinese chicken which was covered in b "
" Yae vo Chinese product Hain, Jo kuch din baad apnay asli quality dikha he dayta hai."
"Chinese tech giant Tencent plans $5 billion dollar bond sale: sources #news #technology"
"  Will the tin foil cap crowd panic about the Chinese government listening in and cont "
"Canada-wide warrant issued for Abdullahi Adan, 37, of Toronto. for kidnapping, assault and forcible confine "
"Palace tells Chinese vessels in Pag-asa Island: Leave now://t.co/YJEkgHDSjj #PagasaIsland "
"I was listening to some throwbacks and Timbaland &amp; Magoo - Up Jumps da Boogie came on. There was a line...Like J "
"US  Improving investor sentiment building on better than expected Chinese PMI numbers received a boost yesterday f "
"What does Xu Zhangrun punishment mean for hopes of academic freedom? "
" oMG CHINESE ACTOR BA 'TOOOO????"
"One of my articles has been translated into Chinese!://t.co/RlVaJrnpGA"
"In Pics: Chinese boxer trounces stereotypes to become 'Queen of the Ring' "
"32Pcs/4Bags "
"  "
"Duterte's Gov't to verify alleged Chinese dredging in Batangas., LGU &amp; PHL navy coast should apprehend them? M "
"I think I might have lost my Chinese bank card  ...shoot me now!!!"
" Aku suka dikira orang korea/chinese/jepang padahal orang bali -_-"
"Chinese tech giant Tencent plans $5 billion dollar bond sale: sources "
" now, jan grovie lenon  dip your fingers  to 3,6,9,0 the main enigma base on the chinese 600 billi "
"Check out my latest blog entitled The Seasons in Chinese Medicine://t.co/d37vy2OgZR "
"Please read this.Renowed Bharat Karnad says the  ASAT has put Chinese on the Back foot and has put India on advanta "
"Chinese tech giant Tencent plans $5 billion dollar bond sale: sources "
"Chinese tech giant Tencent plans $5 billion dollar bond sale: sources "
" Say no more.  Chinese and American embassy wallai"
"Chinese tech giant Tencent plans $5 billion dollar bond sale: sources "
" Chinese tech giant Tencent plans $5 billion dollar bond sale: sources "
" : Chinese tech giant Tencent plans $5 billion dollar bond sale: sources "
"Chinese tech giant Tencent plans $5 billion dollar bond sale: sources - "
" :  Obfuscation - Trust Sessions  admires Sun Tzu Military/Tactical Strategies  Tzu (/"
"The Chinese still defending their objection to declaring Masood Azhar a global terrorist is just an indicator of ho "
"Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children's porridge "
"Why is the Indian electric bus market booming while the Chinese market has had a significant drop? What's happening "
"DDS: It their country (Brunei). Respect their rules. DDS: Ok lang na tapakan tayo ng mga Chinese!"
" Taiwan is Chinese"
" : #NP:&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Chinese #GreenMorningShow#TuesdayMorningCruise#MorningDriveTimeShow W/ "
"Chinese tech giant Tencent plans $5 billion dollar bond sale: sources "
"Chinese tech giant Tencent plans $5 billion dollar bond sale: sources "
"Etwa 120 Soldaten der Armee der Volksrepublik #China sind im Rahmen eines Kooperationsprogramms mit #Venezuela in C "
"   More chins than a Chinese phonebook!!"
"Chinese tech giant Tencent plans $5 billion dollar bond sale: sources "
" : #BonAnniversaireSt: #St Had A Word With Us://t.co/u3oy2p9zLf  "
" : Chinese Dissidents Feel Heat of Beijing Wrath. Even in Canada. "
"... with the U.S. shut out of the vast Chinese market after a record 2018 to 2019 harvest, about 30 million tonnes "
"Chinese prosecutors order arrest of former top energy official in bribery case "
"Chinese tech giant Tencent plans $5 billion dollar bond sale: sources"
"Chinese tech giant Tencent plans $5 billion dollar bond sale: sources "
" : In this Intermediate Mandarin video, we focus on debating. topic: Is it Better to Buy or Rent a House? (Intermediate"
"The Chinese government appreciated Prime Minister #ImranKhan for performing ground-breaking of the New #Gwadar Inte "
"The Chinese Entrepreneurs Quietly Reshaping Africa "
" "
"During this time I felt two identities emerge. I was Ping in my daily social circle. But I was some other guy name "
"   meaning you don't have a problem of them attacking foreign nation "
"://t.co/MTJhduIGaI"
"    Momoland are already super successful. Why not help a rookie like ev "
" Liberty loving Americans want to arm teachers with guns, ban teaching of evolution, and think climate "
" : A wholesome use of a wealth of experience... this sample lesson in HSK 2 foundation level Mandarin Chinese:"
"Chinese troops already pouring in. forex reserves are left only 8.5 Billion$.Huge interests to pay for SOS loan "
"the chinese created mobile legsnds so they're probably using that to spy on us too"
" Sounds like the Chinese judicial system where guilty pleas are rewarded and not guilty pleas punished."
"Apple company slashed product prices on its Chinese website on Monday after tax cuts. An iPhone XS that used to cos "
"Philippines protests hundreds of Chinese ships around disputed island "
" Aw I see only tv I allowed to watch is illegal cable that pick up Chinese program that all my dad le "
" Echinanews Chinese duck meat producers are upbeat about the industry's export outlook after the EU started to g "
" I know right  I worried about Taka. 'cause I have never heard that he can speak Chinese"
" : #Libra are difficult, but I promise they are worth it."
" ZHU ZHENGTING HE IN NINE PERCENT AND NEXT7 HIS SMILE IS A GOD SEND BLESSING AND WHOUUU HIS DANCE SKILLS AR "
" : Shivbhakti identity was only till he went to Kailash Mansarowar n met Chinese leaders. God knows for what.  in previ"
"The stakes dramatically ramped up in the Pacific -- Taiwan will forcefully expel PLA warplanes next time: Tsai Ing- "
" : China's fifth solar term, Clear and Bright, will begin on April 5, which coincides with a traditional Chinese festival, Qi"
" : Tencent Backs Series B Round Of Chinese AI-Enabled Phone Robot Developer Guiji Zhineng #China #V"
"Creepy or reassuring?  This Tom Hiddleston advert shows how cultural nuance can divide opinions in different marke "
"Continuum is a solo exhibition by Chinese abstract artist Zhou Yangming. The highlight is a seven-metre-long ink on "
"Chinese tech giant Tencent plans $5 billion dollar bond sale: sources - "
" : In short, while China is continuing to benefit from Iran energy resources, Iran is struggling to use its earnings to"
"Chinese prosecutors order arrest of former top energy official in bribery case "
" fuck'n chinese"
" Bhai sahab to kachra failane me Chinese se competition karna hai kya? Ye kya logic hai? It will take mont "
" : We became architects on Friday and built the ancient Roman and Chinese empires with marshmallows, gummy bears, and toothpic"
" nah, i look chinese"
"A Chinese woman just had twins with 2 different fathers  here how that possible "
""
"#Chinese #cryptomining giant #Bitmain filing to list its initial public offering on the #HongKong Stock Exchange "
" : By the way I hope we see a budget surplus in 2019-20 - a chance to start to reduce govt debt... but I have been around long e"
"Why there are so many emails from Chinese curators who asked to promote my Eroolia series to hentai community?? They are different! XD"
"Around the 10th century, some of the Chinese kanji characters were simplified 10[s]/3 #gogakuru #eigo"
"  3. ;,, #China #Chinese"
"   .. chale to chand tak, nahi to sham tak"
"  Cebion okay  dulu aku keje guardian ramai chinese beli ni. Mahal tak?"
""
"          "
" : Presentation on state of Chinese Small Seal Script  encoding project #WG2_64 "
" : #Vintage #dragon #cloisonne dish 03 *Reasonable #Offers considered*Free UK Shipping*#IOW InspectAndCollect:"
"  Call that 2nd Chinese Civil War"
"NYC to host exhibition of Chinese music in U.S. "
" Too late, already done! "
"So you could say that there's two versions of Esial:- Every day I'm gonna study hard to pass every test!- Fuck, "
"/f/"
" : "
"found some Chinese ass program and it just goes swowndownwid..."
"Nur wenige Tage nach der russischen Milit kommt die chinesische Armee in Venezuela an.  gesagt es wird "
"Interactive meeting with Chinese delegation of Fujian province at  office. meeting had agenda t "
"  Yes Sir. The Chinese Gandhi's."
" Paladin 4 the song name  Jian Wen Qing~~Holy sword of god be ask for love://t.co/y8fFgV6skq"
"Apple cut prices on iPhones, iPads and other products on its official Chinese website on Monday. The move was in re "
" :   Neusoft Corporation a Chinese of engineeringservices,"
"Family gathering is perfect with us. Choose from the wide array of Chinese cuisine available here. We believe every "
"Szechuan Green Beans are the perfect accompaniment to your next Indo-Chinese meal. The tender, yet crisp green bean "
"  meant present Chinese Gandhi's."
" : Heathrow welcomes new services to Home of the Giant Panda Chengdu, the 12th Chinese route on the airport network:"
" : Chinese calligraphy: seal script "
" Easy the Chinese don't expect repayment, they expect a default and then to be given Eskom on a 99 yr lease. "
" "
" : Tencent $5bn bond will bolster the Chinese tech giant against competition from retail and entertainment rivals https:"
"China is not a developing country in the digital economy, says CEO Xiaofei Yao of Chinese e-commerce biz Rogrand at "
"It perfectly clear that all about framing state interests in the most favorable way to overcome any opposition "
"Judge won t ID mystery company in Mueller  Chinese hooker"
" : Mountain Balang  of the most famous birding hotspots in China, is located in the west of Sichuan province, which is"
"Boosie: I&amp;#039;m Getting a Chinese In Vitro Baby with a Boosie Fade, I&amp;#039;ll be the Mama &amp; Daddy (Part 1) - "
"Latest: iFlytek: a Chinese AI leader in interpretation "
"Anthony Wong  Jiang Hu  Mobile is mainstream in Chinese esports "
"Russian and Kazakhstan #rapeseed may partly become an alternative to Canadian rapeseed on the Chinese market. Two c "
" I posted a screenshot of this report in 2015 and was accused of furthering WB propaganda. Reposted it to "
"#SingaporeanRice Make Your #Meal Delicious &amp; #Perfect #McChilli_Restaurant #Fine #Dining #Best #Taste #Food "
" : Videos of a transformer explosion in Astoria, Queens, NY on Thursday night local time have been circulating even on Chin"
" Chinese e-commerce entrepreneur. Madame Zhao: 860 M Internet users in China &gt;&gt; combined populations "
"fucking fat slobs got more chins than a Chinese phone book. Cunt "
"The kind senior citizens whom treated me to McDonald's &amp; Jollibee Yum packages instead of buying Chinese wish stic "
"  Construction projects serve as a gateway for the Chinese to infiltrate other industr "
"    at the words of those full-screen bananas, which can prov "
"(LINE)"
"Taiwan Strait incursion is Beijing pushing back at US, say analysts - South China Morning Post "
"A delegation of Chinese diplomats, investors, developers, health and agriculture industry specialists from #Yunnan "
" I just get a half portion and zoom in on it to make it look bigger, that way I can get likes even though I don like Chinese food"
"Because I want to connect with cocoppaplay's users, so I decided to make a Twitter account. can speak Japanese, E "
""
"The Chinese takeover of Indian app ecosystem "
"  "
"I was born in Qingdao and when I turned 10, I started attending the Beijing Dance Academy where I learned all sorts "
"My reading of  incursions into the Indian Himalaya., what happens when a multispecies ethnographer tri "
" Big madam, Chinese oh. "
"Within Chinese medicinal cooking, there are also a lot of ingredients useful for black magic~ "
"Excellent assessment. only thing I would caution against is There is even talk of a relationship between Itali "
"Chinese tech giant Tencent plans $5 billion dollar bond sale: sources "
"Asset stripping of your country resources at the expense of your own citizens, same with Chinese invading Zimbabwe, "
"New post The Beginning Of The End Of SWIFT: Russian Banks Join Chinese Alternative ... has been published on S ... "
"[ABS-CBN] Chinese vessels off Pag-asa keeping tabs on PH construction project: Arevalo | "
"[ABS-CBN] Chinese vessels off Pag-asa keeping tabs on PH construction project: Arevalo | "
"#Chinese government, close the Concentration camps, stop ethnic Cleansing and Genocide! #Uyghur  #HRW #USA "
"[ABS-CBN] Chinese vessels off Pag-asa keeping tabs on PH construction project: Arevalo | "
" : Umano'y Chinese vessel natagpuan sa dagat ng Batangas daw   ba mag coordinate pwede at k"
" It a good thing she was feeling Chinese food that night. Congrats!"
"5 factors driving the Chinese lawtech "
" : Maybe pizza or Chinese food?  #artist #callofcthulhu #comic #comicbooks #cthulhu #drawing #highschoolgirl #horror #hplov"
"5 factors driving the Chinese lawtech "
" :  #China was fighting terrorism, why would authorities detain my parents, who had sacrificed their lives working for"
" "
"Chinese boxer trounces stereotypes, depression to become  of the Ring  "
"   Pathetic service at your display centre ! Security doubling as receptionis "
"Apply Neuroscience and Psychology for Improved Learning and Training with  book #Neuroscience for Le "
"It 2115 and the Chinese Empire rules the world. The former Western hemisphere is now the American Special Adminis "
"Leiden Special Collections Blog is out! Lin Fan describes stone rubbings from  special collections, made "
"  "
"Andile Ramaphosa cut ties with the chairman of a Chinese company alleged to have given Eskom a loan without the pow "
"#Forexnews A surprise improvement in Chinese factory activity supported the yuan and Australian dollar on Mon "
" wow's not easy for beginner to write Chinese like this."
"#Vintage #cloisonne dish 04*Reasonable #Offers considered*Free UK Shipping*#IOW InspectAndCollect "
" : Can you speak Tamil, Arabic, Greek, Italian or Chinese? Merton befriending service needs you! Join in something rewar"
"China-to-global is a very interesting trend.  where can we see the impact of China on the global market? o "
" 88  "
"Chinese factories are looking optimistic, with new hires and new orders picking up. The global economy could face s "
" : Japan unveiled new plans for an F-35 aircraft carrier  and it's a Chinese navy killer "
"The first 5G video call on #Huawei Mate X #the world's first 5G foldable smartphone. Shanghai to become 1st Chinese "
" Propaganda Indian backed terrorist commander involved in several terrorist activities and also the mastermi "
"Fentanyl issues could derail the prospects of a U.S.-China trade deal if the Chinese government does not crack down "
" :  Tama wala nga silang pakialam kung dumagsa mg Chinese kung marami ang namatay,ang usaping  isla natin  da"
"Heading into the office after spending the morning finishing up the first draft of chapter four at home. Looking fo "
" Remember every time Hillary sent an email from her unsecured server the Chinese government automatically got a copy! Traitor!"
" : Totoo ang Chinese invasion.  Please follow the thread.://t.co/vUgu6nMc3B "
"Through securitization tools such as ABS and CLO, a considerable portion of China RMB 8tn green credits can be tu "
" : Chinese Military troops arrive in Venezuela with humanitarian aid ://t.co/6G0KcEruxO"
"  Although this is rather anecdotal... of my Chinese friends had 8A+ 1A for SPM last yea "
"Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children's porridge "
" : Darn good investigative reporting from . Jammeh also worked to secure $326M in illicit timber revenue, mostly from hi"
" Good on the Chinese l dearly hope so"
"Simple lunch today:- fried eggplants- minced chicken (or any meat)- spring onion: miso, chinese chill "
"Both Houses of Congress are silent...to be interpreted as assent to this Chinese invasion that seems to violate man "
"chinese zodiac sign: monkey"
" Positive macro data in China? One of the largest brokerage firms downgraded 84 Chinese companies. "
"Taiwan citing national security in Chinese streaming site block: Report | ZDNet #policy"
"    THE SATANIC CULT TERRORISTS THAT OPERATE THE A B&amp;E "
" Go to a local Chinese and order a Spice Bag."
" :    They only accept Islam on paper when they visit Zimbabwe they will accept local"
"three chinese grandmas on a trip overseas, posing for a pic to put on wechat "
"Chinese tech giant Tencent plans US$5 billion dollar bond sale: Sources "
"Chinese firefighters contain forest fire after 30 dead "
"Chinese reply to #LoveJihad ! "
"Colmenares: If gov doesn act on West PH Sea, we will "
" : Don be fooled by Beijing bluster. Trump policies have America surging, while Chinese growth could slow further s"
" don't use my works without my permission! 14-y-o garbage who likes to draw things as human "
" : The second Red Scare forced the Chinese-born co-founder of NASA's Jet Propulsion Lab out of the United States. That same"
" More that 3000 debris is bcoz of chinese test of 2007 but u purposely did not uttered a single word. "
"bref, i gotta work my chinese so i can rock my exam"
"  The Chinese have huge overcapacity in Steel, cement &amp; labour. The aim of their overs "
" : Chinese fans mimicked  's performance of 22 at the Billboard Music Awards. Part 2. "
"Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children's porridge "
"Chinese duck meat producers are upbeat about the industry's export outlook after the EU started to grant more low-t "
"Now in Asia: Chinese firefighters contain forest fire after 30 dead "
" : Convoy of Chinese Engineers ambushed in Karachi. Balochistan Liberation Army #BLA claims responsibility for the attack that"
"A Chinese is definitely needed this week. I miss it "
"NYC to host exhibition of Chinese music in U.S. "
"Chinese Authorities Publish List of Registered #Blockchain Firms://t.co/FWdWMDmF3F"
"Umano'y Chinese vessel natagpuan sa dagat ng Batangas daw   ba mag coordinate pwede "
"why does every chinese manga have breathing techniques"
"     You not alone. What happening to our trade ca "
"House prices in Chinese cities increased slightly faster in March, Economic Information Daily reported, citing a su "
" Pakis don't take this too seriosly. Soon India will fry all Pakistani &amp; Chinese military raders AWCS from "
" andiyan na yan let it be. passive naman tayo.reactionary lang kung andoon na ang sakuna. lahat na "
" I invest nothing whatsoever in horoscopes except all of my belief in my own excellence as an Aries b "
"Learn Chinese with us everyday Chinese class available in Shanghai. to one and group class  one to one c "
"Launch party:://t.co/Ux6AHNOxrO"
"Solar panels are bad for the environment. They are produced by the same factories that produce weapons and it costs "
"  Chinese Layton"
"PAUWORL says RUN the RACE. Woworl ID LITE to RUN the RACE with a BANK FUEL of MONEH and OILYORL. RUN the OIL CA "
"Sekretaris Cina Blowjob di lututnya "
"Chinese tech giant Tencent plans US$5 billion dollar bond sale: Sources "
"         "
"Chinese firefighters contain forest fire after 30 dead "
" : #China #space denial weapons.#PLA has deployed #DEW &amp; #HEL to dazzle/disable/destroy satellites.#EMP &amp; mobile pulse ge"
"Ramped-up Chinese presence near Titu Island / Pag Asa causing concern in the Philippines. Resupplies for nearby Sie "
"After establishing its domination in the Indian smartphone market within five years of its entry, Chinese phone mak "
" . is what he said :  good thing is that it is low enough and over time this will all dissipate "
" can be driven by the technology and so excited by what it can do and measure that you lose sight of people e "
"Chinese Dissidents Feel Heat of Beijing Wrath. Even in Canada. She thought she would be safe in Toronto. Then she "
"harini atok pegi checkup,pastu masa dr. (chinese) tengah check tiba2 fon atok bunyi,and guess what coller ringtone surah yaasin.."
"Chinese boxer trounces stereotypes, depression to become  of the Ring  "
"Chinese #Grammar, "
" : Exquisite tea.   Porcelain.. "
"Baluchistan is not running out of resources yet! They ll compromise it by giving #Gawadar on lease to chinese for 9 "
"Outstanding Chinese Restaurant Returns to London After Brief Hiatus "
" Chinese hooker "
"Cina Seks Doggy "
"  Keep thinking that. The  monopoly is a way of thought just as much as it is mi "
"         "
". info.      owns a black dornish sand steed called veraxes. secretly dabbles in dark magic. fiesty but ratio "
" : Thanos must be shaking. "
"The Chinese and multi national businesses are spending billions of dollars on mice for lab experiment on next line "
"    "
"The Chinese Buddhist pilgrim Xuanzeng ( Hsuan-Tsang ) traveled through this region. He wrote that from 644 - 655 , "
" : 1088 pieces of bamboo used to create Chinese landscape painting #HiChina #2019BeijingExpo "
"  Thanks for sharing that, Linda. Journalism in China is certainly tougher for Chinese writers t "
" "
"Between 399 and 414 AD Chinese Buddhist pilgrim Faxian visited Gilgit Baltistan , while in 6th century AD , the "
" : Global prices for #pigs are changing and showing an upward trend. In his quarterly update, market analyst Dr John Strak disc"
" : Hey guys, I have started my own educational consultancy business in China, providing confirmed admissions and scholarsh"
" kindly assist with this  card no. 42504421639 the Access package (2,000) was activated last week, but this "
"What can we expect in China in 2019? Where is the Chinese economy heading? Excellent analysis in McKinsey. "
" : UAE didn respond to the concerns of the Baloch nation.But the Pakistani state, on the other hand, started a media tr"
" : Chinese car manufacturer Qiantu Motors will showcase the #Qiantu K50 at the 2019 New York Auto Show. The car features two el"
"Remember when they told us that when Chinese parents were out of names to name their kids, they would drop a spoon "
"Welcome to Hotel Dallas &amp; Forest Green Chinese Restaurant!  best service for our valued guest is the things to "
"Personally, I would be more inclined to trust judgement of those who worked in Chinese media orgs given their em "
"That is not to say we should blindly trust any single outlet. But while we can be suspicious of Chinese state media "
" : Selesai je kenduri doa selamat tadi. Jiran chinese i tolong kemas weyyyyy. Aku terharu gila dapat jiran jiran macam ni. 4 buah"
"Gen. Arevalo sa Pag-Asa Island:  Mayroon naman tayong visuals doon at nakikita ng tropa natin at hindi tayo naniniw "
"Implementation of Chinese Rebar Standard Has Resulted in 89% of Surveyed Rebar Producers Adopting Vanadium in Rebar "
".   This opinion should interest you Chinese 5G technology w "
"Guo Hu, CEO of YanHuangGuoXin,Liao Qipo,CEO of Green Electronics Technology and Li Feng,founding-partner of FreesFu "
" Chinese chamche "
" : A kindergarten teacher in China Henan province has been detained after she allegedly poisoned 23 children by putting nitri"
"TVXQ proved their popularity by no. 1 in a Chinese website 136,031,908 votes-."
"Malaysia chinese 21 sec "
"Gen. Arevalo sa Pag-Asa Island: Hindi ko alam kung saan ang source na nagsasabi na 'yan ay mga Chinese militia. Sa "
" : Strong will! The Chinese athlete who refused to let disability and injury stop him from chasing his dreams #paracycling #parask"
"With the number of Mandarin learners on the rise, and China becoming increasingly important on the world stage, som "
"idk whats up with sm and chinese members but renjun and chenle? what are they doing? wayv isn't doing that good in china either "
"Scam Town, The Chinese Village Where Nearly Everyone's A Phone Scammer Insider on Mar 23, 2019, "
"Pak-India war will destroy entire South Asia: Chinese "
" Chinese Childminder Detained for Alleged Poisoning at Henan Kindergarten. 8 in Hospital, 15 Discharged. |  bbc "
" Xi's visit with Macron pays off...Corrupted scum, EU sold out it's citizens to the Chinese government."
"Officials: Chinese Economic Charm Offensive Losing Steam "
"Chinese Dissidents Feel Heat of Beijing Wrath. Even in Canada.://t.co/dOnO2gvvU4"
" : Chinese #Stargate #thetruthisoutthere #DongPing://t.co/rsLCep50QH "
" Better,'m. "
"Chinese."
" Your Chinese handwriting is way better than mine."
"'He was supposed to help us': Chinese immigrants out thousands after immigration agent disappears | CBC News "
"I'm Still Exploring My Chinese Identity, But Your Fetishized Version Is False "
"Chinese clubs are interested to transfer #Trabzonspor player #HugoRodallega."
"We once saw Heidi's dress in a Chinese restaurant#MAFS #MAFSA "
" :  Bro do you think Pakistani public care ?? Not really.  They want everything free health care  safety but they won"
"      Go attack all the successful "
"    but the most glaring problem is their protection of user data. "
"Alif Global  TRANSLATION SERVICES, DUBAI First Destination for Legal Translation in Dubai "
"Mats Harborn Scania Group highlights how 60% of Chinese choose their car by how easily it connects to their phone! "
" : 18. Son, hayyy ang second momma ng abm. Ano tuloy ba? Ako na magcolor. HAHAHHAHAHA more laro ng Chinese garter to cooomeee"
" Thinks:...Chinese cooking clown?"
" : "
"  Even the Chinese fella is taller than Macron.#shortmansyndrome. "
" : Hundreds of Chinese vessels circling Pag-asa Island: military "
" :          "
" "
"Also I love the subtweet: We are not showy, said art-lover Tsai, who co-heads Fubon Financial Holding Co. with h "
" :  Why would anyone consult the woman who had a Chinese spy working for her for 20 years and also tried to destro"
" if you have something to say, just say it.  enough with this petty innuendo.  you can say it in your n "
" Somehow I can't picture the #UK swapping #French #Cognac for #Tennessee Gold ... although #Maine #Lobsters "
"Dahil sa pagiging tuta ni Rodrigo sa China, ayan ang mga walang modong mga Chinese akala mo pag aari na ang Pilipin "
"#China and #Arab countries are eyeing deeper cooperation on the wider application of China's BeiDou Navigation "
"boutta eat chinese at 5 am cuz i can"
"#Chinese #firefighters contain forest #fire after 30 dead#Sichuan #blaze #emergency  "
"o-kay. chinese is for chinese. But hendrix is hendrix. He'll choose erin  #ToStay"
"Chinese markets could continue to go up: Investor"
"Valuations in the Chinese market are looking 'stretched': Investor"
"Gen. Arevalo sa Pag-Asa Island: Yung latest report natin at na-verify na natin na hindi naman 617 ang nandun (na Ch "
"Tencent Backs Series B Round Of Chinese AI-Enabled Phone Robot Developer Guiji Zhineng "
"Apparently #Mexico's Navy has something to say about Chinese creeping influence...  "
"In February, Chinese tourists remained the biggest Tax Free shopping nation in Germany. For more #retail insight, v "
"In February, Chinese tourists remained the biggest Tax Free shopping nation in Germany. For more #retail insight, v "
"        "
"I'm listening Thai songs, studying Japanese, chatting in English with Hungarian friend on Twitter, and chatting in "
" : MOCATalks with author Derek Sandhaus  Baijiu: The Essential Guide to Chinese Spirits- Thursday April 4th  "
" : Do Chinese citizens participate in politics on the basis of their ideology? My new paper in the Journal of Theoretical Politi"
" : A group of #NorthKorean lawyers are on a tour of China, hoping to lure more #Chinese #investors by introducing the cou"
"Now I understand why my Chinese friends are constantly on WeChat! #vecs "
"CASH PRICES UPDATED  - CHINESE Grains and Oilseed complex #OATT "
"And the global language of communism is Chinese "
"kaka chinese movie ko napapa chungchongshamalamabuha nako mag isa dito"
"Totoo ang Chinese invasion.  Please follow the thread.://t.co/vUgu6nMc3B "
" : I have nothing but respect for almost all FT journalists but this published letter from the Chinese ambassador to the UK"
" WTF I know Wenhan went on the Chinese Broduce too. Why can Yuehua just have them comeback "
"?  A dream like a dream # . Stan Lai    "
" More Chins than a Chinese phone book dammmm"
" : . take down  2-0 to knock the Chinese side out of the tournament! one more win needed for the Ninja"
"Chinese "
"French - I had a little knowledge about french language. - My mothertongue is actually a spanish creole. "
"To all freedom loving Filipino people, let us march as one on April 9, Day of Valor, at the Chinese Consulate.:0 "
" ladder version actually was the formal version. New version is borrowed from  written sty "
" : Tzusing is a producer with a remarkably fresh and dare we say singular modern sound: his Chinese heritage courts barely-constra"
"Chinese #Tech Startups Cloud Pick, Eeasy Electronic Land  Capital Investment "
"Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children's porridge "
"Wang Talu pay tribute to Chinese fire fighter. Because of China forest blaze, 30 firefighters was killed in Sichuan. "
"Japan chooses new imperial era of 'Reiwa' from Japanese rather than Chinese source for first time "
"[ABS-CBN] Ex-DFA chief slams Chinese envoy  remark | "
" ()"
"[ABS-CBN] Ex-DFA chief slams Chinese envoy  remark | "
"Me to Chinese waiter: the squid is rubbery. Chinese waiter: fank you. #mkr"
"Chinese kindergarten teacher detained after allegedly poisoning 23 children "
"[ABS-CBN] Ex-DFA chief slams Chinese envoy  remark | "
"Organizational Consultant Cathy Perme touches on why the first book she wrote is a labor of love to honor her daugh "
"#mining $GLD #energy #economy $ES $OIL Chinese #coke capacity to fall in the coming decade: "
"  She's got more chins than a Chinese phone book."
" "
" This would be a huge investment opportunity but we keep waiting on the government to create an enab "
" Hi Mr. Carreyrou. I'm a postgraduate student in the University of Leeds majoring in translating stud "
" authorities propaganda should fool nobody. The internment camps where up to one million people, p "
" : Chinese are a powerful force in the next large emerging global tech hubs. Watch out!  "
"DIA Officer Spied for Chinese as Part of  "
"god i hate this chinese class let a man cheat in peace finna get a nice 3/20"
"In a bid to clean up his image businessman Andile Ramaphosa, son of President Cyril Ramaphosa, has cut ties with a "
" I seem to have read about all the kindergarten scandals first through domestic Chinese media. Overseas Eng "
"DIA Officer Spied for Chinese as Part of  "
" Chinese Hoax."
" after over 15 years buying from eBay and many  later i will stop using. Too many Bad Chinese eBay supp "
"U.S. and Chinese manufacturing sectors showed signs of stabilizing in March   "
"   Itself has a really bad reputation, being owned by a Chinese company and accuse "
" : Taiwan will forcefully expel PLA warplanes next time: Tsai Ing-wen | South China Morning Post "
" secured malay votes and more than &gt;30% indians. the kingmaker is the chinese"
" : To mark world #AutismAwarenessWeek, here is the booklet that I worked day &amp; night 'Chinese/English bilingual autism boo"
"  "
"Late March, #BodyInteract challenged the ChinaMed attendees.  is one of the most influential exhibitions i "
" : 7 Things You Should Know About #WayV, SM Chinese Boy Group ://t.co/TUIPlFpM7z "
" It sad how people only know chinese and japanese and have to admit whenever our faces just may look l "
". Vintage Chinese Oriental Cabinet Cupboard Drawers Sideboard Shabby Chic "
" : Glad to see major undertakings like this to mark a milestone in Chinese history taking place, important to reflect now (outsi"
" Hanging out with their wives. i get why the person doesn't remember the Chinese character. "
" "
"Rugao International Horticultural Park hosted an event of the Second Shanghai International Youth Forum on Penjing "
" I'm afraid that if Chinese people use this Amsterdam will be: I'm still dum"
"I wrote Chinese for the first time in my life :) When I say wrote I copied it off my screen XD  a message for "
"A kindergarten teacher in China Henan province has been detained after she allegedly poisoned 23 children by putt "
"Chinese boxer trounces stereotypes, depression to become  of the Ring  "
" : #Blockchain is the Future #Belfrics://t.co/GCjxLgKq5D"
" :   That DMinister deserve to be dismissed. How many Whites, Indians, Chinese are there in"
"Juncker swipes China: companies have free access to our markets, but we don to the markets in China. One "
"Apple has slashed prices on iPhones, iPads and other products on its official Chinese website "
" Chinese nae real one "
"#AIR TRANSPOATION: Chinese C-17 Diversifies "
"A Chinese passenger was impaled by a length of timber after a car carrying her struck a lorry on National Road 7. "
"China's fifth solar term, Clear and Bright, will begin on April 5, which coincides with a traditional Chinese festi "
"If the heavens collapse, I'll hold them up are Chinese idioms so cool???"
"Try out everyone's most hated parts of a Chinese restaurant but more chaotic"
"my childhood, both staying with relatives. My Mam and Dad were in their late forties before before they got a corpo "
" BUT DO YOU LIKE CHINESE FOOD? mix sweet and salty things A LOT. Pizza with pineapple is a little "
" Keep letting any Tom, dick, and Harry across the border ya Chinese spy. Uve been in office for 26 yea "
"Explainer: what are Confucius Institutes and do they teach Chinese propaganda? #Confucius"
"#SpaceWatchGL Column: Chinese Broadcasters Overseas: A Bigger Opportunity than meets the Eye "
" This easier in theory than in practice, unfortunately.  It physically difficult to live without "
" : US-China trade war inactivity could lead to the  recession in recent Chinese history, says scholar | South China"
" Or let the Chinese keep heading south in the China sea and they will build Australia infrastructure for "
" And the media which has become a fake news production limited has also become Chinese? hav "
"fluent in chinese in chinese in chinese in chinese in chinese in chinese "
" Yeah, I have a Chinese SIM card, but my hotspot was failing me last night as well. It was too late for a "
"hi sayo! ganda mo sa suot mo nung senior's night para kang chinese. Sana maging magkaibigan tayo. Godblessyou at sa squad mo !"
" :  GAME CAFE GORO-CHAYA-Sun:00-24:00 on weekend:+tax&amp;1drink"
" : INSIDE TIP!! Newcastle coal mines are struggling to sell to Chinese customers as Chinese steel exports have falle"
"NOTES SUR LA CHINE, #exposition de Wiktoria Wojciechowska produite par #Stimultania.#vernissage le ven 12 avril d "
"Gadis Chinese Emut Kontol Enak Full:sumx/ 2 min "
"  What am I going to do with all those Chinese Trademark VOTING MACHINES?"
"Crot dalam mulut Cewek Chinese Full: skandal69/ 34 sec "
"   chinese china pee pissing 14 sec "
"I fucking a Chinese Model   26 min "
"  Or let the Chinese keep heading south in the China sea and they will build Australia "
" When I went to China I just went to my local Chinese consulate with an invitation letter from my host un "
"  Your Chinese friend is looking forward to "
"A great fortune depends on luck, a small one on diligence. - Chinese Proverb #quote"
" :  #  #  # #  # ://t.co/FZnIC4TNTk"
" : ####reiwa###"
"://t.co/n6s3cJz112# #://t.co/H2XBfVXvN2"
"  My kids, in a Dublin Catholic-run school, celebrate Christmas, St Patrick's Day, Easter, Diwa "
" Chinese garter?"
"  I really JUST Woory about the   party and it's affiliation with  ( A Chi "
"Apple's struggling iPhone sales just got a boost from the Chinese government. The tech company cut prices on iPhone "
"ATTENTION!!!!! Pls d word ighalo  is not a Chinese name so Chinese commentators be careful.  "
"I just leveled up playing Clozemaster! Now at level 98 learning English from Mandarin Chinese and level 98 overall. "
"[ 2019 HD - Sworman Kungfu ] - Chinese Action Kung fu movie "
" :          "
"  Climate change because cold or warm day ha ha ha it a joke, Electric car price in h "
"Chinese #coke capacity to fall in the coming decade: #CRUInsight "
"  "
"  "
" "
" the Chinese, the Indians have accepted liveability and sustainability issues - due to its growing populatio "
"   New govt  shd discipline these foreigners webs  by a "
"Tired of daily traffic jams, concrete high-rises and fast-paced life in big cities? Join the growing number of Chin "
" after over 15 years buying from eBay and many  later i will stop using. Too many Bad Chinese eBay supp "
"Chinese man..."
"Following good points made by  &amp; , here is what David Schlesinger, formerly Reuters China, s "
" : Dami nilang Chinese tradition dito#INBSalarin"
" GAME CAFE GORO-CHAYA-Sun:00-24:00 on weekend:+tax&amp;1drink "
"    Was  with her husband and children and broth "
" : Before 2016, most Chinese women wanting plastic surgeries preferred the internet celebrity face featuring big eyes and hig"
"Air China will launch its new route between London Heathrow and Chengdu today (2 April 2019). The 3x weekly flight "
"  interessant al die rechtse mensen die perse in een chinese auto willen rijden (volvo) ;-)"
"Check out what I found. Vintage Chinese Oriental Style Open Display Unit Bevelled Glass Shelving Shelf  "
" : Ipoh mali phrase actually used during 1950s - 1970s in KL brothels that supply prostitutes to customers who prefer Chinese p"
" : Women have become the main players in the Chinese consumer market. The women market, or so-called  economy, is expec"
"The lost courses of China: The Chinese government crackdown on golf has resulted in some of the country highest "
"The Chinese would be so far ahead if they just switched from chopstick to spork. "
"Might as well let Chinese know China is to be bombed!"
"The Chinese KNOW very well that they have the support of Plastic Leaders who will always protect them. FROM State H "
" : A Chinese click farm.  organic or free range.  ://t.co/mQL83vedAR"
" : ,682,732 area"
" : #Guangzhou authorities announced they would begin offering cash rewards to people who report  religious activities"
"Chinese Mining destroying land and wrecking locals' health in Solomon Islands | Newshub "
" borrowed $3b in Eurobond market and they have sizable Chinese lending in projects and hence debt service ha "
"         "
" :   our greedy leaders doesn't care about the Future THEY care about whats in there for them...the future"
"OUTSTANDING ANTIQUE CHINESE HETIAN SPINACH JADE BAMBOO CARVED BANGLE/KASAYA RING "
"Why is he an American entrepreneur, and not a Chinese-American entrepeneur?  really triggers me hahaha. I get "
" I presume Kitty will also be asking for less black teachers in Nigerian schools, less Asian teacher "
" chinese woman?"
"Chinese kindergarten teacher detained for poisoning 23 children "
"Taiwan will forcefully expel PLA warplanes next time: Tsai Ing-wen | South China Morning Post "
" Baboy talaga yun mga mainland Chinese na yan."
"Chinese,European,American,Asian beauties are waiting for you"
"Chinese,European,American,Asian beauties are waiting for you"
" Gibraltar is a Colony ! Its location on the Iberian peninsula makes it more Spanish &amp; should be han "
" : Documentary paintings of traditional Chinese drama in the Imperial court, Qing Dynasty (1616-1912), courtesy of Palace Mus"
"  It's a low barrier. If I had to succeed someone in a job and look good, I'd pick someone w "
" : Did you know... from Black Caribbean, Black-African, Chinese and South Asian backgrounds are more at risk of Ty"
"Keep the Chinese government away from 5G technology "
" : A Q&amp;A with the founders of Beijing's new writers' collective and literary magazine, Spittoon! The group not only transl"
" :  Firstly, 10 dollars alone is 3600, then all those Chinese Yen can amount to like 2000 Sha, everything for yo"
" The brother of my sister's friend (he's chinese) started dating an Italian girl he met at online on "
"Chinese boxer trounces stereotypes, depression to become  of the Ring  "
" "
" Interesting!  How can you help to foster your students Chinese culture?  This could be your leadership project topic!"
"Readout from Chinese side quotes Jacinda Ardern as saying  equipment and tech is an important component of N "
"Most Beautiful Chinese Girls Dance Compilations! [2019] -[Newest Edition... "
"kada uwi ko linggo-linggo laging may dumadagdag na chinese na store dami ko na rin nakakasabay sa pila ng trike hay "
"Chinese tech giant #Tencent plans $5 billion dollar #bond sale: sources "
"#Afghanistan Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children's porridge #Afghanistan"
" : Climate change threatens national security, said the woman who employed a Chinese spy for 20 years. "
" Why would anyone consult the woman who had a Chinese spy working for her for 20 years and also tried "
"Just want game of thrones season 8 and a Chinese in my life"
"    and question Chinese first"
"No complaints here #viewsfordays : Red Chinese Ting LakeEolaPark: "
"US-China trade war inactivity could lead to the  recession in recent Chinese history, says scholar | South C "
"The Man Who Bet on Chinese Debt "
"U.S. and Chinese Manufacturing Stabilize, While Europe Lags Behind by  "
"Diplomats, activists slam #China 'threats' at U.N. rights council over Beijing's treatment of Uighur Muslims in Xin "
"#HandsoffourGrindr? The US Committee on Foreign Investment in the US, has pushed Beijing Kunlun Tech (a Chinese t "
"as of end of 2018, the country total project debt exposure to China was only six-tenths of one percent of the co "
"://t.co/daGWoK7hNS"
"  You are really funny. If xi is standing in the way of China's development, why di "
" "
" lifts its Chinese veil: check out the latest #GlobalSpectator post by  on the #ElcanoBlog "
"...citizen organ donation consent/refusal in the future, it turns into a pro/con donation talk. When there's a disc "
" :   Except the money isn't from China (it's even in the letter); it's from international delegates of Teoc"
"Chinese authorities offer rewards to those who snitch on Christians - Premier "
"#NBimpression #FuninNB Over 100 young people are celebrating Flower Admiring Day in Lvye Villa. Flower Admiring Day "
"Let CongressParty &amp; its President declare their official position on PAKISTAN TERRORISM THREAT TO INDIA; CHINA'S SU "
""
"China vs. Silicon Valley -  companies usually focus on the scale first and defensibility later. Valley focu "
"Why is the chinese words so hard to read ... "
" CNN Apple has slashed prices on iPhones, iPads and other products on its official Chinese website "
"#ebay why does ebay reply to me in chinese when i place my order in english?  I have my location setting as being i "
" : From Lyman van Slyke's Enemies and Friends: The United Front in Chinese Communist History, CA 1967. What's changed sinc"
"  Its already a big Flop in India, Now Y they r taking suck risk in releasing Manika "
" : I hired three Chinese women to play online games with me. And it was the most flattering experience I had. "
"The University of Chinese Academy of Sciences (UCAS) is inviting applications for its Doctoral Programs for Interna "
" The Chinese regime is quickly acquiring lots of soft/cultural power abroad."
"  Just looked at your bio... I'm sure Turkish, Indian, Polish, Chinese etc music is "
"From the traditional Lion Dance to games involving Baijiu, and supporting a local charity, visit our blog to find o "
" : Our Chinese buyers learning the secrets behind the perfect Irish Coffee and helping out the bar staff with the whiskey mea"
"The 8th Hainan Wenchang Nanyang Cultural Festival opened yesterday. Over 300 overseas Chinese from over 10 countrie "
"Playing. Chinese. Teams. On.  Inferno "
"Eyes double chinese like top and bottom when she smiles"
"I wouldnt have ever learned these in my 12 yrs of studying chinese "
" "
"Bakit ang popogi ng mga Chinese na Darren"
"China Vs US: Fears of conflict SOAR after Chinese jets buzz Taiwan - ... "
" "
"Hundreds of Chinese vessels circling Pag-asa Island: military "
" "
" : I am pleased to announce that I wll be making a comeback to  in China in the Chinese GP in 2 weeks time #f1 #ChineseGP"
" : A state-run newspaper in China reported that flights by Chinese fighter jets through the Taiwan Strait over the weeken"
",682,732 area "
" The Chinese government is right. are the Han nationality as the main nationality of this country. "
"Satellite Photos Show Chinese Anti-Satellite Laser Base "
"#EcoCCC #budget19CCC Chinese economy, Japanese Economy, European Economy all slowing. Aus in the 28th year of conse "
"why do people always forget that mainland chinese armys exist and than half of them dont know about ig or use twt m "
"Gen. Arevalo: Walang nakikitang aggressive behavior on their part ( Chinese sa Pag-Asa Island)."
""
"Thanking fics for expanding my chinese vocabulary with some COUGH interesting terms "
"i want a snack pack but i also want crappy chinese i just want food"
"READ  | And not only there a problem of Chinese working illegally here in the Philippines, but also there are Fi "
"How can farmers manage land for economic as well as environmental benefits?  and Chinese Academy of S "
"Chinese economy has slowed. AUS is in it's 28th consecutive year of growth. #EcoCCC #Budget19CCC #Budget2019"
"Pilipinas ... Pilipinas ....tsk tsk tsk.://t.co/xKCpi0P2j5 "
"Antique Chinese Vase Qianlong Mark Peking glass Hand-painted enamel with Flowers &amp; Birds "
"   So its a huge car like  Harrier. I heard some Chinese connection in it. Is it?"
"Gen. Arevalo: Hindi  tayo naniniwala na mga Chinese militia ang mga ito (ang nasa Pag-asa Island)."
"Chinese investors pour $10bn into new funds  #ETF"
"Southwestern Chinese city Kunming held the expo in 1999."
"For 71 Years of Pakistan's existence, Pakistan grew at Mediocre 4% despite all types of Civilian &amp; Military Governm "
"Chinese Vice Premier Liu He will lead a delegation to Washington starting on April 3 with a visit to Beijing by U.S "
" : Chinese president meets The Elders delegation "
"A Chinese businessman was quoted saying Nigeria is like China in the 1970's and 1980's where you can start a busine "
"Those who know much speak little. Those who speak much know little. - Chinese Prover"
" Because it's pro dev but anti-consumer. Lacks user reviews, forums, proper feedback systems, and datamine "
"EUTenders: .EU_Growth #tenders World Bridge Tourism - increase the flow of Chinese travellers in the EU and stimula "
"The government has strictly implemented the RA 10654 on small fisherfolks, but still allowed Chinese fishermen to i "
"CHINESE NAME: Jiang S Q"
" In terms of increasing % of japanese english and  words is mind-bending. It feels like reading "
" Would the mouthpiece of the American Mid-West evangelists care to ask NASA if the Space Station is at "
"CF Vanguard (NYC) Premium (late game tide turn!) Link Joker Vs Murakumo ... "
"#bbc Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children's porridge #asia"
"gdi ive been slacking at studying chinese and french "
" : I don't understand somebody tell me what's going on? is there a drunk chinese man push-ups on my front lawn?"
"Due to the promotion of steam in convenience and perfect integrated services, the scale of Chinese cracking games i "
" Ewan ko dyan mga tangang DDS na yan? Nakakita ng  porn kala mo kalevel ng chinese vessel sa west phil "
" : Une prison chinoise installe des cam intelligentes pour surveiller ses d "
" : Ini baru kisah kerja dengan Japanese. Udah 3x gw kerja sama Japanese, klo pake standar kenyamanan sendiri sebagai pegawai lokal"
"  Then again all era names use Chinese readings, so nothing new here. Not the first one that starts with r either."
"To All Filipino-Chinese Community here in Pasay!  u so much ! Khen Magat for Councilor Pasay City Dist "
" : 13th Single!!   music"
" When they say 'you seriously like those Chinese people' with a digusted face....  'they just loo "
"Where have the Chinese public intellectuals gone? "
"  And how does that make it different? If he didn make that video, would that make the "
"This 3-in-1 vehicle is the world longest electric bus, apparently - Here's a bus so long that in foggy weather th "
"Chinese auto #finance company Shanghai Dongzheng Automotive Finance sold 25% stake in a USD 208mn #IPO on the Hong "
"Chinese Dissidents Feel Heat of Beijing Wrath. Even in Canada. "
"Patriot games: Xi Jinping dream of Chinese World Cup begins with thousands of footballing toddlers "
"Chinese manufacturing activity expanded unexpectedly in March, at its fastest pace in eight months, reports CNBC  "
" : US Deems Grindr's Chinese Parent Company 'National Security Risk "
"   I think Polish pilots had something to do with it.  The point is that "
" : Mga lahing chinese.#INBSalarin"
" Do you know that there are thousands of fans of Borderlands in China? Many of my friends wait 3 for man "
"  Agar main Chinese mixed hu toh tum ko ka dhuk hai?? tum toh salee kaali africa ki monkey ho "
" : Fancy exploring urban food systems in Chinese and European cities? Great #postdoc opp with my fab  colleag"
"Ukraine's Naftogaz receives $1 bln Chinese loan://t.co/Ha1n698s1H "
" Everyone making snide comments, just take 5min and study what happened in Mosul. Also the market leader "
"Procedurally generated Chinese Shan shui landscape ink paintings  "
" Chinese food  #win"
"Luxurious Chinese fine dining with an impressive garden at Royal China - DIFC "
"Chinese Delegation Visits Institute of Technology Carlow. #InternationalVisit "
"Xi #dream of Chinese World Cup begins with footballing toddlers - South China Morning Post#FIFAWorldCup  "
" : Homogeneous InGaSb crystal grown under microgravity using Chinese recovery satellite SJ-10 #engineering #physics ://t"
" ayeaye haha, expanding my chinese vocab with fics and a pretty interesting one too "
"The Chinese people make Techno phones but when you get to China, they all using iPhones and Samsung. Africa is what "
" : Homeless Shanghai Man Achieves Internet Stardom "
"#mumbaifoodtalkies #paneersatay #streetgourmet #lipsmacker #delicious #chinese #starters #appetizer #peanutsauce "
"Tired of daily traffic jams, concrete high-rises and fast-paced life in big cities? Join the growing number of Chin "
" Because Andrew Robb needed a job with the Chinese?"
" :  Kobo   4  "
"Fortescue taps Chinese demand for high grade ore with $3.7b deal "
"/zh w sh zh xi de f ./"
"Une prison chinoise installe des cam intelligentes pour surveiller ses d "
"i wanna learn chinese so baaad"
" : Chinese technology giants elbow into fast-growing Tibet. GDP of Tibet grew by 9.1% in 2018, tying with Guizhou Province for fir"
"#BonAnniversaireSt: #St Had A Word With Us://t.co/u3oy2p9zLf   "
"Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children's porridge "
"It's official, our Chinese trademarks have been granted! These are in addition to already issued #trademarks from t "
"Diplomats, activists decry Chinese 'threats' at UN rights council "
"Electrifying Chinese pianist  is described by Paavo J as  of the most outstanding and passionate "
" With a stupid president like Duterte, it is not only possible, it is already happening now, so start le "
" : Chinese shows willingness to enhance strategic partnership with Arab League "
"Chinese Praise and Dance Song  for New Life in the Kingdom (English) "
"Mga lahing chinese.#INBSalarin"
"Chinese army arrives in #Venezuela just days after the #Russian miltary "
"Now posting the 98th issue ... about the Chinese ethnic rape that died ... and the accusation that ORBA was cruel and Prabowo was inside ..."
" : Chinese Taipei pair relish their India Open triumph  #HSBCBWFbadminton #HSBCRaceToGuangzhou "
" The Homefront series was that- but they had to change it to Norks, otherwise it wouldn't be allowed to be "
"The Chinese government said it will continue to suspend additional duties on US auto imports, in response to the US "
"          "
" Then what? These structures were made during pnoy admin and I wonder if their talks were even effec "
" Would the mouthpiece of the American Mid-West evangelists care to ask NASA if the Space Station is at a "
"my chinese friend jasmin joy... pls take the floor HAHAHAHA"
" : Few years from now, our industry might vastly be invaded by the chinese people. Opportunities might be better for them,"
" . is what he said :  good thing is that it is low enough and over time this will all dissipate "
" CPEC is used to smuggle pakistani women tube sold to rich chinese.://t.co/37f95pHEKM "
"Hayyysss "
" :  Baluchistan is not running out of resources yet! They ll compromise it by giving #Gawadar on lease to chin"
" We must remember #Turkey previously announced an interest in purchasing a #Chinese Air Defence System an "
"Language: Korean (Fluent), English, Chinese (Basic), Japanese (Basic): Sports, Eloquence: 2007 SM Casting System"
"Someone want to tell me how I went to jades last night for a a few drinks and a chinese and this morning I got a "
"The NYTimes argues that state-directed purchases of US goods will only increase the Chinese government control ov "
"Chinese shows willingness to enhance strategic partnership with Arab League "
" : We thank  for selectively remaining silent against the Chinese because they fund us to run propaganda against"
"you cannot force people to buy substandard Nigerian products because you want to curb importation, you have to ensu "
"Tried to donate to a gofundme without my bank card to hand, so did a dummy Just Eat order on my phone to try to get "
"I can't wait! Hopefully there's Traditional Chinese support with Japanese audio! "
"Van groeiwonder naar gevaarlijke reus - De Chinese groeimotor hapert, maar of China zich van het groeipad laat stot "
"  Ironydie.1000s of Kashmiri Pundits Killed-Raped-exempted to favour Muslims Anarchy, still None com "
""
" Could you plan to make the books in Chinese?"
"But actually I don speak Chinese that fluently anymore either. I was told to do interviews in Chinese recently if "
". #tenders World Bridge Tourism - increase the flow of Chinese travellers in the EU and stimulate investm "
"  .. immediately, as quickly as possible! The Chinese, African &amp; Middle East markets would have signed.."
"Yin Qi, the brainchild behind Megvii software Face++. The Chinese government has already been using this technolo "
" Is this supposed to be Chinese lololol"
"Wall Street goedgeluimd om Chinese data "
"    I wouldn't be at all surprised if it was someone in the ALP w "
"So called Traditional Chinese is ordinary Chinese only. Traditional Chinese is changing from old days to future, not outdated."
"I demand chinese lumpia for gradball"
"The ideological suspicion and competition between the U.S. and China has been woefully underappreciated. "
" Anyone who has the budget to make a movie like that would either have Chinese investors or would want to "
"Tibetan activists and monks have developed paralysis and eye problems in Chinese run prisons. details below:://t.co/t3MKnk7zpe"
"Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children's porridge "
"LESSON OF THE DAY : PICK A NERDY CHINESE AND FLI HIM! WHO KNOWS HE MIGHT BE A WORLDWIDE HANDSOME LATER ON!!! "
"  Whereas when #China is angered is because #Taiwan has been  or someone has  "
"Huawei issues could pose UK security risks, say authorities://t.co/aZEiMe67Sd"
"No Chinese debt trap, no seizure of PH assets, Dominguez says "
" : 11000 ads by helo a Chinese company was taken down by . It seems abt 7 cr was spent on these ads as per The Pri"
"Chinese Automaker Jiangling Forced to Stop Production of its Range Rover Evoque Copy - "
"Hainan Airlines has announced the launch of a weekly non-stop service between the southwestern Chinese city of Guiy "
" "
"Chinese visitor numbers to South Korea up by more than 30% this past February, with Chinese accounting for 37.7% of "
""
"I need President confirm I am not the model of Xia Meng, the na and stupid daughter of a Chinese rich businessman."
" (d) noun meaning tour guide in Chinese #Chinese #tour guide"
"    So now the Chinese are in Indian Stock Market services also. They support "
" : Lillian Li () will be reading from her novel Number One Chinese Restaurant &amp; answering your questions!"
"Fill the gap![He stood aside, no longer impeding her route to the bathroom.]:) B) C)  _  _  _ "
"Reorder the sentence![It's always been near and dear to his heart.])  B)  C)  D)  E)  )  G)  "
"Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children's porridge "
"Lan Yu is a Chinese fashion designer in Beijing, China. She is one of China's new generation of designers and is co "
"Chinese Dissidents Feel Heat of Beijing Wrath. Even in Canada. "
"~://t.co/pCsYYbUmtq.... Chinese Film Festival  "
" :    Ironydie.1000s of Kashmiri Pundits Killed-Raped-exempted to favour Muslims Anarchy, still"
"In a bid to expand the teaching and learning of Mandarin Chinese, the Swire Chinese Language Centre is a partnershi "
" you are depressed, you are living in the past. If you are anxious, you are living in the future. If you are at "
"Are you at risk? This webinar provides background and mitigation techniques on Chinese malicious cyber activity tar "
"A Q&amp;A with the founders of Beijing's new writers' collective and literary magazine, Spittoon! The group not only tr "
"Selesai je kenduri doa selamat tadi. Jiran chinese i tolong kemas weyyyyy. Aku terharu gila dapat jiran jiran macam "
"As expected... "
"Hot Chinese girl with 4 Asian brothers P.1 "
" : Interested in Chinese OCG in Canada? Alex Chung is an authority on this - check out his new books here... "
"Madre m me estoy ahogando de lo cutre que soy my first Chinese pronunciation joke and its this s*it qu soy as"
"Chinese army arrives in Venezuela just days after the Russian miltary "
" : [WTS/LFB] photocards Sehun DMUMT Moderato ver.- P400 Xiumin DMUMT Allegro ver.- P350 Xiumin SFY Korean ver.- P300"
"Thinking about Arabic, Chinese, French, German, Italian, and Spanish translations of my new book. Any publishers ou "
"Just Recieved $2 From A Chinese Guys Tell Me I'll Refund Or What have you bought"
"Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children's porridge "
"Interested in Chinese OCG in Canada? Alex Chung is an authority on this - check out his new books here... "
" : When a Chinese billionaire opens a new factory in an abandoned Ohio GM plant, cultures collide in the profound, amusin"
" Baluchistan is not running out of resources yet! They ll compromise it by giving #Gawadar on lease "
" : Fears that the Philippines may default on Chinese loans come from those that have no faith in the country, the Department of F"
" "
" I think we need to ask you about your business interests and contacts made while opening and expandi "
" It's a variation on the old Chinese curse: May you live in eventful times"
" Yeah but I like money. So I can't make something the Chinese government would immediately censor/kill me for."
"  "
" But then we had more Chinese in Johor for instance. Capital went straight back to the motherland. How?"
" : Chinese Riddle: a man does not tweet does he exist?"
"It's difficult to imagine the magnitude of China's ambition. This campus town gives you just a glimpse of that. Thi "
" : Chinese President #XiJinping on Monday extended congratulations on the launch ceremony of the 2019 Year of Tourism for #China"
" "
" "
"[Trivia] Tenten's hobby is fortune-telling. Her favourite foods are Sesame dumplings, Chinese food, and Pickled plums."
"  I doubt with this: Eskom should be borrowing from SARB rather than from foreign state banks "
" Chinese Rocket company successfully demonstrates 'landing' of rocket "
"    "
" The way I look at it, we were all slaves.  The Chinese built our railways. The Swedes and Finn's in MN w "
"  "
"big oof i have been so into watching chinese drama hahahah"
"Nissan's battery business now under Chinese ownership - Envision AESC aiming to be No 2 globally "
"what languages do you speak?  german, english, chinese and japanese! "
" shixut bo shixun? sehun chinese name"
"          "
"New images of an unknown #Chinese advanced sailless submarine. The design is relatively small, about ~50m long &amp; 5. "
"Jacinda Ardern keeps quiet on comments to Chinese Government about human rights abuses "
" : Who likes Kung Fu? tomorrow's #ChineseHour, we will be talking about Chinese martial arts through movies and songs. A"
"  I will agree with this. Suspect it is to provide a bulwark against NK and in a way cont "
"EJKs, Rape Jokes, Farmers being Killed, China onerous loans, Filipino Fishermen being harassed by Chinese Vessels "
"Meet the man who bet on Chinese debt "
" i have sameer's chinese collared shirt "
"BBC News - Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children's porridge "
"Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children porridge "
" : Ming Dynasty(?) Chinese Puzzle Ball, nested spheres made from a single piece of ivory.. "
"The  brief:  Asian/ Chinese style with a modern London twist. Lane talks through her process to m "
"    the big three. kindly announce naman that there are check "
" hello.I'm also a  form Chinese  and from Shanxi province. maybe sometimes we could practice our oral English"
"://t.co/3hVstxDj5"
"Mga Chinese vessels sa Pag-Asa Island dapat nang umalis ayon sa Palasyo "
"Stories of some ethnic Kazakh students from China who are now hiding in Turkey to escape Chinese political prison c "
"kenapa chinese hensemmmm"
" "
"Shanghai to become 1st Chinese city to have 5G network "
" Wouldn't work for $. Coudn't get money on chinese market and making chinese the villain would make many p "
"Once the accurate satellite path and other data is known, directed energy weapons located at five different places "
"Chinese Christian Prisoner of Conscience Adopted by Congressional Human Rights Commission://t.co/28eZvBw0lk "
" : [] 4       .://t.co/ClC8YKUr4U "
"My #Chinese Appetite: Yunnan cuisine "
" "
"  While you're in #Thumamina,  Eskom should be borrowing from SARB rather than from foreign state "
" : [TRANS] 160319 Dylan Wang weibo update - Getting off work  curing all illnesses (t/n: word play - the"
"We are looking for a new team member! You will be working as a guide &amp; partner for #German/#Chinese clients/partner "
" "
" : !! !!!  !!  !   ~!!    ! !  "
"Joke at #IPBCShenzhen:  the Chinese Academy of Sciences is suing you, you should just give up, right? ar "
"Blimey, if this analysis is right, we are in for some more, very interesting*, times.[*as in the Chinese curse] "
"#996icuThe name Work by  '996', sick in ICU, an ironic saying among Chinese pr "
"Chinese Premier Li Keqiang will attend 21st China-EU summit in Brussels, Belgium, which runs from April 8-12 and wi "
" "
"this idiot chinese so bad wts  she write cee yang cai"
" : Zo dan, heftig. Zeker 30 Chinese brandweerlieden overleden bij bestrijding bosbranden "
" : They are our 'all weather friends' but the trail of destruction left by some of the Chinese mining companies tells a differ"
"#year #1990 #chinese #zodiac #zodiacsign #years://t.co/Kl7juPzonX"
" : New Post - A revelation by the East Yorkshire coast. a new definition of p****d-when you order a Chinese takeaway then"
" : Prime Minister Ranil is the correct person to take on the Chinese and Pakistani stooges there. "
"Hello,Our new class will begin on April "
" : In case anyone doubted Chinese fentanyl and fentanyl-like drugs were not State sponsored mass murder directed at US+Canada,"
"Chinese #macro surprises have entered positive territory again! "
"    "
" : ://t.co/BrNZNhE2kp#ebichu # # # # # #reiwa # "
"#ebichu # "
" :  So that Chinese ladies could noe bring in their cup of taho."
" Good evening! Your work is cute and great! Can I transfer it to Chinese social site weibo? I promise I "
"  Chinese Communists buying Trump right in front of our eyes and on. American soil. Jesus, "
" : Let me know whether you have fulfilled your Chinese Organic Teas compliant tea and orthodox tea purchase you are still"
" half chinese half garter"
" :  Since this post was published, more Chinese-language newspapers have been digitised too, including the Tung Wah Tim"
" Good point. It's also not something exclusive to Afrocentrics, of course, even if the latter are more "
" : Chinese kindergarten teacher detained for poisoning 23 children ://t.co/dHIrEuGJSg"
"The Dow and broader U.S. stock market surged on Monday after better than expected Chinese data eased concerns about "
"Prominent Underground Church Remains Defiant as Chinese Officials Shut Down Ministry, Interrogate Congregation"
"Top Star Magazine Birthday Event  vote for No. 6 Aron for both Korean and Chinese poll!!! "
" : The military last week expressed concern over hundreds of Chinese vessels that have been almost stationary near the i"
" : China's missiles could dust the US military in minutes  here's what would happen if they tried: ://t.co/vTkv14XER"
" | T   "
" : The trip to Guangzhou makes Chinese mothers love you more. Welcome to China again.#MarkSiwat#"
"[BOT] Amber communicates with Vict in Chinese"
"Philippines protests over Chinese vessels in disputed waters "
"Patience and the mulberry leaf becomes a silk gown. - Chinese prover"
"Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children's porridge - BBC News "
"Tiv people really think Sinoni is the best Chinese restaurant in Abuja. Sigh."
"Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children's porridge "
"Chinese boxer trounces stereotypes, depression to become 'Queen of the Ring' "
"China's missiles could dust the US military in minutes  here's what would happen if they tried:  "
"   You do know that humans and chimps DNA are 98% similar, right? If you s "
"Over 40% of Chinese corp bonds are rated AAA by 4 local ratings agencies, compared to just 2% in the US "
" ^^*"
"I take it David Davis is learning Chinese because that who be leading the world while we squabble over beans "
"I just learnt the definition of  in Written Chinese Dictionary "
" : Chinese Runner/Production Assistant "
"Did you know... are roughly 6,500 spoken languages in the world today. However, about 2,000 of those languag "
"The RA 10654 aims to prevent, deter and eliminate ILLEGAL, UNREPOED AND UNREGULATED FISHING. strikto ng "
"Apple has slashed prices on iPhones, iPads and other products on its official Chinese website "
" Dan bsok msh all chinese jg Yufei vs Xiaoxin"
"  They were not circling as you said but what, fishing? Fishing in our claimed territory &amp; ye "
" restaurant "
"Many countries will continue to use low-cost equipment from the Chinese company. "
" : An enterprising young Brit has named over 600,000 Chinese babies, just extraordinary. "
" : Chinese Runner/Production Assistant "
"The Man Who Bet on Chinese Debt  "
"Prominent Underground Church Remains Defiant as Chinese Officials Shut Down Ministry, Interrogate Congregation "
"San Diego Has Been Turned Into A Massive Chinese-Style Public Surveillance Network: "
" ~~ ^^"
"  Haha! Come over, take out land, force us to change our beliefs, kill us, but don you d "
"   I bet the guy on the tube with the Chinese has a  this day Facebook status written about us."
"Eat-all-you-can LUNCH and DINNER only at Yeah Yeah Chinese Cuisine "
"No Chinese debt trap, no seizure of PH assets, Dominguez says "
"Chinese video service Bilibili launches $621M offering"
"  "
" :      23       ,     ://t.co/50OdsBKXgq  #China #K"
" "
" kinda weird. So like when I meet other Chinese people here they sometimes are suprised with my name as "
" :   Hope it shall also try &amp; highlight how our sentiments were hit when Chichha Nehru let that dreade"
" So that Chinese ladies could noe bring in their cup of taho."
"#Khunjerab border (between #China &amp; #Pakistan) has opened on 1st  of April and first Chinese Tourist Group has arri "
"Our Caloocan chapter medical team urgently treated and rushed a patient to Chinese General Hospital this afternoon "
"My #Chinese Appetite: Yunnan cuisine "
"Alibaba President Mike Evans: You have to be patient with the Chinese consumer, but they are very good at telling "
"Chinese scientists have discovered that the absence of a certain #protein in Drosophila melanogaster, or vinegar fl "
"My #Chinese Appetite: Yunnan cuisine "
"Ulysses app doesnt italicize Chinese characters, which coincides the practice of not using fake italic Chinese fonts"
"Positief over Chinese schuld: Gisteren werden Chinese onshore RMB-obligaties in de belangrijkste wereldwijde obliga "
"     23       ,     ://t.co/50OdsBKXgq "
"Mihrigul Tursun survived torture and beatings in a Chinese internment camp in Xinjiang. She shared her story in a M "
"Beijing willing to step in to aid Wang Xiyue, Chinese-American scholar imprisoned in Iran, his wife says "
" Malaria is affecting me too much.. I mean no harm... Leave my sister jor. We are doing Chinese on Friday "
" "
" Kobo   4  "
"Chinese  "
".chinese "
"   Communist support? You mean slavia support in the Sinobo stadium? The both is owne "
" :  (y b y), which means  do you want? is a very useful phrase that you can learn for everyday conversation."
" Extra charges for non Chinese customers"
"Apple has slashed prices on iPhones, iPads and other products on its official Chinese website "
"Today i weighed in on the 'defiant' inflation figures being churned by KNBS. And also that Kenya is set to sign a S "
"Heathrow welcomes new services to Home of the Giant Panda Chengdu, the 12th Chinese route on the airport net "
"Hisense reconocida como una de las mejores marcas por BrandZ Top 10 Chinese Global Brand Builders "
"Chinese authorities offer rewards to those who snitch on Christians - Premier "
" "
" Sorry, no steam no buy, because I Chinese. Fuck Epic, Epic is racist !"
" Well it always has been a cheap chinese knockoff of the good Korean phones"
"Chinese authorities accused of intimidating Uyghurs in Australia "
"  Ok, I see. The Chinese context would be found anywhere there is a geopolitical interest. S "
" :  baby PLAN is so cute!! CHINESE mommy's cutest baby#bplannnnn#PlanRathavit##"
" Total money conversion is about 15, 800 naira.  Chinese yuan + 10 dollars + 3 thousand naira.. "
"  Now, please check if Chinese, Somalians &amp; Pakistani sent you the remuneration for the m "
"zhulong (  ) : torch dragon. a giant red draconic solar deity in Chinese mythology. it created day and night by o "
" "
"Lenovo proposed Lenovo Smart China On April 1st,   with #China  Phoenix Metropolis Media Lau "
"  Because that is the least you can do after allowing chinese to enter SCS. In the first "
"   Why argue about something that Kenya doesn't own nor operate. SGR is Chinese through and through."
"'s state oil and gas firm Naftogaz has secured Chinese backing that will open the way to as much as $1 bill "
"China boasts some of the wealthiest people on the planet, most whose personal fortunes can dwarf treasuries of med "
" : JACKSON WANG FROM CHINA A chinese kid that loves music#toannoysomehaters  #Jacksonwang # # # # "
"To leftists, foreign meddling is okay as long as it's not the US or the rest of the West. Hence their silence as th "
"CHINESE KA EH BAKIT PILIPINA  AHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHA 1/2 LANG BOSS OK AYAN : maging isang dalagang 1/2 chine "
" Mo Dao Zu Shi :&gt; It's a nice chinese novel turned manhua turned animation(donhua)!! It has slight bl them "
" : Chinese app  is a new Modi hater in town.  nuisance, working hard to refrain #Modi to come into power,"
" The real question which Africans are yet to figure out is what is the interest of the Chinese in giving "
"Few decade back Muslim invader from middle East came to Bharat and did same then Islamic Republic of Pakistan born "
"#China's counter #space capabilities in #EMP, #pulse generators being trialed &amp; #laser #ASAT weapons deployed. "
"Censorship Is Not Just Something Uniquely Chinese - "
"Ruiniation of the PC market, their scummt company that steals from artists, tencent, their launcher with 1% of the "
"Scientists from the Chinese Academy of Sciences and #Peking discovered the critical role of CBX4 in counteracting c "
"New Zealand has been a pacesetter among Western developed countries in terms of relations with China, Chinese Presi "
"Cultural Course: Chinese Brush Painting painting is one of the oldest artistic traditions in the world. Th "
"Huawei soon roll out foldable phone technology tech giant Huawei CEO Richard Yu commented about the fold "
" :  Chinese love jihad"
"yesss si top 1 PLE nasa dyaryo na chinese "
" erm can read Japanese using google translate Google translate is not fully right "
"Pakistan's Khan dodges questions on mass Chinese detention of Muslims "
" Tama wala nga silang pakialam kung dumagsa mg Chinese kung marami ang namatay,ang usaping  isla natin "
"The paper highlights what many have said. The Chinese are not interested in technology transfer - even when they sa "
"Second, railway construction and operation contracts are major business opportunities for (state-own "
"Quirky Chinese film Dead Pigs is also part of our short selection of films from around the world for this year's "
"I found a paper on the project - it attempts to be objective. It doesn't deny Chinese interests in this, but conten "
"Hey guys, I have started my own educational consultancy business in China, providing confirmed admissions and schol "
" Last time I looked, it was politicians and businesses that drive arms sales. Unless we're talking "
"Chinese electric vehicle start-up Leap Motors has revealed the C-More ahead of a public debut for the new SUV conce "
" I doing this with Chinese lol"
"Blown away by the hospitality and warmth of the Phuket Old Town community. The Peranakan people have lived in Phuke "
"Homeless Shanghai Man Achieves Internet Stardom "
" : ye shuhua  #  : shuhua  # : maknae, visual, : 00/01/06 : "
"Una storia di cibo molto antica! "
" : Baffled by #Meituan otherworldly loss of CNY 115.4B (USD 17.2B) //  latest Chinese unicorn to suffer post-listing sl"
" : Taiwan's Mainland Affairs Council vows to take a close look at Chinese activity in other industries as well.://t.co/2f0H0hb8"
"  Hope it shall also try &amp; highlight how our sentiments were hit when Chichha Nehru let tha "
"(via "
"Twenty-three pupils at a kindergarten in central China were taken to hospital last week after a teacher allegedly p "
"Vietnam Empty Forests - "
"Alibaba President Mike Evans: The Chinese consumer is a very young, very smart and wealthy group of consumers. The "
" : Tomorrow kicks off our China Regional Forum in #Beijing! Chinese cities are taking bold climate action to slash emissions fr"
"Apple has slashed prices on iPhones, iPads and other products on its official Chinese website "
" : Would you like to give me a kiss?? I really wanna one!:  From Netease Lofter.# #bingqiu #ScumVillains"
"Pozv na konferenci do  (samoz nejedu).  t:  the Road to Electrification: the Chin "
" "
"She looks like a Chinese actress in a historical drama here  "
" We've had a chinese/Mongolian plane with Tarkir. I'd like to see Korean."
"Ardern had a long lunch with Premier Li Keqiang, who extended his condolences over the Christchurch terrorist atta "
"    It is racist to describe a multinational as Chinese. Why not just "
" :  seems like those types of really simplistic purchasing commitment type of arrangements would actually reinforce [Chinese]"
"Toni: In the news at 11am | Tsumkwe grapples with out-of-service mortuaries | Zambia expresses concern over SA xeno "
" 666 was 5th was bankrupt! Kushner  has traveled the world seeking financing on our dime! Kushner is a self- "
" : Will of a Tiger:  brothers American, one Chinese, imprisoned, tortured. Survival is just the beginnin"
"Fourteen farmers were gunned down in Negros Oriental. Filipino fishermen are being harassed and driven off their fi "
" Sweet Chinese money "
"UN diplomats and activists describe Chinese pressure and  over Uygur event at UN rights council -  "
" : Adhi life to yahi clear krne me guzr gya hai k I am not chinese I am Pakistani "
"With 27 galleries n art centres showcasing the works of emerging n established artists, famed #798 Art District hel "
" : Btw, hello everybody, I just want y'all to meet Darren Wang, the lead actor of the Chinese movie, It started with a Kiss."
"     Plus: a border shutdown would drive a further/deeper wedge b "
"Don discriminate against our firms, Xi tells New Zealand Xi Jinping called upon New Zealand on Monday "
"Philippines protests hundreds of Chinese ships around disputed island "
"        "
"%  "
" #MondaysReview$USD initially fell against major currencies after upbeat Chinese manufacturing data signalled t "
"Get bowled over with live screenings as wicked as our food! Which side will you be cheering for?#wickedchina "
"Japan deployed hundreds of troops and missile units on its southwest islands on March 26, in a move to counter Chin "
"So why would the Washington Post be against the Chinese doing any Communist thing? or is something else at stake "
"Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children's porridge "
""
"What are you going to sell to Chinese now? "
"Chinese and Arab officials and experts envision building a Space Silk Road through wider application of the Chine "
"Chinese duck meat producers upbeat about the industry's export outlook after #EU starts to grant more low-tariff qu "
"Skdkdkdk pls im so scared when texting my chinese teacher that i pull up my chinese dictionary for every word :')))"
"Who likes Kung Fu? tomorrow's #ChineseHour, we will be talking about Chinese martial arts through movies and son "
"Since Tunisia began offering visa-free entry to Chinese tourists in 2017, the country welcomed 27,900 Chinese arriv "
" Give the Chinese the contract, the rest will be history.  The facts and figures(itimization) are lack "
" Okay first of all, i didn't know you're chinese as well wow. My birthname is , (Danle i think?) I'm b "
"Ingenious way of spreading fake videos also. The note put in is a green  note and the one that comes out is gul "
" Fragmentation and the Role of Leading Small Groups in Chinese Politics "
"Yes, Mary, There Is A Robot (1935):  An inedible guardian angel shows a cricket what a Chinese restaurant would be "
"  We love Chinese lo ab masood ko ban krwao"
"Fidu Properties hosts ultra-high net worth Chinese investor delegation in Dubai; showcases iconic real estate proje "
" : I NEED a Chinese"
"Opinion | Keep the Chinese government away from 5G technology "
"Prague mayor to #Taiwan president: Human rights more important than a (#Chinese) panda | Radio Prague "
"Half term in Chinese is  q zh ji q - who is excited for next week? #halfterminchinese #mandarin #school "
" "
"  Doing it the Chinese way"
"Join us at the Yunnan Metabarcoding School!-21, 22-26 Oct 2019, China will pay your (intl/domestic) travel "
" :   ()# # "
"  Well I know a Chinese who have insta account"
"I really should ask China about that Chinese tea.."
"  "
"4/x While German sentiment and Chinese exports weren't quite as bad in March as earlier, they're still huddled with "
"3/x Amid all the talk that things might be looking a bit better in the global economy on the back of some nicer-loo "
"Capital Today Leads $30M Series B Round In Chinese Convenience Stores Operator #China #VC "
"        "
" continued:  can access the latest information on traditional chinese here. Join quickly://t.co/UDxPAyv5cS"
"30 people killed in Sichuan forest fire after change in wind creates  fireball "
" :  escape? Chinese VIP jail puts #AI monitors in every cell  make prison breaks impossible | South China Morning Post"
"Taiwanese student in Paris protests Chinese Communist dictator #XiJinping - a new national hero in #Taiwan - "
" : 'He was supposed to help us': Chinese immigrants out thousands after immigration agent disappears "
"  Right so you think XR should fly a load of westerners to China to protest climate damage? "
" He still Chinese/Asian POC, he doesn even see, refer, or ever consider himself white at all, he accep "
" : Men in black chinese version #JunHao  "
"New book: Translating Chinese Art and Modern Literature. By: Yifeng Sun, Chris Song "
"Fun fact about Kenya that yall didnt know.....the chinese loans that yall fear can be paid by the cash in NSSF but "
"Tinatanong nila kung may lahing intsik kami dahil singkit si blane. E si mama half chinese kaya si blane 1/8 chinese talaga yun."
" 62    Calligraphy "
" "
"Photograph caption dated April 2, 1943 reads, Wellington Koo, Chinese ambassador, was among the Chinese dignitarie "
" government : STOP yulin festival! "
"() "
" : No April Fool Joke: Chinese envoy sets limits on our own territorial waters. "
" "
"Kenapa mayoritas gamer cewek itu chinese, bad girls, seksi2 bajunya? Apa gak kerja yak? Atau emang sengaja caper?  "
" "
" Actually, if you look at articles in international publications, the NASA guy has also said that this "
"Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children's porridge "
"Pinoys not allowed? Internet is abuzz over this food park exclusive to Chinese people : Food Evolution "
" : # # #ebichu # # "
" : #ebichu # #  # # # #reiwa #"
"After Christchurch, New Zealand PM went to great lengths to stand up for muslims and their right to practice Islam. "
"A l'initiative de PFCE, de la  et de la  (Chinese Nuclear Energy Association), INDEX 2019, The Interna "
" Lake Club Chinese Restaurant!! "
" : Pak will face dire consequences if it makes India's #GilgitBaltistan it's 5th province for sake of Chinese appeasement. #C"
" : Eleksyon. from China +++ EJK. from CHINA..  from CHINA  China loans from Chi"
"Make Chinese visitors feels welcome and special, but don give them an umbrella or a clock! #chinaready "
"new chinese Lola masaage at Kentish town NW5 2TJ "
"Homeless Shanghai Man Achieves Internet Stardom "
"Mau makan Chinese Food Enak dan Halal.. dapat diskonan yg Gedee... yuk daftar skrg juga via : 08871157550 diskonnya "
" CCP is not China not Chinese! John"
" : Chinese villagers assured their  water is fine but doubts remain "
" : Rupert Murdoch's longtime advisers have shared whispered jokes/concerns since divorce over whether Wendi was some kind"
"Jacinda Ardern keeps quiet on comments to Chinese Government about human rights abuses "
"A state-run newspaper in China reported that flights by Chinese fighter jets through the Taiwan Strait over the wee "
" I seen far too many white folx use the  uuuuh 20% black so I can say the n word excuse, seems the "
" Half Chinese pn ada ny crik mun x nok pndey speak Chinese  smua cmya"
" :    "
"Chinese class is the coolest! We're watching a Jackie Chan film today "
" standardheld:  of the pig ~ fan made stuff pack [ENGLISH] Happy (chinese) new year, even when... "
"Shorten takes to Chinese social media to limit 'Asians with PhDs' damage "
" "
" TRANSLATION: today onwards, SUPERSTAR BTS is officially released in Taiwan  In the game, you "
" y"
"SM is afraid that sehun will gain more popularity so thats y they lock sehun in their basement. sehun was trending "
" : Is #China upholding the highest standards expected of #UN #HumanRightsCouncil members? A resounding no: China Responds to Ri"
"     23     "
"   23    ,  "
" : On   Not all Chinese bank borrowers are made equal, say  and : "
" 'the streamer that labeled  welcome to the philippines province of china is real &amp; it's not a jok "
"hahahah omg i know how to count in chinese na!! Achievement"
"WOOWW CHINESE INVASION IN ARAB LAND. OTW ADA CONFUCIUS INSTITUT CABANG MAKKAH://t.co/qNQ8oosGkj"
"Chinese firm to start building major roads in South Sudan "
"Chinese villagers assured their  water is fine but doubts remain "
" : Correlates of extinction risk in Chinese endemic birds #ornithology"
"Guwardya ng 1 subdivision, inaway at dinuraan ng Chinese; food court sa Alabang, exclusive lang sa Chinese | #Breaktime #DZRHat80"
" : New Chinese promotion poster for Avengers: Endgame. Robert Downey Jr., Chris Evans, Chris Hemsworth, Paul Rudd, Jeremy Ren"
"Lei Ye is the highest ranked Chinese player competing in #WAAPgolf this year and has big ambitions for the tourname "
" : Chinese Runner/Production Assistant "
" : Chinese Youtuber personally purchased GHB (a notorious date-rape drug) online and tested it on himself. He was unconscious fo"
" In China also many fans are angry with this rule but we can do Nothing ...So sad! Many chinese fans "
"  Greatly appreciated for the Traditional Chinese version!! Can the TC version be a "
"Tangina bakit ang daming Chinese dito sa Eastwood "
"  Epic games store only exists because of fortnite it anti consumer bs filled with malwa "
" : This 12-year-old Chinese student carries his differently abled friend to school every day | Trending &amp; Viral News  http"
"At #HKRMBFIC conference the audience was asked what the biggest obstacle for foreign investors to tap the onshore C "
"  I love test Cricket Charles, as it is a true test of skills for both batters and bo "
" : On April 4-5, the China Forum by  and  will bring together thought leaders from #China  #Usa "
" Not our problem the Communist Democratic Socialist and Muslim jihadist that have taken over the Phili "
" :            : #PakIndiaWar #ARYNewsUrdu https:/"
""
"Chinese govt funded New Gwadar International Airport will certainly increase the connectivity between China and Pak "
" I love Chinese fans"
" : #Prooi for the second week in the #China Box Office Top Ten. The Chinese love a human-eating lion! #Prey # "
" : #OnTheSpot Chinese loan agreements kabilang sa mga pinarerepaso ni Pangulong Duterte | ulat ni  "
"        "
" Like I said Widodo is no dodo!  They carbon copy our noontime shows, but maybe it is us who have much to learn f "
" : Early Chinese newspapers by  "
"Metal Straws- Say NO to PLASTIC. GET Your ECO-FRIENDLY Stainless Steel Dringking Straws from Chinese Manufacturer D "
"        "
"who say that chinese female is more than male ,this condition could be solved in my class,there are only less than ten males."
"   "
"Seperate Laws for a seperate landmass within #SriLanka ? For a seperate nation? (Chinese) what #LTTE terror "
" : Kris: who are you?: I am you: i'm Chinese: then im your Korean version#wooseok #KrisWu "
"  Yes but Kabwe has MPs and they need to be realistic with them, it has vast virgin land whic "
" :  ://t.co/2n6qCjZ6BN # # # "
" : Chinese billionaire fashion designer Wang Yiren and Korean marketing consultant CEO Heo Yoorim have officially married becom"
"Foreigners Made 2.4% of Chinese Bond Trades in Bloomberg Index Debut "
""
" : Chinese influence and the Western academy: Time for a concerted "
" : Engaging conversation on the history of Chinese South African, minority groups &amp; social integration "
" : BREAKING NEWS: Esteban Ocon to replace Sebastian Vettel at Ferrari in the upcoming Chinese Grand Prix for the remainder of"
"Chinese Dissidents Feel Heat of Beijing Wrath. Even in Canada. "
"Chinese and Arab officials and experts envision building a Space Silk Road through wider application of the Chine "
"    You referring to the Chinese and Indian Govt? Because they are the o "
"Who knows that the Chinese are the Military government supernaturally against the United States of America; Selish "
" Oh the poor little thing. Tell   you what, why dont we send her to one of those Chinese re education camps "
"Chinese government threatens mail couriers with hefty fines for circulation of any religious materials, as the goal "
"Chinese duck meat producers upbeat about the industry's export outlook after #EU starts to grant more low-tariff qu "
"  He gonna lose his s**t when he finds out what the Chinese, Indians and Arabs have come up with."
"IM SUPPOSED TO BE STUDYING FOR MY CHINESE EXAM WHY AM I ON WEIBO LOOKING FOR MORE PICTURES OF CHENGCHENG"
" : While the USA sabotages Venezuela by blocking the money and medicines to kill hundreds of thousands of people in Venezuela,"
"We hosting a delegation from the Chinese Communist Party, led by a member of the Party Central Committee, Hon. "
"Please what do we call this ...Chinese and film tricks "
" "
" Professor Anu Ojha OBE. holds talk between UK &amp; China space related trade, business &amp; education a "
"    "
" Deze foto heb ik vorige week zondag gemaakt in de Chinese Tuin. "
" Jobs are given to Chinese workers instead of qualified Filipino workers. This helps China economy mo "
"This is a beautiful Chinese grave in a Japanese cemetery yanakaginza graveyard tokyo japan  #photography"
"#datasecurity #LGBTQ The sole owner of  , the biggest #gayapp in the US, is still negotiating with the gover "
"Bring their spouse and children. I want more Chinese in Malaysia."
" "
"Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children's porridge - "
"Our Chief Executive, Martin Scheck, shared today foreign investor perspectives on the continued opening of the Chin "
"listen our accents are very different and my chinese is bad overall its just difficult"
" Chinese soldiers came to venezuela. I think America lost venezuela. America needs to act stronger. M "
" Dear John, Venezuelan people are fighting against  Turkish, Russian and Chinese interests without gu "
"Great new issue of 's Strategika; theme: 'Growth of Chinese Power and Influence'. Pieces by Gordon Chang "
" :  VEGAN BURNT GARLIC &amp; CHINESE BLACK BEAN NOODLES - full recipe. - #umami taste explosions #vegan #SundayMorning"
"Trendy tech for sure! We bring you the latest about Chinese and Asian tech market. Customized feed every week: "
"Sedapnya chinese cuisine.."
"  I saw the report on Chinese immigrants with PhD coming to Cda. I didn exclude immigran "
"I suggest China don't back down a bit. ECRL or any others project must continue or face penalty. I want to see more "
"yo i think i can live with chinese ppl"
"        "
"Ginawang dredging ng isang Chinese Vessel sa Marine Protective Area sa Lobo Batangas may pahintulot sa lokal na pam "
"4/x While German sentiment and Chinese exports weren't quite as bad in March as earlier, they're still huddled with "
"3/x Amid all the talk that things might be looking a bit better in the global economy on the back of some nicer-loo "
"So, once you're over cumming in your pants over the fact the #HuaweiP30Pro can zoom in a lot, let me know how your "
"        "
" : These Chinese will kill us #TheThroneMzansi #TheQueenMzansi #TheRiver1Magic #sabcnews "
"The English translation is far better than Chinese one  are .....lovers........"
"Chinese boxer trounces stereotypes, depression to become 'Queen of the Ring' "
" "
"There are of course a few Asians (Chinese, other Filipinos, Taiwanese, Koreans, etc.) most look pretty decent, busi "
"Ginawang dredging ng isang Chinese Vessel sa Marine Protective Area sa Lobo Batangas may pahintulot sa lokal na pam "
" Chinese guy walks in the room  community: "
" : Get into the Chinese Gay Addicted/Heroine Web Series!!! Here's the main cast!://t.co/eMzoKQvhMH (eng sub) "
" : True story: large Chinese internet firm which I will not name needed to lay off staff. decide which depts to cut"
"Chinese boxer trounces stereotypes, depression to become 'Queen of the Ring' "
" : ADDICTED (Heroine) Chinese Web Series: DONE! "
"Chinese tech giant Tencent quietly tests game streaming platform "
" Hm?   Liong bukan menjawab, malah ber-hm-ria sebagai tanggapannya. Ah tidak, pemuda dengan rambut cok "
"Vietnamese only but this was still my favourite part of this BingJiu fic. (It a translation from a Chinese one) "
" "
"#Discount #Voucher Get upto 20% Off N CHORK #Chinese #Restaurant #Peravallur #Chennai / what's app: 74490 "
"         "
"  protects whites Mafia protected Italians protect Chinese, Crips, and Neighborhoods "
"What does Xu Zhangrun punishment mean for hopes of academic freedom? "
"The new Costa Venezia is a floating luxury mall for Chinese cruise travellers  "
" Language: English the words are Chinese LMAO"
"A truck belonging to Chinese national Xuecheng Hou's New Force Logistics CC was spotted transporting a heavy load o "
" Only if you paint it while playing the Chinese translated version of Sicko Mode then the Chinese government cant touch you"
"#Discount #Voucher Get upto 20% Off N CHORK #Chinese #Restaurant #Peravallur #Chennai / what's app: 74490 "
"   Ironydie.1000s of Kashmiri Pundits Killed-Raped-exempted to favour Muslims Anarchy, "
"Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children's porridge "
" The Chinese teleported a photon last week.  Baby steps...."
" : Abbott accepts $60K from private college: meh accepts $1.6K gift from Chinese business: STRING HIM U"
" Omg really sad..for chinese its very bad so god help nd save all person "
" : Taiwan will forcefully expel PLA warplanes next time: Tsai Ing-wen://t.co/ckt6FyEePa   "
"Smart call by Chinese PL platform, #WeCash to book out from India."
" More chins than a Chinese phone directory"
"BBC News - Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children's porridge "
"oh tomorrow i have to obtain my chinese visa"
"Emerging markets face a new debt crisis; Chinese lending is not the only cause "
" : Andile Ramaphosa cut ties with the chairman of a Chinese company alleged to have given Eskom a loan without the power utilit"
"THX  IMAX  "
"  It says Superstar BTS got realised in Taiwan, and now has a language setting for traditional Chinese"
" : Staatspropaganda at work. Vergelijk de Nederlandse  eens met de Chinese. Daar komen ook steeds meer luc"
" : Chinese auto major #SAIC has built a team of 7000 engineers across 5 countries including India, to develop digital tec"
"/f/"
"Bloomberg adds Chinese government bonds to flagship index://t.co/puzrkCV0u5"
"Congress will endeavour to make India a green manufacturing hub. We will reduce tariffs and lift trade barriers fo "
"  "
"JUSKO KALOKA TALAGA DAMI NA CHINESE SA LP!!! "
"New Silk Road critics are : says Chinese official  Belt and Road is open, inclusive and transpare "
" : Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children's porridge "
" Sounds like the old Chinese proverb.... man with hole in pocket feels cocky all day"
" "
"Wu Lei - Best Chinese Striker ever? | FM MATCH HIGHLIGHTS: "
" : Global population cartogram from 1916 by LG Curtis highlighting the British and Chinese Empire. author emphasises tha"
"Plaid chinese president you had to start from the begining, man to man, what will you do first? That is an old p "
" :  Colors CHINESE edition"
" : China is no longer a frugal nation that sells a lot abroad and buys little in return: year, more than 160 million Chine"
"Philippines protests hundreds of Chinese ships around disputed island "
" This is Scott from Xiongfei Company, Chinese factory of washi tape. you like to make custom washi ta "
" China announces many scientific break through but we see hardly any Chinese innovation / discovery making a "
"  Zhao is reacting this way because china is used to being the bully &amp; not the one being "
"Chinese influence and the Western academy: Time for a concerted "
"   I wrote an article about you in Chinese. "
" Ah, the carrot on the stick con. You have no plan and no guarantee that a plan will ever pass. How "
" :     ht"
"Shake it Up TV Show,, 11 eps(Guest) "
"  "
" OK FOR REAL YOUR MIND. I think I started hcing the strilondes as Korean later and I always saw terezi as a "
"Chinese lovers "
" : # htt"
"U.S. and Chinese manufacturing sectors showed signs of stabilizing in March "
". take down  2-0 to knock the Chinese side out of the tournament! one more win needed for the "
" : Today  from  has been to the Buddhist library in #Leeds' Chinese partner city of Hangzho"
" :  ://t.co/0Mo52iGJsC"
"Keep Running: Season 5 TV Show,, 13 eps(Regular Member) "
" People even said I'm a white girl pretending to know Chinese. competitors claimed that they cou "
" wow it's sooo cuute. May I repost them on weibo? then chinese fans can also use your icons. I will credit ur acct."
"Chinese boy has 70 magnetic balls surgically removed after inserting them into his penis. "
"    Thing that puts me off China is having to buy Chinese build "
"SizeChina FaceForm, a novel 3D design and evaluation tool developed by our Asian Ergonomics Design Lab, helps desig "
""
"googling the meaning of  for work and came across an article explaining the title of BTS' LY album, which is  "
" : Chinese tech giant Tencent has begun testing its own cloud gaming platform and is letting a select group of users sign up"
" "
"Je wil opleggen aan anderen,  sterk. je wil opleggen is sterker. Tse(Chinese filosoof 570-480 v.C.)"
"Xiumin favorite chinese food is hot pot"
"Kina Filippinerna protesterar mot kinesiska fartyg i omtvistade vatten "
"Public Relations powerhouse Roxy Jacenko says Aussie could learn a lot from the Chinese who work 'all hours of th "
" : Dope #Shazam Chinese poster. "
"The service, Bluedbaby, started as a dating app for gay Chinese men. "
"Happy Camp TV Show,, 1080 eps(Ep. 985, 1023, 1030, 1033)(Guest) "
" #  #  # "
"145 babies given expired polio vaccines in Chinese city there could be more | FiercePharma "
"Perhaps I should take some advices from  and build a wall on the Southern Chinese Border, AKA South Ch "
"haha ,in Chinese we have a word:A girl changes eighteen times before reaching womanhood. "
"Fidu Properties Hosts Ultra-High Net Worth Chinese Investor Delegation In Dubai; Showcases Iconic Real Estate Proje "
" But ask some to help take care of Vet's &amp; the room is cleared. like Bill, get Chinese to give millions &amp; la "
"We can help you. Maybe in  German, English or Chinese. Get the info from our web site and join the Telegram group. "
" : Happy Chinese New Year Kevin Hart  #jacksonwang #KevinHart#HappyChineseNewYear "
" : We are going to Chinese TODAY #jacksonwang #KevinHart  #happychinesenewyear #TEAMWANG #myhero "
" : Day 1 of our DCC official  visit to Wanxiang Investment Group HQ in the Chinese province of Sichuan # to explore and guide on"
" 4"
" What I didn get is why he suddenly wanted free trade with China, when the government put tariffs "
"Jim, you are ok mate. Whatever happened it does not define who you are. Get on wd your life. It fine. You are the "
"Taiwan says it will forcefully expel Chinese jets next time they cross the Taiwan Strait median line. "
" : When calling his Chinese name   #2wish##MeanPhiravich #CathyDoll #LoveByCathyDoll https:"
"Hey, you can see that my eyes are full of you. think that is the feeling of secret love&gt;.&lt;:  From Net "
"'Laozi, the ancient Chinese #philosopher, said:  #leader is best when people barely know he exists, when his "
"Implementation of Chinese Rebar Standard Has Resulted in 89% of Surveyed Rebar Producers Adopting Vanadium in Rebar  "
"Ah, the infamous and impenetrable 9th circuit, America's most corrupt court, is getting a Trumpian overhaul and the "
" : Hey peeps, just give my opinions on why Chinese parents would sent their kids to Chinese Independent Schools. Feel free to wat"
"Fat Chinese Kid | Tag Your Friends Who Can Eat Like This... :P :P #ChineseFatKid #FunnyVideos:  "
"Chinese city offers cash incentives to informants on illegal religious groups, China, Apr 1, 2019 / 04:20 "
"#Vintage #dragon #cloisonne dish 03 *Reasonable #Offers considered*Free UK Shipping*#IOW InspectAndCollect "
"THX  IMAX  "
"After their 2018 holiday collaboration,  &amp; Chinese basketball player Guo Ailun have announced a new playe "
"Chinese kindergarten teacher arrested for  23 pupils://t.co/S8zU6VcOov "
"After their 2018 holiday collaboration,  &amp; Chinese basketball player Guo Ailun have announced a new playe "
" :  ... because they know some Chinese companies can easily make smart phones way better than their overprice"
" : MeanPlan learn Chinese: on the back of the hand, on the instep, you are my sweetheart (rhymes in Chinese): A"
"  "
"Got more chins than a Chinese phonebook ya fat fucker "
" I checked....fucking chinese"
" Chinese #mothersdaydeliveroo"
" : #learn_Chinese # #.4   Level 2   read the following paragraph to judge whether the sentence"
" Stupid idea. What's going to happen? The Turks will buy or build a Russian or Chinese jet."
"Philippines protests hundreds of Chinese ships around disputed island - CNN "
" When I first translated the SM Chinese leaks,  I had few followers.  People were nice even when they d "
"   We bought  designs since we elected a govt that had promised us old designs... we "
" : What's for dinner? JIA's special promotion for this April. the authentic taste of Chinese cuisines exclu"
" Dear,. Hara I can not speak Japanise nor chinese, your manga is alomst no. 1 keep the Good work, and "
" : I strongly advice against pitbulls, I know too many tragic stories of them turning on their owners. I personally recommend a Ch"
"Day 1 of our DCC official  visit to Wanxiang Investment Group HQ in the Chinese province of Sichuan # to explore "
"Dalian iron ore finished at .5, highest close since Chinese futures launched in 2013, according to Reuters. "
"  "
"://t.co/zljmdCqaRt"
"Big fan of the penguin emojis on this Chinese illegal sports streaming site "
" December's is going to be all packed if your evisiting Bangkok cause the Chinese from Singapore and Malaysia might visit etc. -"
"YOUNG CHINESE DOGS ver mit Hey There die erste Single des neuen Albums The Quiet &amp; The Storm #Folk "
"YOUNG CHINESE DOGS ver mit Hey There die erste Single des neuen Albums The Quiet &amp; The Storm #Folk "
"In-flight Wi-Fi is fast becoming an essential service for Chinese tourists travelling abroad, yet less than 10% of "
"what does your Chinese zodiac sign say about u? If you were born in the year of the ox?  Research shows u are gen "
" :  This literally makes me seethe. No wonder they never bother reading the English comments. They literall"
"   There are uncountable countries who are importing Chinese product if to "
"21 Carat Movie,, Jia Yin(Main Role) "
"Canadian authorities say the Chinese Communist Party is running a massive influence campaign among Chinese national "
" Favorite food to get from any Chinese restaurant?"
"Gro und Lagerfeuer-Intimit. Das sind Geist und Seele der Band YOUNG CHINESE DOGS. Mit ihrem letzten "
"Chinese researchers make breakthrough in discovering the phenotypes and genes responsible for female infertility "
" : Thanks as always to  for reposting  content obviously agree - the Chinese wipe their asses with the"
"        "
"Kooperasyon ng Chinese government laban sa illegal foreign workers, welcome development para sa dalawang senador "
"[Trivia] Like the rest of her team, Tenten's character seems to draw inspiration from Chinese culture."
"Dili man nuon inana akong family kay dili man mi Chinese. But I feel like it's a recurring theme nga *they* always "
" : A famous #Chinese superstar, Leslie Cheung, who once studied at  passed away on this day in 2003. There"
" Ohh you iban i see. I have a friend she a rungus i think but people always mistaken her for chinese "
"Basically,  has been a fool to allow Chinese intelligence to manipulate its foreign policy. The Chinese play "
" : Filipinos are calling out Lonely Planet for a video that the travel guide published on social media, where it credited the Chi"
"           : #PakIndiaWar #ARYNewsUrdu "
"Namiya Movie,, Tong(Main Role) "
"Kooperasyon ng Chinese government laban sa illegal foreign workers, welcome development para sa dalawang senador "
" "
"For its part, the Armed Forces of the Philippines clarified reports of Chinese vessels in the West Philippine Sea s "
"Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children's porridge "
"Mr. Pride vs. Miss Prejudice Movie,, Nan Nan(Main Role) "
"Lg ingin banget course bahasa lg, karena konsultanku org china dan beliau speak englishnya bawa2 logat chinese plus aku yg sunda bgt."
" Mc, you don't describe height with the word chinese smh"
" : The #US should protect its interests while shying away from the extreme measure of decoupling the American and Chinese"
" : Freedom of navigation operations, even if undertaken by a diverse coalition of states, are not enough to defend interna"
" Not chinese enough"
" you forgot to mention #Somalia .. The Chinese are actively moving into Somalia"
"Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children's porridge "
" my mom once said that food used to be scarce esp. when colonizers are here (Netherlands &amp; Japanese) s "
" :  of Japanese govt: 7 billion yen for Japanese and 30 billion yen for foreigners! fact that the tax paid"
"      I've never heard of Chinese Kazakhs com "
" I think we can use either form we like. I even see some japanese use old form of  didn't "
"    "
"Chinese high-security jail puts AI monitors in every cell  make prison breaks impossible "
"Kinatawan ng China sa Pilipinas, umaaasang pakikitunguhan ng maayos ng otoridad ang mga chinese illegal worker sa b "
"  Stupid chinese."
" : Chinese SSBN model with open tubes, because why not? #hm19 "
"Gov't verifying presence of Chinese dredging ship in Lobo, Batangas  Palace CNN Philippines Staff Apr "
" ph have been importing rice and  resorted in the rice tariffication law to feed 300,000K chinese na "
"Chinese Dissidents Feel Heat of Beijing Wrath. Even in Canada. She thought she would be safe in Toronto. Then she "
"Fall In Love Like A Star Movie,, Mei Li(Support Role) "
"China nakiusap na tratuhing maayos ang mga Chinese illegal workers sa "
"Chinese researchers make breakthrough in discovering the phenotypes and genes responsible for female infertility "
"Chinese SSBN model with open tubes, because why not? #hm19 "
"Chinese researchers make breakthrough in discovering the phenotypes and genes responsible for female infertility "
"Memphis Tenn 24/7 Listen live - Sound Effects - Evil Chinese Laugh://t.co/aJXec4wahx oh word"
" Benar. Adam tersenyum mendengar perkataan Liong barusan. Kemudian kembali menatap lelaki yang m "
"U.S. and Chinese manufacturing sectors showed signs of stabilizing in March "
" How is this Tool Chicom DiFi relevant in picking the 9th? She doesn even know she had a Chinese "
" FORREAL THOUGH...I HAD TO DO THE SAME i was a chinese-indonesian strilonde crusader back in 2016 an "
" of Japanese govt: 7 billion yen for Japanese and 30 billion yen for foreigners! fact that the ta "
"21. chinese n tagalog :P"
" "
"Diplomats, activists decry Chinese 'threats' at UN rights council "
"China has no option than to bail out Masood Azhaar as they have invested billions in CPEC &amp; Gwadar. Better for Indi "
"  Well, hurry up with the Moon conquest, otherwise, we will see every night a 10.000km wide RED "
"Run, Brothers! Movie,,(Main Role) "
"Mobile payments are kinda new to the West, but they're generating billions in sales in China. 's what we coul "
"#OnTheSpot Chinese loan agreements kabilang sa mga pinarerepaso ni Pangulong Duterte | ulat ni  "
" "
"The holy grail of Chinese Takeaway trade secret recipes has been released by #Leicestershire Chef  help "
" : Chinese scientists design heartbeat-powered cardiac pacemaker. Follow for more details!"
" : Select 2019 high quality #Bakelite #Wall #Switch products in best price from certified Chinese #TuesdayThoughts "
" You might be able to use fake deals announced by African governments as well. Not MOUs that were nev "
"Inaya ko ung receptionist na sabay kami kumain, ayun sa couch ako dinala puta daan ng daan ung mga chinese aba e na "
"Passport counter girl reads out my long, weird name slowly.Your name is so unusual.*looks at ID card*Oh. You'r "
" : Globalization has been happening for a long time -- the spread of the Old Chinese word for tea around the world. From "
"  I heard that Indian soldiers were severely kicked by Chinese soldiers at the border."
"Few years from now, our industry might vastly be invaded by the chinese people. Opportunities might be better for t "
" : The irrepressible creative energy that I attribute to folks in China is sprouting up in US cities. So many new film fe"
" | T   "
" Chinese new year holiday finished? "
"BBQ chicken liver and lard on Chinese bun...   The Chairman Restaurant "
"Chinese boxer trounces stereotypes, depression to become  of the Ring  "
" : Officials: Chinese Economic Charm Offensive Losing Steam "
" : Chinese Dissidents Feel Heat of Beijing Wrath. Even in Canada. "
"10 tips for teaching young kids how to write Chinese characters with a FREEBIE! Click this link to grab your freebi "
" Chinese anti-satellite laser base FOUND? Fears as images show active base, expert claims - "
"  I think Chinese people dog and pig khaane me jiyda pasand karti hain."
"OneSpace Technology Group, a Chinese private space launch group based in Beijing, has failed in its second attempt "
"Chinese villagers assured their  water is fine but doubts remain "
"  P.s if you cut chinese funding the US economy will plummet. Not a good idea."
" : 'Jaunty Redbird Cardinal' "
"chinese na naman haha "
" yes, esp eng and chinese bc they basically rule the world so"
"The bullshit campaign that  does is part of long term Chinese foreign strategy. The Chinese pay Russian offi "
" collect your stars  CHINESE and ENGLISH articles are up now! #ACE # #VOTUS #CHOICE"
"  Again, the Spox is busy parrying legit questions and cannot read or be correctly informe "
"Alibaba's real business? Selling online advertising. Stop thinking it's Amazon in Chinese!  Ad Shift Show "
" : #ICYMI #Chinese navy rescues four fishermen trapped at sea "
"Chinese Runner/Production Assistant "
"Chinese Runner/Production Assistant "
"Chinese Runner/Production Assistant "
"  Your EXACT Eastern (Chinese) Moon Sign B-day Anniversary!  Babies born on ur b-day "
"So I been up all night throwing up a dodgy Chinese and Jake has been cleaning the sick bowl  roll on work tod "
"  Sandy your a messed up individual my friend. Praying to an imaginary god to stop the "
"China nakiusap na tratuhing maayos ang mga Chinese illegal workers sa Pi... "
" "
"Sorry I don't have pt. 1 of KAmiYU 4!! My friend was only able to find pt. 2 on a Chinese website "
"   Pure evil and hatred. Why are black only targetted. What about Chines "
" :  Adding supply would help in a closed local Real Estate market, but not in the globalized economy with millions of Ch"
" : Adding supply would help in a closed local Real Estate market, but not in the globalized economy with millions of Chinese buy"
" I have been worried about it for a long time...in Chinese twitter(weibo) the fans are now worrying "
" How many are Chinese or Russian?"
"Chinese boxer trounces stereotypes, depression to become 'Queen of the Ring' "
"Sentinel and guide trope in danmei?? Yet another trope I associate with the English fandom* that I don't expect to "
"   True democracy is new to most of the world. And it happens to coincide with greater in "
"Sweet Dreams Drama,, 48 eps Ling Qi(Main Role) "
" : Welcome to the page of the project Xiaomi anew. title reflects the essence of our project. We are talking about a new"
"Coast Guard to Strengthen Clampdown on Illegal Chinese Fishing  "
" : Barcelona Rally Solidarity with Christians Persecuted by the Chinese Government | #Freedom "
"  "
"SG Holdings to make Chinese rail freight more competitive - Post and Parcel "
" :  "
"The Flame's Daughter Drama,, 52 eps Ru Ge(Main Role) "
" But you don't cooperate about the #Uyghur! How long? you  completely wipe them out! Or seek to change "
"New post (Uboxing And Review Of GT08 Chinese Smartwatch) has been published on Smartwatch  Review Videos &amp; Price Co "
"can my phone please stop randomly switching to the chinese keyboard thx"
" "
" :  mere fact that they are there and just staying there for a week, why, what are they doing there? Panelo said. It wa"
"Copy the link:://t.co/o2tHA3MQbB Dynamics the fun way as we investigate the Laws of Physics in Chines "
" : Apple has cut the prices of some of its most popular products, including the iPhone, iPad, AirPods and Mac computers, on its onli"
" : I love data! Opinion is mediocre, so sayang lng laway nyo! Dissecting Data: Japanese and Chinese loans compared:https://"
" : April fools!! "
" : When you have only two pennies left in the world, buy a loaf of bread with one, and a lily with the other. Chinese prover"
"The video described Banaue Rice Terraces as  built around 2,000 years ago by the Chinese, which netizens imm "
"  If we WTO what is the import tariff on nasty Chinese plastic wigs?"
"I strongly advice against pitbulls, I know too many tragic stories of them turning on their owners. I personally re "
" : STILL can't get over the insanely cool fact that  is a nominee in this year's   Here is 'Lion Dance', the"
"Herbal Stock, Lily flowers, Water Cress stems, Red dates, Shintake mushrooms, fresh ginger sliced , hard Tofu, Chin "
"600 Chinese vessels, na-monitor sa bisinidad ng Pag-asa Island. story: "
"Select 2019 high quality #Bakelite #Wall #Switch products in best price from certified Chinese #TuesdayThoughts "
" : How Adidas Yeezy shoe captured the hearts of China youth "
"The King's Woman Drama,, 48 eps Sun Li / Lady Li(Main Role) "
"Bodies, Cyber-homies, and Age of Empires' : Meditations towards Models of Collection from Traditional Chinese Cult "
" : Mga lahing Chinese ang lahi nila more on business matters#INBSalarin "
". thought you'd like to see these lovely Chinese giant salamanders drawn in schools, inspired by Red Ale "
" : This 3-in-1 vehicle is the world longest electric bus, apparently: Here's a bus so long that in foggy weather the driver mig"
" Chinese love jihad"
"Court convicts Chinese for  money "
"Quick Start Guide - jiebaR This is a package for Chinese text segmentation, keyword extraction and speech tagging."
"Eternal Love Drama,, 58 eps Jiu(Main Role) "
" : And meanwhile, the Chinese military seems to be embracing drones rather enthusiastically "
"Diamond Lover (Special Cut) Drama,, 24 eps Wen(Support Role) "
"   The American government refuses to acknowledge that the Chinese have been fo "
"Things That Are Rare fresh grass in a chinese vase crane glimpse of a gold veil in the winter shade#JAPAN"
" :  Alita Loves Oranges   Loves Chinese   "
"OKAY I JUST FOUND OUT THAT THE CHINESE VER AND KOREAN VER OF MY I CONTRADICTS EACH OTHER IT'S LIKE CONNECTED SYA. C "
"Philippines protests hundreds of Chinese ships around disputed island - CNN "
"TikTok looks like the first of many successful Chinese apps for foreign markets. "
"Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children's porridge "
" : #Avengers: Endgame is scheduled to be released in the Chinese mainland on April 24, according to the official Sina Wei"
"Pretty Li Hui Zhen Drama,, 40 eps Hui Zhen(Main Role) "
" : If you are patient in one moment of anger, you will escape a hundred days of sorrow. - Chinese Proverb "
"U.S. and Chinese Manufacturing Stabilize, While Europe Lags Behind by  "
"Create your own flag &amp; decorate it with Chinese symbols &amp; text at Creative Kids' Red is for Revolution. A free even "
"Risk appetite increased on Chinese #PMI and some US data.  as I analyse the decline in #Aussie despite the s "
" : ?  "
" These are Pakistani pancakes. I was in China from august 2007 to august 2012 in Jinggangshan university, J "
"  This just reminded me to add Chinese lollies to my list of things to buy when I come over "
"Hot Girl Drama,, 37 eps Xiao Di(Main Role) "
"Stage Name: Lia () Name: Choi Jisu (): Main Vocalist: July 21st, 2000 Sign: Can "
"China is no longer a frugal nation that sells a lot abroad and buys little in return: year, more than 160 mil "
" In bed, eating Chinese "
"  "
"Liu Shan Men Drama,, 40 eps Yi Qing(Main Role) "
"Naming Myself as a Chinese Trans Femme "
"Dami nilang Chinese tradition dito#INBSalarin"
"Yuqi () also known as S Y Q () is a Chinese singer under Cube Entertainment. She is the lead vocalist and "
" : #Chinese  on #MorningTrekWithEcho/  On your "
"On Many occasisons Kill the Boer'=white  Utterances against Indians /Chinese/coloureds /Traditional leaders etc! "
"#NORMAGroup develops thermal management systems for #electricvehicles of a leading Chinese carmaker. #AutoNews "
" Firstly, 10 dollars alone is 3600, then all those Chinese Yen can amount to like 2000 Sha, everyth "
"   I'm sorry but rockstars must have their own Chinese lolly"
"shenlong (  ) : spirit dragon. master of storms and bringer of rain. it governs the wind, clouds and rain, on whi "
" : chinese meme diadop "
"Fingers in many pies. $WTC digital footprint will be enough. Corporation a Chinese "
"Chinese boxer trounces stereotypes, depression to become  of the Ring "
"This 3-in-1 vehicle is the world longest electric bus, apparently a bus so long that in foggy weather the "
" I hc John as Chinese and Jade as Filipino for the longest time I had to for real hold myself back from making everyone Chinese"
"Chinese President Xi Jinping's congratulatory message to Arab summit reflects political will to deepen China-Arab c "
"[A Chinese subway is experimenting with facial recognition to pay for fares] your face on a screen to get "
" : #vanre Published 2015: in Dunbar, which realtors said is a top neighbourhood for Chinese clients, one in four of what Stats"
"The Ladder of Love Drama,, 69 eps Zi Han(Support Role) "
"Today we want to highlight and acknowledge the very top Ranked players in our game on both our servers, Internation "
"in those days aircraft were not so advanced . now though they carry night operations like Uri, n Balkot but radars "
" Chinese?"
"Chinese factory rebound eases global outlook#economy #trade #investment #industry://t.co/ejU3OZTYTX "
"NEW LESSON   of V+Gu / Mandarin Ep.4 Taipei Snake Alley Part II - Have You Ever Had Snake Soup? in "
"  It didn't. We don't carry around a lot of debt, so we're not concerned. That's the proble "
"Ban Shu Legend Drama,, 42 eps An Xin(Support Role) "
"[   32]  Chinese Coffee (2002)-"
" : Basically, if you make it on to any Chinese menu or apothecary list, you're absolutely f***ed as a species. "
" Ambani Adani became wealthy during congress regime. We all are witness to Welfare of Chinese Gandhis. "
" : April 1st. #Nickel jumps on trade talks progress, upbeat Chinese data "
"True face of Chinese Communist Party which a lot of EU and UK countries are happily trading with "
" :  The Chinese already own our lthium... it even comes out of the ground. the UK... to globists"
"STILL can't get over the insanely cool fact that  is a nominee in this year's   Here is 'Lion Dan "
"Andile Ramaphosa cut ties with the chairman of a Chinese company alleged to have given Eskom a loan without the pow "
"Interesting. And interesting to have this transparency from Onspace, a Chinese #NewSpace player.  "
"Diamond Lover Drama,, 68 eps Wen(Main Role) "
" This is the Chinese give you blessing    "
" :  amtickerde Chinese Face Reading #amtickerde"
"   Asifa O'on.... food ya"
"Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children porridge "
""
"   Hahahahaha her with the chinese more like"
" : Well deserved acknowledgement of work being done by ; "
" :  Let's Learn English, Korean, and Chinese.   A Thread."
"The Backlight of Love Drama,, 11 eps Li(Main Role) "
"STORYTIME: SO I CRIED IN CHINESE CLASS friday, i stayed back to do a long piece of work until like 5+. then i we "
"Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children porridge "
"The Chinese envoy shd be reminded of the UNCLOS ruling about the West Philippine Sea. niyang baliktarin ang "
"sa kabored nako nagtuon ko unsaon pag count in chinese"
"I don't understand somebody tell me what's going on? is there a drunk chinese man push-ups on my fron "
" : 'Tomorrow comes' as Chinese #bonds make global index "
" : #China Islam Association is soliciting stories&amp;calligraphy works on practicing Muslims' traditions of loving our coun"
" :  I remember living in DC when the embassy was being expanded. The Chinese construction company basically bought o"
" I go to Ken's place? "
"Curry  leaf  Chilli  Chicken  . normally associated Chilly Chicken with a red indo-chinese prep, but this "
"My chinese reading comprehension jiu ming  I SLOWLY WORKING HARD "
" :        Chinese phone numbers? Russian phone"
"When hungry, order more Chinese food."
"#600356 the bull pattern is confirmed &amp; a BUY signal is issued  "
"  The Chinese envoy shd be reminded of the UNCLOS ruling about the West Philippine Sea. "
"  Ahhhmm idk 2 Chinese lollies would cater for us"
"Chinese rock was invented by some lunatics who probably couldn't feel their forehead"
"Sound of the Desert Drama,, 35 eps Ji(Support Role) "
"Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children's porridge "
"Prominent Underground Church Remains Defiant as Chinese Officials Shut Down Ministry, Interrogate Congregation "
" : The Chinese honey could potentially contain harmful antibiotics that are given to the bees to prevent colony collapse."
"(d)(d d)(d h())(d y)(p d)(d j)(xi d) #chinese"
" : Today in Things I Learn From My Students: there's a Chinese app where you answer a set of questions about your relationship"
"WEH HENSEM GILA LAA HERO MOVIE CHINESE NII. AKU JATUUH  CINTA LAGI BUAT KALI KE SERATUS KALI GAISSSSSS OMO OMO"
" : Today the MADANA Roadshow is starting in China! Our CEO  will present MADANA in Hongkong, Shanghai, Qingdao,"
" : A video from a remote poor rual area in China,  the students, led by their teacher, said the words in Chinese together while h"
"Chinese boxer trounces stereotypes, depression to become  of the Ring  "
" "
"Cosmetology High Drama,, 30 eps Cheng(Support Role) "
"  What should really be blocked is the import of chinese products by all countries.."
"Joe Biden and John Kerry Sons Struck Billion-Dollar Deal with the Chinese Government 10 Days "
" More chins than a chinese phone book"
"Chinese Christians and Chris Patten must seek win win cooperation"
"Tencent $5bn bond will bolster the Chinese tech giant against competition from retail and entertainment rivals "
"Foreign Privilege in the Chinese Classroom "
" Certain countries have *other judges* who score for them. That's how they don't get *caught*.  I don't "
" : #klimaat alarmisten &amp; media toeteren dat we afstevenen op allerlei catastrofen (overstromingen, droogtes,..). Chinese wetensch"
" Yeah I know about Chinese sizes nyinyi size 3 mko poa sana aki"
" : Chinese boxer trounces stereotypes, depression to become 'Queen of the Ring'  "
"If you didn't manage to catch us  last week, there's still time to come and see us this Thursday, Fri "
" :   Dastyari resigned.  should Hanson and her cronies.  Not to mention the half million dollar donati"
"Chinese auto major #SAIC has built a team of 7000 engineers across 5 countries including India, to develop digital "
" : Ramaphosa's son cuts ties with Chinese business partner.://t.co/bOMs6gy5kG"
"V Love Drama,, 40 eps An Po (Amber)(Main Role) "
"Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children's porridge - "
"BBCWorld : Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children's porridge "
"  "
"  Come I have 2 Chinese lollies, bilos, cloth and a basin..."
"   I still not sure what point you making, are you saying the OIO shouldn h "
"://t.co/jbgLWAcEWQ# #://t.co/hebZRwiJmc"
"indonesian: is my mother tongue even tho i suck at it: i think its dope and plus im half java/ half sunda "
" : One year since the trade war started, the Chinese have been less worried about it. They feel the US is not as powerful as t"
" you are right, I remember trying to write a letter in Chinese once, took forever, and am not sure h "
"Swords of Legends Drama,, 50 eps Sang(Support Role) "
"INCERUN Retro Men's Cross-Pants Wide Leg Harem Trousers Linen Elastic Waist Loose Print Hip Hop Crotch Pants Male C "
" : Enjoy a wonderful meal at Minghui #Restaurant with an atmosphere featuring traditional Chinese academy. #Wuzhen #VisitWu"
" : TRUE!! there was this one time when my mom, sister and i rode a jeepney at night and heck,,, 3/4 ng mga nakasakay Chinese..."
" : The ANC are allowing the Chinese to rape our Oceans and take our Food Resources - This is yet another example of why South Afr"
"A private equity fund linked to #Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba Group will own more than 15 per cent of fast-grow "
"Chinese fishers can stay in disputed waters, but militia should go - Palace-CBN News at Apr 02 2019 09: "
"Quote of the Day: You Are Your Word/ Travel Light -  is not left to stand alone.  He who practices it will h "
"Chinese President Xi Jinping's congratulatory message to Arab summit reflects political will to deepen China-Arab c "
" : Grats to  on ChinAI 1 year anniversary! Must-read summary below. 't agree more that Western observers consistentl"
" Abe gandu paisa diye hein na tu chup chap raho. Abhi to itna he wait karo ghar ghar mein Chinese paida honge age se."
"Anarhan Drama,, 20 eps(Main Role) "
" : Eskom should borrow from the  rather than from foreign state banks (which probably stipulate the money must"
" :4...( ;)"
" Dont you get tired of the pictures. We want results not motivational pictures. The Chinese will never "
"  The Chinese ladies I knew in Real Estate back in Monterey Park had no trouble rising to the top "
"  our greedy leaders doesn't care about the Future THEY care about whats in there for them... "
"Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children's porridge "
"Chinese Black Tiger Kungfu Self Defence Training From Kids to All Ages Specifically to Women's Self Defence. "
" : The strong relationship between MADANA and #Lisk will strengthen the whole ecosystem. Together  and our CEO "
"  Dastyari resigned.  should Hanson and her cronies.  Not to mention the half million doll "
"068"
"China to Chinese astronauts eat in the Tiangong-2"
"told my mom i signed up for chinese and her only reaction was that she looks foreward to hearing tired me ramble in "
" : Not even 1 Indian, Chinese, Sabahan, Sarawakian in  who can play football?  "
" Under that definition, the line from Chinese media that China is an all-weather friend and a true pa "
"Tonight dinner. Billy Kee pork with snow pea shoots. This is a slightly updated version of Billy Kee chicken, one "
"Chinese great rivers and mountains "
"You can speak fluent Chinese or native Chinese, willing to work in China, these jobs are made for you ! sont "
"ITM and United Imaging announce agreement to cover Chinese and global cancer imaging markets. Read more here: "
" : Zachary Levi Shazam Electrifies On Chinese Theater Standee "
"   "
""
"Chinese City Offering Rewards for Reporting  Religious Activities, Raising Further Concerns for House Chur "
"at some point im gonna have to go see my advisor and be like pls help me get into my psych, gender/sexuality AND c "
" R u ppl sick  nd 15 yr old children will marry ppl double of thr age wid 3 children . r fo "
" "
" : Croatia's biggest infrastructure project, the Peljesac Bridge. Its 1st phase construction is carried out by a Chinese compan"
" :  Amen! 2 Petrus 2:4 Want indien God de engelen, die gezondigd hebben, niet gespaard heeft, maar, die in de h"
"   It crazy They are in deep with Chinese &amp; that driver was just passed along li "
"  "
"Parang hindi naging kabit ng chinese na may asawa at bata pa ang anak habang nasa bahay "
"   "
" : Britain declared war on China on this day in 1857 to protect their drugs trade.  was the largest drug trafficke"
" The Chinese charactors on his yellow scarf means ..."
"Stir-fried Chinese greens #seasonal #recipe "
"Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children porridge "
"Chinese&amp;Russian troops begin to flow into Venezuela backed by heavy  equipment. S-300 missiles to protect main airp "
" :  V4 CHINESE# #goodsmile "
" : No one has an exclusive on opportunity. When the sun rises it rises for everyone. ~ Chinese Proverb [17923] #proverbs #"
"I would be content on sweatpants, Chinese takeout and a HuFlix binge session tbh.  Going out is fun.  Being able to "
""
"The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now. - Chinese proverb."
" sh"
" Can see any of the Chinese teams getting there this year. Guangzhou looked strong but even they ar "
" :  California is NOT a model for anything in this country. It one step from being a third world nation. Now ex"
"Rebound in Chinese PMIs fuels rally in global stocks Dollar climbs, euro softens on disappointing inflation data Po "
" : #AskHalftime       Is ALB a buy here after the agre"
"Today's new Chinese lesson (Advanced)://t.co/SG54VpoIZk reading the text, are you able to answe "
""
"Chinese university hosts 'grenade-throwing' contest://t.co/ZjBafc1flN"
"The Chinese takeover of Indian app ecosystem "
"Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children's porridge "
"Early Chinese newspapers by  "
"Cult-Followed Modern Chinese Restaurant Announces Two Residencies "
"Chinese Automaker Jiangling Forced To Stop Production Of Its Range Rover Evoque Copy -   A Big Win for Jaguar Land "
"Chinese-Australians have had a gutful of politicians' tokenism "
"People from Black Caribbean, Black African, Chinese and South Asian backgrounds are more at risk of Type 2 diabetes "
"Zachary Levi Shazam Electrifies On Chinese Theater Standee "
"Activision Blizzard Ireland are hiring a Tradition Chinese Language Specialist to work out of their #Dublin office. "
"sicheng looks so happy in his recent pictures, and i'm absolutely so proud of him in every single way. i can't wait "
"Chinese Boxer Trounces Stereotypes, Depression to Become 'Queen of the Ring' "
"We have been listed on #Japanese famous #ICO #cryptocurrency #platform in #korean #japanese and #chinese languages. "
" : Most people using data to gauge whether you are a credit risk or not. But look at Chinese they are not looking at whethe"
"What happened to that chinese girl Lil Tay "
" : Best 2019 April Fools Pranks from Chinese Tech Giants "
"Chinese Authorities Publish List of Registered Blockchain Firms Reading Time: 2 minutes by Ogwu Osaemez "
""
"   The Chinese have been using Murdoch via Deng to undermine the social fabric of th "
"From | Chinese tyre maker Prinx Chengshan to invest $318 mln in Thai plant "
"ITALY HOPES TO ATTRACT MORE CHINESE TOURISTS AFTER XI JINPING VISIT #news #travel #deals "
"U.S. and Chinese Manufacturing Stabilize, While Europe Lags Behind - WSJ "
"NEVER GO TO A CHINESE PLACE FOR FUCKING MEDIUM RARE STEAKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
" : It Time to Address Paid Chinese Disinformation In US Newspapers -- my latest column "
" : Gov't verifying presence of Chinese dredging ship in Lobo, Batangas  Palace "
" Yeah japanese teams havent started well and korean teams usually better the chinese so thats the final pretty much"
"  Bc Chinese ho kya gadha ka meat khatey ho"
" . Methinks South Africans should be left alone, closer home we have Chinese wrecking havoc in every sector"
"   Then focus on the fact that they don want a dump in their backyard, are they "
" : China- New China news- Chinese police Special tasks unit undergoing brutal annual training in a jungle type location #Chi"
"Philippines protests hundreds of Chinese ships around disputed island "
"Chinese foood"
" Chinese characters "
" : Yesterday we got visited by one of the leading Chinese entrepreneur incubators "
" : Pinky said fuck the police  "
" "
"  The OIO have nothing to do with it, Its your story, you decided to bring their nationality "
"   The same I know about acting"
" : Seems Xi Jinping visit to Europe has not been effective regarding EU concerns about #Beijing, :  country isn"
" Maybe I have found where the error is. Your account doesn't support Chinese UnionPay,  does it? Does Visa work in Japan?"
"Qingdao Red Lions vs Jiangsu Yancheng Dingli, Apr 03, 2019 - predictions "
"   Did you insulted me or them?"
"Alleged Chinese dredging ship seen in Batangas "
" El Chino in Spanish means a person of mixed race not a Chinese person LOL! But, I was excited to se "
" : #AmericaFirst- : The situation in Venezuela is getting worse and worse. We have to make the case to the Russians &amp;"
"  bunny boo chinese cat thing with the moving paw bakeshop HAHAHAHHAH"
" : The Chinese Weekly, dating in China  "
"  And there I was thinking it was designed to make Jerry Harvey richer selling imported Chinese crap."
" :  You seem to believe that it's impossible to adhere to serious, professional journalistic standards r"
" : Han Chinese man asks an Uyghur village lady:  R u willing to marry your daughter to a Han-man? Is it ok 4 u to eat pork?"
"Leaver: I want to go out.: I'd prefer to stay in and watch telly, actually.: No! Out!: OK. Where'd you "
"#SeventyThirty in #TheChineseWeekly. ://t.co/drKBpdXPNT #elite #matchmaking #China #international #hnw"
"        "
" Thank you for your kind words  We hope that HSK Online will be a useful application for every Chinese le "
" And Gary the governor wants to let more illegals in cali? he does that then we all should go move into hi "
"MNRE issues advisory against procuring solar modules from Chinese company, Energy News, ET EnergyWorld "
"Julius Malema slams Chinese influence on Africa as he calls for  "
"Julius Malema slams Chinese influence on Africa as he calls for  "
" ministry of home affair se aagrah hai ki special cyber security agency organization banaye taki pakistani "
"3d vr virtual reality glasses Market Growth, Production Value, downstream demand, Chinese Analysis and Forecast Til "
" The Chinese are far more efficient dealing with the death penalty"
"- Also studied Greek and Latin and is now focusing on Chinese with help from Namjoon to develop his magic more- Fi "
"here comes another chinese earthquake ebrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbr"
" :    I was expecting this comment. Lol. If tax man is snooping on you, soon everyone l"
"  Also, you dont get to use 'drug business' against Dilawans habang laya pa si Peter Lim, hin "
" Ogni nazione adora Dio Onnipotente://t.co/hQKjvYhRof    "
"Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children porridge "
"Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children porridge "
"Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children porridge "
"Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children's porridge "
" Amen! 2 Petrus 2:4 Want indien God de engelen, die gezondigd hebben, niet gespaard heeft, maar, die "
"Chinese language instructor suspected of poisoning kids porridge "
"Did you know a #Rhino can regrow it horn unlike an African Elephant? The International Fund for Animal Welfare ( "
" :  cnn assumes that there's no terrorists in china, however videos displayed the chinese forces training to tak"
" : Another important investment to strengthen Australia agriculture industry, bringing Australia world class food system to Ch"
"... "
"This 3-in-1 vehicle is the world longest electric bus, apparently: Here's a bus so long that in foggy weather the "
"  "
"Pakistan is stealing Chinese money meant for CPEC. Rs 2400 crore siphoned off to local lawmakers in the name of  "
" :    Not just in your opinion -TRUTH! Her connection with the Chinese should be on re"
"  "
" : the Chinese say if you post... is the online equivalency of believing a fraudulent pastor/televangelist who revives"
" Echinanews Women have become the main players in the Chinese consumer market. The women market, or so-called "
"Women have become the main players in the Chinese consumer market. The women market, or so-called  economy, "
"If you are patient in one moment of anger, you will escape a hundred days of sorrow. - Chinese Proverb "
"Bilibili Inc, a popular Chinese online entertainment platform, proposed on Monday to offer convertible bonds of up "
"As a Chinese kid growing up in America, I saw in Leslie Cheung the possibility of being whoever I wanted to be. ( "
"ITM and United Imaging team up in strategic partnership to cover Chinese and global cancer imaging markets: ITM Iso "
"ITM and United Imaging team up in strategic partnership to cover Chinese and global cancer imaging markets: ITM Iso "
"MANILA - The two former Philippine officials who filed a case against Chinese President Xi Jinping before the Inter "
" :    ://t.co/Rie014quwV"
" Thanks babe! I'm currently hiding in bed so I don't have to deal with being a year older just yet. "
" :  A shocking new investigation has revealed that #Kenya is acting as a trade hub for smuggled donkeys. for sk"
" "
" : #Ningbo people and merchants used Qing Guildhall to worship the Chinese sea-goddess Mazu. The site also functioned as"
"I discussed #recession #risk, #China #economics and #equities vs #bonds with CNBC's Martin Soong and Tanvir Gill to "
" : ganda chinese com cara de bolacha "
" Assume you means of the paid will learn. Mind you, the answer probably same for the Chinese"
"Based on my experiences and conversations with others chinese girls.  Depa x suka laki pendek. Sekian. "
"Chinese tech faces an innovation reality check as the economy cools and startups stumble "
"Im oddly craving chinese food right now"
"Nanjing Agricultural University: Chinese scientists have bred a new strain of rice with both high yield &amp; high dise "
" Chinese burn the fuck out of him"
"For all of you who argues for Build, Build, Build: government uses Chinese money to create projects that Chine "
" :     ? "
" : Do you know how to make a suggestion to a friend? Say it in Chinese! about... ? : ... Z y? () sugessti"
"Block printing is a very ancient traditional Chinese art that was  evolved to print image, shapes &amp; patterns in clo "
" Could you explain why the Chinese title is better?"
"ITM and United Imaging team up in strategic partnership to cover Chinese and global cancer imaging markets "
"23       ,     "
"/zh w sh w f ./"
" AMV: Hush sweet child my Chinese sister will fuck you up in my place."
" : vivi "
"China gave Pakistan money for CPEC. Pakistan is using it for more basic needs "
"#MorningNewsToday #TENCENT is buying back 10% of shares.  more about the finance of this Chinese behemoth: "
" : One block away from Bruce Lee Chinese Food. Business was so good they had to move to another loca "
"Bayern Munich to Face Chinese National Team in Allianz China Cup in May - Bleacher Report #Munich #M #news"
"23       ,     "
"Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children's porridge "
"them:half german, half filipino:half chinese, half garter"
" : IMAGE: Chicken crossing border between Netherlands and Belgium "
"  (~_~;)"
"The Adventure Begins on Stage in the RPG Revue Starlight Re LIVE! Global Release in April 2019! Support for "
"A teacher at a kindergarten in central China has been detained by police on suspicion of poisoning 23 children, off "
" : Chinese cakes are looking awesome "
" :         It was Gillard who so"
"#Taiwan says it will forcefully expel Chinese jets next time they cross the Taiwan Strait median line "
"Nianhuawan, a town in Lingshan Mountain of Wuxi, East China's Jiangsu province, is an ideal tourist resort that fea "
"Anatomy and Physiology of Animals/Muscles/Test Yourself Answers #wikibooksrecentchangesen"
"#SINO #reasoning #Shanghai # 1 author encyclopedia site:#China supplies goods to USA today "
"So this chick was wearing a chinese cheongsam outfit &amp; this dude named #Jordan was asking her where her sake was... "
" The US warships are called free sailing through the Taiwan Strait. Is our Chinese military aircraft "
" Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children's porridge Twenty-three kinderga  "
"Under the Clinton's Presidency, Chinese domination of the PHD programs in the US became a national security issue. "
"Implementation of Chinese Rebar Standard Has Resulted in 89% of Surveyed Rebar Producers Adopting Vanadium in Rebar "
"China nakiusap na tratuhing maayos ang mga Chinese illegal workers sa "
"  Katie, you know me. So why the by=line Chinese owned? Why isnt it just Waste Management? A "
"Busy kaayo ug post about an old man and his masturbation video. But sa issue affecting the entire country, (hello C "
" : Good Morning Abuja, over the weekend the we celebrated Mothers for all their Love! And today we have two specially meals yo"
"Hanfu clothing is the traditional clothing of the Han Chinese ( Han-the predominant ethnic group of China). "
""
"In 35 Chinese universities will begin to train specialists in the field of artificial intelligence "
"Kailangan pigilan at palayasin yang mga ipis na yan "
"Add pin bbm GayChineseID GayIndonesia Nu_Dicklicious chinese jakbar thankyou  "
"Different drug. Google (Vancouver, fentanyl) large city with maybe 1% of heroin found, same in Seattle next door. A "
"The Chinese payback some 100 yrs later, the main entry point isn Mexico, look north. That is where the fentanyl i "
" Chinese hairstyle LOL"
"Ever wondered what's different between Chinese lomi and Batangas lomi? "
"New Post - A revelation by the East Yorkshire coast. a new definition of p****d-when you order a Chinese takea "
"  Ur chauvinistic hate mongering for Hindus/Modi cheapens u unbiased,apolitical Historian "
"   Haha good one , all of the Chinese jets are replicas of US , Russian aircrafts ev "
"Chinese boxer trounces stereotypes, depression to become  of the Ring  "
"Chinese teacher suspected of poisoning children's porridge "
""
