" : Toxic filipino mindset?-tinginan?  ISSUE-usap?  ISSUE-sabay?  ISSUE-ngitian?  ISSUE-tabi?  ISS"
"this fool really dumb. he thought that every filipino is catholic and asked me a catholic question. i christian."
"ang kyut ng lenggwaheng filipino "
" : whether you speak english, french, korean, filipino, chinese or etc., in stan twitter we have the same language and that lan"
" : An example of Filipino toxic culture: when  confronted  by making a vlog about an issue that could "
" : My moms really trying to tell me I not proud to my Filipino anymore..... because I didn want to eat rice... like"
"Utang na loo filipino trait. Utang na loob."
" : Toxic filipino family culture is when u speak about what u truly feel and instead of giving u advices they are giving u crit"
"My dad signed him and I up for adult swimming lessons... this should be fun. Note: I know how to swim....just not very well haha"
"toxic filipino culture tss "
" sounds about filipino "
" : Toxic filipino mindset: ang iba makapagpatawa lang."
" : this is my new twitter acc !! pls  if you stan: (to gain mutuals)- bts- blackpink- red velvet- twice- exo- txt-"
" How does a black person at a Filipino party work?"
" :   No sane and patriotic Filipino and no wise and righteous person in other parts of the world will e"
" : Watching TPM'S set makes me proud that I'm filipino. Honestly you guys did so well  #vibe2019 "
"I LOVE YOU LEE BYOUNGGON IN ENGLISH KITA LEE BYOUNGGON IN FILIPINO:43 IN MATH "
" and because of that we (filipinos) need to accept the fact that majority of filipino attitude nowadays "
" : #TodayinHistory in 1788, Francisco Balagtas, Filipino poet, was born. Did u know that when Mabini was exiled to Guam, t"
" : ah hey I wrote this ://t.co/xcPvCNE8MK"
" : Hello  it's me again. I would like to start off by saying thank you. Thank you for producing quality entertainme"
"Help me get my baby noticed #RETWEEET #mixedkids #Ohlin #ShareTheLove #share #meltingpot #gerber #EllenDeGeneres "
" a vlog with yamyam eating exotic Filipino food XD ^-^"
"THIS FILIPINO TWIN GOT SOME SUPERNATURAL SKILLS! "
"I support Filipino vloggers, torn kami ngayon oh napano na hahahahhaha"
" : I love being Filipino "
" That how Americans callrd it Filipino squat "
"Just made chicken adobo for the first time! I been on a roll of perfecting more Filipino recipes. My hubby and k "
" : MAAYONG ADLAW sa tanan! With the recent fire incident in Toril which affects almost hundred families, once again we ask fo"
" Halaaa filipino ka pala ahahahahah and finafollowback na pala natin isat isa"
"I swear my jaw will drop like this if I see Wan comment or reply in Filipino. "
" : My filipino mom when she was pregnant: |              ||              ||               |                 |"
"FILIPINO GIRLS ITS OUR TIME TO SHINE "
"I hate it when you see dramatic filipino movies scenes and it applies to your life. You are at a point saying to yo "
"Soldiers Chose Filipino Sensation!! Nicholas Mendoza!! #MEYL2019 #DraftDay #StandForMore Reserve Your Seats NOW!! "
"Mejo tiny little bit naiilang ako sa title na igai ni mango ng mnl48 - they should have made it english kung di b "
" : Chinese boats deny Filipino fishermen access to sandbars "
" : I don really watch a lot of Filipino movies, but Seven Sundays is a great movie that I recommend people to watch. Great c"
"this filipino movie is so sweet i cry...... it's not that sad but i cry....... aaaaAAaaa"
"As  a Filipino, Im gonna do what I can do. Gotta watch and listen to their MV on YT coz YT is very popular here and "
"   Then  had the audacity to say don't date the Filipino Asians "
" : #Poetas, let's begin #NationalPoetryMonth with my  interview, conducted by Abigail Licad on the #Filipino #Latino Co"
" : sounds filipino as fuck "
"So quero saber quem  que me deu o filipino ontem #REI"
" : Toxic Filipino culture: pagkakamali lang gagawan ka ng issue"
"miss i don't speak spanish im filipino...... i don't understand"
"Dili gyud mawala ang filipino time.  "
"#MabuhayCreditUnion is #ComingSoon to the cityofcarsonca to aid the #Filipino / #FilipinoAmerican #community in the "
" : #FilipinoFood #FilAm #Filipino #Seattle 9 Spots to Explore Seattle's Burgeoning Filipino Scene "
" HAHAHAHAHAHA FILIPINO TIME IS NOT A JOKE "
"TOXIC FILIPINO skl "
"sobrang nakakadisappoint, mga filipino youtubers na iniidolo mo nag-aaway away dahil lang sa maliit na bagay."
"For filipino food month someone should take me on a food date to a filipino place "
" : My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 |"
"bat ba kasi kailangan pa gawing bigdeal yung hindi dapat gawing big-deal? and making a video out of such a petty is "
" Filipino fliptop rappers do this too. It's so disgusting how they talk about women just because they wa "
" Filipino?"
"filipino youtubers r so noisy rn."
" : Here we come Philippines  so excited to see our Filipino #Viberz Can wait to start this Asia tour  Let go  x ht"
"More than 7,000 #Filipino and #Americans forces began their 35th joint #military exercises on Monday as militants l "
" : While everyone got distracted by Snakes on Google Maps and the announcement of the name of the new Japanese era, I like"
"Jar Norton Bro... I freaking died!  "
" : Toxic Filipino Culture you really tried your best at school, but after all, your parents will still see you as a disap"
"Normally i dont give a shit about filipino youtuber dramas.. but i have nothing to do and i am on the verge of an e "
" maybe.... filipino boys do deserve rights"
" matikels cyst. filipino pride tayiszz"
" : Your FIRST Filipino team to join NBC World of Dance is also the FIRST Filipino team to compete in Body Rock Junior! w"
" white man defending his filipino wife"
"   Toxic filipino culture??? Duhhh being toxic na mag uunfollow kase gusto magde "
" : An example of Filipino toxic culture: when Kyo Quijano cries for help for backup, insert bible quotes in tweets, and pulling"
"toxic filipino society: and llyod : *nagka-issue* peoples: uy si ganito, wala kang kwenta, wag kami, si "
"CC: Filipino relatives above the age of 35 "
" Considering na ang average height of Filipino men is 5' 4 I think oks na ko.  I said naman s "
"    day na gumagawa tayo ng contract for racerseatmates &amp; may teacher pa sa unahan. oof "
" : txt gdm rt and fave this tweet 20 only  filipino ka dapat mamzer hehe maingay active rin hih0 no to flop,, solid da"
"Filipino Dramas on "
" : Ngiting in love na dalaga at binatang Filipino, yeah! Gusto n'yo bang laging ganito ang eksena nina Emong at Gelay? #TODAMagkas"
" : The most unrealistic thing about Shortland Street is that there are hardly (read: none) any Filipino nurses."
"ALL THESE FILIPINO INFLUENCERS FIGHTING PUTEK INFLUENCERS NA NGA TAWAG SAINYO NAG GAGANYANAN PA KAYO "
"What else remains good in this society and industry? I salute filipino youtubers for their hard work and entertainm "
" : Hoy nos da los #Buenosd una guapa mestiza desde #FilipinasenelsigloXIX pintor #filipino Justiniano Asunci qued"
" opo. good filipino citizen HAHAHAHA"
"No worries it Takaw Tuesday!!! Come try our contest entry: Pork Asado w/ Cucumber Salad  4-10p  Be More Pacific "
"An example of Filipino toxic culture: when Kyo Quijano cries for help for backup, insert bible quotes in tweets, an "
" : my white blood cells allowing bacteria to get me sick "
"Why did I already know this was a Filipino mom from that first text "
" : Hello, I am Noriel Calaguas, an MS in Health Services Administration student doing a thesis on the HIV Health Beliefs of Filipi"
" : hello, im justin! my pronouns are they/them. im a filipino american born in ny but raised in florida. i like to make and"
"sudi a Filipino wbk "
"  good ol filipino moms "
"How did I know she was filipino once I read her first text  "
" : Australian paedophile, 61, who raped Filipino girl, 5, is jailed "
" : toxic filipino culture  nalang ng bagay , issue."
"I think Eerie is a good film and I can assure that it is better than your average Filipino Horror Films. But watchi "
" Filipino parents and grandparents do the most when guilt tripping they kids to eat more "
"#FilipinoFood #FilAm #Filipino #Seattle 9 Spots to Explore Seattle's Burgeoning Filipino Scene "
"ang toxic lang talaga ng mga Filipino cultures and mentality :(( napakababaw at walang kwenta. mga maliliit na baga "
"still hung up on that headcanon that gon is filipino tho like yes we stan a precolonial datu come thru animist king"
"  Support Filipino YouTuber"
" ! Are you Chinese Filipino? Your family didn't speak Tagalog?"
"Nung si jeffree star nag call out ang tahimik niyo ah anu ngayon si Lloyd nag call out sa mga toxic na youtubers na "
"buti na lang i only watch few Filipino youtubers so i couldn't care less sa mga feud na nangyayari between big Fili "
" Well hahahaha ganun talaga filipino time hahaha joke"
"An example of Filipino toxic culture: when  confronted  by making a vlog about an issue that "
"2. OPHIR is a new fantasy setting for D&amp;D 5E which draws inspiration from Filipino mythology. As each region has it "
"anddd you like filipino bieber WTF HAHAHAHAHA"
"++ I remember you asking me if your work was okay (esp in English and Filipino) and I often asked you in Math and S "
"40. Filipino!!!!!"
" : Society of Foreign Consuls in New York Recognize Filipino American Broadway Artist Ali Ewoldt "
" : More than 7,000 Filipino and American forces began their 35th joint military exercises on Monday as militants linked t"
"FEATURE | Many Filipino couples and adults look into #adoption for a few good reasons. But, the most basic of them "
" : This is probably why y hate Filipino boys "
" -deman and supply-surplus of quantity demand or supply-religion affecting business-filipino cul "
" : tangina nagstaring contest lang kami ng questionnaire ko sa filipino"
"Society of Foreign Consuls in New York Recognize Filipino American Broadway Artist Ali Ewoldt "
" sir wow your filipino skills are actually"
" : BUT WAIT, THERE MORE! Another Filipino family favorite movie we will be talking about tomorrow is: SEVEN SUNDAYS! htt"
"unpopular opinion: Asian and Filipino girls glow up the best"
"Maybe I should write something longer in Filipino. Hmmm. I used to write a lot in Filipino. Lemme just think if I could do this. Huehue."
"Boring ag submittals ron  binatang filipino i guess  #altercebu #cebualter "
"Kind of wanna join that sigaw darna thing going on////////// WIP draw other Filipino superheroes laterrr "
"Handsome, #Asian Male of #Filipino/#Hawaii descent. Very fit, active and healthy. I will only accept if signed lega "
" Mrs. Acierto made the best damn Filipino egg rolls you ever had."
" That just proves how we filipino loves you Fumiya san . You have a real Pinoy Heart . Real recognizes real"
" Are you Filipino?"
" : SK Reform Act's Emergency Relief &amp; Protection Act Sign Language Act WIFI Access In Public Places"
" she does not go by debbie for all the reasons you listed. but she does work as a computer programmer "
"Simula raw nang ilunsad nila ang patimpalak ay kinakitaan na nila ng kompiyansa sa sarili ang mga batang kalahok. &lt;3 "
"More than 7,000 Filipino and American forces began their 35th joint military exercises on Monday as militants linke "
" IKR???? I HAVE AN ENTIRE FILIPINO FAMILY and i think it's somehow adorable, it just serves to show how cute you all are"
" : Kim Sook and Sandara Park prepared breakfast for their Filipino twins. but why is just looking for a pan lid so difficult? "
"  hater yan sila ni kuya john ng filipino moviez"
" : toxic filipino culture:kapag may boyfriend ka, mabubuntis ka."
" : Tbh I'm so fucking over artsy soft boys, art school sucks"
" : Salamat po sa inyong pagtiwala sa akin, Ebe. Malaking bagay ang iyong pagtindig kasama ko para sa karapatan ng mamamay"
" : Filipino parents are so hard to impress yet so easy to disappoint "
" :  I'm down for Filipino! I can do Mandarin pronunciation just fine, but uhhhhh, I don't actually know ho"
"Binge-watching (or should I say, re-watching after more than a decade) these old Filipino romantic films.  go fr "
"oops filipino youtubers be hattin hahaha"
"English- 78- 79- 75- 99"
"I'm already stressing out "
" : filipino stana fans: rarely speaks Tagalog with each other on twitter: maraming salamat. mahal ko kayo! s"
" Math filipino"
"Just watched Eerie and I must say, and I stress,  this is one of the BEST Filipino Horror film that I've ever seen, "
" : Whether or not  is cheating on his wife is their business.  Duts cheating on the Filipino people for sell"
"Public wars ng Filipino Youtubers!  Such a #Disappointment  "
"Filipino moms always take the time to really look at their kids and point out the things they don like about their appearance lmao"
" : so does every filipino family have a tita named  and a tito named ?"
"Sana may award din na filipino time HAHAHAHAHA tulad sa pinsan ko"
"   Ofc!!"
" : Labour policy for example of guaranteeing every successful NHS applicant a Visa regardless of their pay grade is a distinct"
"  Filipino ka right?"
"19.  filipino. mahal kita.  "
"Funny and Embarrassing Moments of Filipino Divers in SEA Games 2015. Anyare??? . . . "
"my friends and i will meet at 11am tomorrow. it takes approx 1hr 30mins to our meeting place from my home. i need t "
" : BLOG | Filipino artist Carlos Celdran has been fighting his conviction for causing religious offense with a performance"
"Any other Filipino Here?"
" I'm down for Filipino! I can do Mandarin pronunciation just fine, but uhhhhh, I don't actually kno "
"3 things people say to me a lot ) you got little eyes) you got big lips )what are you mixed with ? Filipino?"
" :  It odd that he compliment the Filipino people, then show he doesn value their time"
" :  Yeah, any of those would be good! He could be Filipino...? I'd have a better chance of finding and bei"
"Anyare sa mga Filipino Youtuber? Hays!  "
"ah hey I wrote this ://t.co/xcPvCNE8MK"
" : This time she pretended to flinch (via )://t.co/JFlVI6ESym"
"3rd movie   ko alam Kung bakit ngayon nararamdaman kong gusto Mong manood NG filipino movie"
"Stop by and add some new skills to your grappling arsenal tonight with our Catch Wrestling class.'s Schedule "
" Yeah, any of those would be good! He could be Filipino...? I'd have a better chance of finding and "
"Tummy so happy!! barkada.bowl  Barkada Bowl Poke and Filipino Food "
"International rap musics is so lit daw pero when it comes to Filipino rap music it's jeje or pang skwater."
" : DOLE negotiates employment of Filipino teachers in Thailand "
"Where's my Filipino 5SOS fam at?"
" : Maybe I don't do some efforts for this, but, I love them badly. am a Filipino Citizen, from Manila.  eyes of peopl"
" filipino perspective on drug culture is different than typical americans"
"1of2...  Hola! Mga Kapamliya,ito na po ang simula ng ating tagumpay! Gumising po tayo ng maaga tuwing Sabado ng 6:3 "
" :  are certainly blessed and privileged to have someone as dedicated as President Duterte as the captain of our ship st"
" : Salinlahi Alliance for Children Concerns: 31% of Filipino children still live below poverty line; 29,000 die yearly due t"
" :  That'd be good, he could be Chinese or even Indonesian or Filipino or something... Unfortunately, I kn"
" : Toxic Filipino Culture: medals = Good future medal = No future"
" PAUMANHIN PO AKING SINTA SUBALIT ANG AKING DIYALOGO AY DI PERPEKTO PAGDATING SA FILIPINO. AHHAHAHAHAA KOKIII"
"#enlightenmentnovel is a YA book that incorporates Filipino history &amp; folklore! #princessurduja is a debated woman "
" nehhdjs im not filipino but i love filipinos"
"A Filipino Fusion Counter Is Selling Lechon-Style Brisket in Dupont "
" : Thank uu   "
"my cousin taylor asked if he looks Filipino &amp; i said yes "
" :  kaibigan is a toxic Filipino culture. You don ask discounts from well-known establishments, do you? Pay them"
" : every filipino student in that rides  jeepneys "
"Filipino and English... I love being born in a bilingual country"
" thank u filipino"
" : The Preamble of the Constitution of the Philippines is so Glorious for it acknowledges the LORDSHIP OF ALMIGHTY GOD! , th"
"Mitoy Yonting. April 4, Thursday, 8pm. Casino  Filipino MACTAN. Free entrance. 21 years old and above.#mitoyyonting "
" Filipino ka pala HAHAHAHA "
" : 8 different ways to wait for your favorite series -2 till the first episode! !   your calendar every Thursday!  http"
"After making Filipino media wait EIGHT HOURS,  skips press conference | Sports | GMA News Online "
"Who willing to help a girl out for her Filipino orals :-("
" I WANT TO GO TO THE #CokeStudioSummerConcert ewan basta gusto lang manuod. JOKE I STAN Filipino music artists"
"Filipino as hell lmao "
" MANOY DIBA FILIPINO NG CHICKEN YON? HAHAHAHA"
"the amount of times I heard the words filipino boys are heartbreakers. they're only good as friends come out of m "
" : WHY ARE WE NOT TALKING ABOUT THIS MORE Filipino-American Pixar Animation Studios story artist announced that he would cr"
"i ran out of soap but good thing i remembered im filipino so i just added water "
" : Filipino phenom Danny The King Kingad punches his ticket into the ONE Flyweight World Grand Prix semifinals with a s"
"Hello  it's me again. I would like to start off by saying thank you. Thank you for producing quality e "
"#Filipino #family #diversity #animation  #Pixar #movie "
"A Filipino Fusion Counter Is Selling Lechon-Style Brisket in Dupont "
"New Filipino spot The Flipside debuts in Dupont Circle "
" : Hi guys,  naman po natin ang White day sa Japan:)  special guest ako today. Haha! for watching. vi"
"  Yes! #Filipino"
"KUYA, HALATA MO BAAA?? DALAWA KAMING NAGSI CC SAYO. BASHER YUNG ISA!!  Okay lang Filipino/Filipina kase tayo part "
" OH CRAP NO IT'S APPLE PALA CARD [REVOKED]"
" I believed you &amp; admire you a lot. Evermore, now that I see your strength, character &amp; true love f "
"Hungry and I forgot my filipino food smfh"
" : Happy #Feastday #StPredroCalungsod, Patron of Filipino youth, Catechumens, altar boys, &amp; the Philippines. #prayforus! #"
"  No sane and patriotic Filipino and no wise and righteous person in other parts of the world "
" : If your boyfriend filipino , you single to me .. wtf Mark R.J. Santos de la Cruz gone do  ?"
"KAILANGAN KO NG FILIPINO MUTUAL TARA TWITTER"
"nalulungkot pa rin talaga ako :( kung sinagutan ko lang talaga muna yung filipino part ng reading comprehension at "
" :  "
" 80% Im from CA &amp; I Filipino "
"It may sometimes take us decades to learn a life lesson but it never too late to correct them. Congratulations, M "
" "
" PUSH MO YAN SIS. PUSH LIKE GO FOR IT AND NOT PUSH LIKE TULAK IN FILIPINO AH. HUEHUE."
" : Toxic Filipino Culture: Ur relatives won't help u in ur studies but when u finished and become successful, they act as if"
" :     It's always harder for Filipinos yet we still patronize going to concer"
"With hella bass from their nuts lmao My entire Filipino side is bad about that shit  "
" : You both made a lot of Filipino smile and laugh to the point that we can't help but produce a lot of GAS hahahaha.  S"
" : Parang bata makipag-argue si Freddie Aguilar wtf. Di mo talaga pwede ilaban lang yung pagiging face of Filipino music kung"
"Slamdunk, HxH, and Yu Yu Hakusho were my childhood. If you're a Filipino, they're your staple weekday afternoon animes."
"Filipino: Es que desde el 2016, han habido 5 mil muertes por culpa de Durterte y su guerra contra el narco, Filipin "
"I had the opportunity of sharing in this couples wedding ceremony. At this moment, in a Filipino wedding, during th "
"Haay nakakakilig. Mararamdaman mo talagang inlove sila sa isa isa  Pers time ko talaga maging fan! I don even "
" : The Trump administration is banning seasonal workers from the Philippines this year, citing a high visa overstay rate. The"
"Half pinoy, half Filipino. unsay lahi aning animal?  feeling confused"
" I hardly get Filipino either. Filipinos think my dad is not my dad"
" : my filipino ass parents would never allow me to do this "
" : not all filipino boys break hearts, y jus be choosing the gago bastos type"
"How I messed up my life by MISUNDERSTANDING/MISHEARDING a Filipino Sentence: lang di niyo basahin, this just he "
" : TOXIC FILIPINO CULTURE:- Speaking english is the basis of intelligence- Drinking starbucks is the basis of being rich-"
" : 5 DAYS TO GO! a local program catering Filipino audiences, the Ang Dating Daan hosted by Bro. Eli Soriano has gr"
" your staff Reshanth Kundumkara(AFC),al wasl road, is my husband who had forcefully dropped me in I "
"Filipino flavours earn first place at street food contest | The Dialog "
"Grand Hyper Kuwait Filipino Shopping Week Philippines Fest with Live Music of Jamstart Band. 4, 2019 - Farwa "
" : This is a 1939 diary entry by Dwight Eisenhower explaining why he bought a typewriter in Manila. Plainly put, he bought it"
"A reason to sulk why I became a Filipino "
" : IQ is falling, society is slowing down:-Indian or Filipino tech support that runs you in circles-airports take forever"
"Filipino song y33t "
"Voy a nacionalizarme filipino."
"The first Filipino Horror film that made me nervous!!! Not your typical jologs and predictable ones. Ang galing gal "
" : With two daughters having Asperger syndrome and a son with autism, this #Filipino expat is one of the UAE's staunche"
" !I uploaded many videos:But no View u have 1 video thats many view and they liked i "
"Ang alam ko talaga matapang ako e. But this movie brings out the scared kid in me. I can forget Erika face! "
"NCAA Division 1 player Remy Martin is proud to be a Filipino! ://t.co/jlFWaKwhlY "
" That'd be good, he could be Chinese or even Indonesian or Filipino or something... Unfortunately, "
"Yo!!! Haha I died laughing...  Johnny you picked the wrong house "
" Hammet is amazing. He half Filipino from his moms side and the usual white trash mix from his dad. "
" : One of my Most Hated Filipino Culture:  lang maliit ang sahod, atleast you get so much experience working here. "
" : SCOOP: Before his presidency, Duterte ruled Davao City, where Filipino police were consistently accused of enabling dea"
"[Grade 7] Adarna, first play for Filipino subject. Nakakapagod yun actually HAHAHA. Nagsisimula palang pala "
"well I suppose that the end of my Canadian family saying  in a comically strong Filipino accent"
" It odd that he compliment the Filipino people, then show he doesn value their time"
"get your ass down and imma whip you with my belt lol asian/filipino kids knows how it feels "
"The Trump administration is banning seasonal workers from the Philippines this year, citing a high visa overstay ra "
" : My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 |"
"Wedding Fair at Ayala Fairview Terraces://t.co/FwpDOjU5i3#event #LettesHaven #blogger #Philippines #love "
" :  Hello! Im a filipino artist  and i do digital art!! I also do commissions and you can check my works at https"
" : Eerie makes a huge step forward for the filipino film production. Applause applause for another worthy pinoy masterpiece "
" : i've never been that stressed sa panonood ng filipino horror film. felt like aatakihin lang me any moment hehe. ang galing"
"thoughts about filipino memes  cringey  na pagtumagal "
"#malbal no cuenta, por qu tengo que creerla?? Solo lo pone fino filipino..y ya est.. podemos poner verd "
" : why every filipino got a kid named anak"
" I got Mexican, Chinese, Filipino, mix of Mexican and an Asian ethnic. But hardly Vietnamese. Even Vietn "
"170 slides Stats. 257 pages coverage for research. Filipino Research. English Research. Eulogy."
" : Compare to other Filipino Horror Movies, I can say that Eerie is something that we can be proud of. Hindi sya yung usual"
"One toxic filipino culture is seeing their ofw relatives as cash cows. Galit pa pag di nabigyan n like did we even "
" : why does jihoon look filipino "
" Filipino ini mah, tagalog detected lol"
" : Toxic filipino culture sucks."
" pero kung filipino indie film tol- Birdshot- Metro Manila"
" : Dalagang Pilipina pero bagsak sa Filipino."
" : Dont just settle on training urself to read long stories in English, coz sa UPCAT, maraming mga Filipino stories."
" I USED TO KNOW SO MANY FILIPINO IRLS THAT DID THAT?? so bizarre nothing against filipinos but"
" : English - delicious  - masarap - "
"ang sarap sarap naman ng fusion ng filipino/korean samgy ng GRILL EAT "
"filipino romance genre punya movie insya allah takkan pernah menghampakan ea ok harini i rasa saja nak nangis "
" : No offense but I just want to represent for fat/plus size Filipino ladies. Y beautiful don let anyone tell you other wise"
" Filipino is in the group of Asian. So perhaps that?"
" You have ascended past horniness.... such power is only attainable by a Filipino"
" sir please help me. My husband has cheated me and spoiled my life by having an extramarital affair with "
" : Thank you  for being an inspiration to many Filipino volleyball fans!  We are so proud of you!  #"
"PERO BAGO MATAPOS ANG LAHAT PARA TO SA X-LOVE FINALLY MAY LITRATO DIN KAMI NG ISA SA PINAKAMAHUSAY NA GURO SA FI "
" Half filipino - half amazing. "
"ICYMI: , may alok na unlimited free rides para sa Filipino Veterans mula April 5-11, 2019. Ito ay bi "
"Apr 2 Specials-Butter Chicken;-Chicken Noodle, Potato &amp; Bacon;-Kare Kare"
"  I love bts so much,bts is my happiness,bts is my life,We love you,Filipino Fan is "
" : Lakas ng loob maging English Grammar Nazi, pero 'pag sa Filipino, hindi pa rin alam ang pinagkaiba ng simpleng ng at na"
" : Please tell all the filipino's to be not toxic on dota  guys pls dont fuck up in dota 2! "
"FEBRUARY 2018 na yung times na umiiyak ako bago matulog kase natatakot ako baka di namen matapos un research s "
"Banyak sangat layan movie filipino dekat netflix ni. English aku pun dah bunyi filipino. Terpengaruh betul."
" Hindi pwede. After 2 years, ang mga pwede lang makuhang course ay ang mga nasa ilalim lang ng Depar "
" :    Pano tayo napunta dito? The Philippines has sunk to its lowest low. Filipinos against Fili"
"  matagal na yan sab, yung sa concert nila dito last 2017 tas may ibang Filipino fans na binast "
"Dalagang Pilipina pero bagsak sa Filipino."
" Am A Filipino cookbook nominated for James Beard Award #JamesBeardFoundationAward "
" : Eerie is such a commendable Filipino horror film.  it from me  besides, I have high standards when it comes to horror fi"
" : Four Filipino entrepreneurs included in Forbes list "
" : What further highlighted Rappler participation in Carpio deception was when they ignored what Filipino international law"
"Masyadong toxic ang mga filipino pota"
" : Nakakasawa na yung toxic filipino trait na nangbabash kapag may achievement yung ibang tao. Why not be happy for their ach"
"The Filipino food entrepreneurs bringing new flavours to Nelson "
"Tabo or shower head?  IM THE TABO IS AN ESSENTIAL "
"Isa sa mga worth it na filipino movies."
"filipino time!! it always late hahahaha#RitaDanielaFlorita"
" I want to go to the #CokeStudioSummerConcert because I want to support different opm artists and watch "
" : James Reid (Filipino Celeb) wearing  #Represent93.: owner #GOT7 #  #PrisonLifeOfFools_JB"
" : GOOD NEWS: The DOTr M-3 will give free rides to our Filipino veterans on April 5-11, 2019, from 5:30AM to 10:30PM, in obser"
" : What do you think about this shot out technique ? "
" :  Bruh I not even East Asian but I been compared to East Asians aLOT like there was this girl I knew and"
"  I love bts so much,bts is my happiness,bts is my life,Filipino Fan is here,we love "
" : When it April 2nd and your life is still a joke "
" : U get a +5 magic attribute when ur filipino "
" : Going to publish an article named the Hypocrisy of the Filipino people. I am so done with all of our bullshit., r"
" Can they approve also here in the mainland for the extensions for the h2b filipino who is still look "
" : Cower in terror before the awesome might of the Filipino snake god Zuma and his shoulder-mounted serpents! "
"If we do not reform our political system, we would be in a situation that is wrecking always our Filipino nation."
"TOXIC FILIPINO CULTURE."
" AND SIS IF U SEE FILIPINO GIRLS THAT LOOKS KOREAN ON UR FACEBOOK DP...THEY ON ANOTHER LEVEL OF THIS FETISHIZATION :))"
"This LA Bar Is Promoting Female Empowerment Through Filipino Culture "
" : You DO NOT have to be Filipino to be in one. I repeat, YOU DO NOT have to Filipino. "
"   the article is suspicious , Boo Boo the fool is funny to me because BooBoo means fool in Filipino.. "
"Now Bigger &amp; better. Our signature Filipino grilled chicken inasal. us tomorrow at KERB Kings Cross, Gran "
"Of course, I can move to a country that has so many racists, elitists and a very pervasive culture of MOBBING bec "
" : Throwback: Just one more question, Paredes: Is this how you plan to marshall the immense power of your celebrity for the"
"DOLE negotiates employment of Filipino teachers in Thailand "
" some asian fans, most filipino armys says maybe its august or ber months and im not readyyyyy"
" : Professor Mabalon book brings awareness to a forgotten Filipino labor leader, Larry Itliong "
"Late dinner ( Lobo Filipino Tavern in Makati City) "
"Filipino Blinks! 11pm on April 4, 2019 ire-release dito sa Pilipinas ha? Abang abang na tayo non bago mag-11, okay? "
"Op can only speak in Filipino and English started studying English at the age of 5"
"  Filipino girl/on repeat  jadine forever."
"Oks lang kung 4 ang Filipino, minor lang naman. But wtf, scitech?! Isa ka pang biz ka, makatawa ka akala mo laking "
"Film oomfs I dare y to watch  filipino indie films we have sum good ones too!!"
"*PANICS IN FILIPINO* "
" : May tumugon! Patuloy na magbahagi.Uniform mo,uniforme!  pumunta sa Filipino Department(Sir Jandee de Leon) o sa S"
" :   Will is white washed as hell but looks more Filipino than me "
" : Proud. ://t.co/W9DuTq7Lna"
" : Filipino culture is having one Tito Jun and one Tita Rose. One or the other. Sometimes both."
"another talent ng darwin?  kaya namin gumawa ng comics, essay,tula, at drawing in five mins or less bcs of FILIPIN "
" Alin? NANGDODOKTOR NG SAGOT SA FILIPINO? HAHAHAHA"
" Si Ginang Roxas, ang aking guro sa Filipino, ay umaalog"
"(There ain't nothing in this world like a Filipino Girl)"
"Pero buti nalang hindi niya naisipan na XB stage name niya filipino stans can relate "
" people who patronize Filipino Nurses are not any better.  especially sometimes they get jealous because of how much  we make."
" :  REALLY WANTED TO EAT THIS FILIPINO FOOD!!! "
"Should I make a thread how I messed up my life because of MISUNDERSTANDING a Filipino sentence..."
"If you support Du30 before that's fine but If you still support him w/e knowing your countrymen are out of jobs bec "
" :  FAVORITE FILIPINO PRODUCTS!!! "
"i need to learn some filipino dishes because i doubt theres gonna be any places where i end up that serve it lmao"
" : Happy #TransDayOfVisibility ! I'm a non binary black &amp; filipino cosplayer that really loves dressing up as mostly femme-align"
" As a parent Mexican and half Filipino I understand I get so mistreated like one side of my family "
" : happy birthday from your Filipino fans!! we love u   "
"Toxic Filipino culture says otherwise.  "
" Ginang Roxas my Filipino teacher is shaking"
" : I'm such a hopeless ramen-tic when it comes to food, especially hybrid cuisines like Japanese-Filipino that serve up bowls"
"Pedro Calungsod: A 17-year-old Filipino catechist who was killed for his faith "
"Fvck that toxic Filipino mindsets"
" : "
" : Beijing had been embolden by the  of Filipino forces to react to probing tactics by Chinese vessels, and on the"
"Lil Pump translated to Filipino: "
"Pagconcert talaga pinag usapan masasabi mong mayayaman mga Filipino."
"Vocalsynth Philippines: A Discord server for Filipino fans of Vocaloid, UTAU, and other singing synths #LofeBot"
"Ano daw filipino ng SINCE BIH???? Funny talaga nila dalawa tulo laway ko "
" : I still can get over how tone deaf and unrealistic this picture of Manitoba nurses is, none of them are Filipino https:/"
" : EJKs, Rape Jokes, Farmers being Killed, China onerous loans, Filipino Fishermen being harassed by Chinese Vessels, Imee"
" : #Mystified serves world-class entertainment to an international audience while maintaining its appeal to mainstream Filipino"
" : Toxic filipino mindset:: Pag nanahimik ka, guilty ka.: Pero pag pinaglaban mo sarili mo, defensive ka."
"   Sucks I live in the States. I would love to meet all Filipino Afternators! Have fun! "
" Diversity meaning all kinds of race  or nationality in the league or is this another black man crying f "
"Filipino army! Baka naman hahahahahah follow ko kayoo!"
"i've never been that stressed sa panonood ng filipino horror film. felt like aatakihin lang me any moment hehe. ang "
"  Poetry books sa literaturang Filipino = &lt;3 (basta alam mo mga tamang books at author na bibilhinn ahahaha)"
" Katong sa english aye dab den filipino yey"
"floyd mayweather really left the Filipino press hanging for 8 hours and then it was suddenly announced he was not g "
"toxic filipino culture: 'Pag may nanghiram sa 'yo tapos antagal ibalik, wala man lang initiative kailangan ikaw p "
"ang taas lang siguro ng standard ko, pero sabi nila best Filipino horror movie so far daw to. ;) "
" Favorite food? Can I be basic filipino and say Hopia Hapon?"
" :  Hello! Im a filipino artist  and i do digital art!! I also do commissions and you can check my works at https:/"
"  M ayuda a los pueblos. F, industrializaci, servicios y ayuda hacer eso si te lim "
" : toxic filipino culture feeling foreigners yung mga may tweet na ganito, kala mo di pinoy. hi pakers"
"Filipino History is really bittersweet."
"Toxic filipino culture?  Sinda na si nagsugo iyu pa mga demanding ampta hahaha "
"ung Filipino *deds* "
"toxic filipino culture feeling foreigners yung mga may tweet na ganito, kala mo di pinoy. hi pakers"
" Juan Miguel Severo, eh di patunayan mo sa mga Filipino na alam mo nga ang ibig sabihin ng sovereignty a "
" 8 start filipino entrep cpar at major niyo na isa samin kasi sabi p6"
" : 2. a lot of my work lately is about reclaiming heritage and exploring identity. you can see that most clearly in *home ag"
" Oo compare sa mga filipino na mga horror movies. Nindot sya oy"
" Y i k e s. Typical Filipino f-boi."
" : Filipino athletes bring home 29 medals from the Special Olympics World Games. "
"Loving this Filipino Indigenous art/design trend &lt;3  lahat ina-associate &lt;3 #futureisnow #labyourown #ArtPH"
"We known this all along but still fascinating to know: How Building Churches Out of Egg Whites Transformed "
" : Hi #ArtistsofSEA ! I Eunpyon, a Filipino artist based in Makati who loves to draw tired gals who love to dream : https:/"
"  . Nagtatago? Binabale-wala? Magde-deny? Bakit? How can one not celebrate "
"Kentucky University Studies Show Marijuana Linked With Hangover Risk In Filipino Baby Boomers"
"FILIPINO TIME UTENSILS OR YOUR HANDS??  Hands! Wtf are u even Filipino if u ain using ur hands "
"HOLLYWOOD PLEASE LET CHARLES MICHAEL DAVIS PLAY A BLACK FILIPINO AMERICAN. I WILL SHOUT INTO THE VOID UNTIL WE GET "
" Sa filipino sizt.."
" : Eerie is the best filipino horror movie I've ever watched tbh!!  ang pelikula. Sobrang swabe ng score, cinematog"
"  haba ng nguso tapos lagi kami nagpapalipad ng airplane tuwing filipino HAHAHA"
" : There is a whole generation of part filipino kids participating in fil am basketball. Its pretty cool to watch https://"
"Hindi talaga kaya ng mga Filipino na maging masaya na lang din para sa kapwa Filipino eh no? Tanginang mentalidad yan"
"  The runaways slayer  her unique pure Filipino face is undeniably very pre "
" : toxic filipino culture is being expected to stay still while your elders treat you like a doormat in the name of "
"Interesting read: America influence in #Filipino culture &amp; clothes through the century | Esquire Ph via  "
" : boba tea of the day:              ||                |    |    /      filipino rap       /          is not"
" : toxic filipino culture is adults always being superior around the younger generation. sure, we respect them and their wisdom o"
" : This is a leader!  President issued a directive that henceforth, he directed SolGen and Department of Justice to study a"
" Indeed. Lots of forgery going on though no idea if some of these kids are actually Filipino "
"Eerie best filipino horror movie yet"
" why are you trying so hard to tweet in Filipino? Just tweet in English  and please make sure you not "
"Eerie is the best filipino horror movie I've ever watched tbh!!  ang pelikula. Sobrang swabe ng score, cin "
"Filipino culture is having one Tito Jun and one Tita Rose. One or the other. Sometimes both."
"An ARMY but also a... JHS completer With Honors Best in Science and Technology 7th placer - Collaborative "
"02 April + Saint Pedro Calungsod, Martyr and Catechist   of Filipino Youth Pedro Calungsod (c. 1654 "
"someone tell the filipino grandparents "
" : #SMNINEWSBLAST: Kapakanan ng sambayanang Filipino, pinatitiyak ng pangulo sa mga ahensya ng pamahalaan.#DZAR1026#SMNINews h"
"  El punto filipino"
"#Eerie, with its simple ghosts/characters prosthetics, complemented with great actors, and its storyline and plot t "
"#Eerie is definitely not the typical  Filipino horror film. It is way better than other Filipino films who "
" : Typical Toxic Filipino. "
" : #ATEEZinMANILA  up with your mobile number and email address 's do this FILIPINO ATINYS!  Internat"
" : Looks like China is feeling the heat from Del Rosario/Carpio/Filipino fishermen complaint filed at  . Ambas"
" : Hollup, Filipino ATINYs! Let's make #ATEEZinManila happen!  click "
" Is this peak Filipino?"
"    NOOO you,lier!!! Im not filipino"
"Naay groupings sa filipino na same ra since 1st grading to 4th grading. Didto nakilaya si ganda tapos kay grabe ka "
"This episode of the Light Instructional Series focuses on the Abanyko strike or Professional Arnis.  Features Guro "
"unpopular edition: Filipino Vlogger/Youtuber "
"welpppppp  im really having a bad time basta filipino juuuuudddd"
"These people represents the toxic filipino culture &amp; hypocrites in today society. "
"Filipino ang may ari ng pilipinas pero iba ang nakikinabang sa mga yamang mineral."
"praying for  the  President and  the  filipino people is now  happening "
"the filipino mob is a world class troll #peenoise"
" : my mom is opening a filipino restaurant called Titas of Manila and would really appreciate if anyone in the area would ch"
"Ganyan mga Filipino eh nag-aral: Bobo papaano nakapagtapos: Bobo pa rin kasi  silbi ang pinag "
" : quick Filipino lesson: KA - you're beautiful MO - i love you MO? - how are you? KA - you're so"
"She really  Anak, thats how filipino kids know. LMAO  "
" : LOOK: Students from different universities held a mobilization to strongly condemn the recent massacre of 14 farmers in"
"toxic filipino culture? When parents don know what privacy, passion and growth. You no longer a child to be sheltered"
"         "
" : Filipino bishops to tell Pope Francis about BARMM, other peace efforts "
" Prepare to have you nipples hardened by Filipino hackers"
" : sabi ni maria sereno every Filipino should be proud of maria ressa. hala, ka mam uy, nabuang na jud ang yawa."
"nakaka pota yung filipino talasalitaan na yan"
" : ANY TXT FILIPINO STANS HERE?!?  WHERE YOU ATTTTT?!?!!!!"
"Filipino seafarers deployed in 2018 reduced almost 25%. Is the rationale valid? ://t.co/2u6JiJvMwu"
" not  how i not filipino but people think i am!!!"
"Crisis Childhood. Sold out to ISIS: Filipino child soldiers  D "
" I'm not trying to bring you down. I shouldn't have used first because Triumph Division has other female "
" : #Eerie is doing benchmark of concepts and ideas of international horror films, giving a better taste of thriller movies for the"
"Typical Toxic Filipino. "
" : rt to be in a filipino once gdm - stans ot9- filo- kalog- friendly - bawal ons- bawal toxic- will start at 10- mah"
"        "
"#Eerie is doing benchmark of concepts and ideas of international horror films, giving a better taste of thriller mo "
"Parang bata makipag-argue si Freddie Aguilar wtf. Di mo talaga pwede ilaban lang yung pagiging face of Filipino mu "
" : Jaime Ramon Jim Paredes (born August 31, 1951) is a Filipino musician, producer, educator, writer, photographer, televi"
"  BECAUSE MAAM U DONT LOOK FILIPINO AJAJSJ Wait are you full filipino?!?!"
"Tinalo niya tayo sa sarili nating Filipino time ano charz "
" like u know when u look at filipinos aND YOU KNOW IN YOUR SOUL that they filipino LAJSKA I DIDNT HAD THAT WITH YOU LMAAOO"
" : Chinese boats deny Filipino fishermen access to sandbars  "
"And then after doing some brainzstorming I have decided to choose a place they like that has more Filipino cuisine "
" wait you fiLIPINO"
"Today we remember the #BataanDeathMarch. In April 1942, the U.S. surrendered the Bataan Peninsula (Philippines) to "
" : LOOK: John Lennon son Julian pokes fun at Filipino lemonade stand "
" i didn geT A FILIPINO VIBE AKSBNABSBA"
"Proud of the filipino admin here  "
" : How Filipino BPOs can stay competitive as tax reform looms "
" : The posporo scene from EERIE was the best, naka ilang pota ako. Gurl perfect jud ang story, acting and cinematography. No"
"Those look like my Filipino grandma would always wear on family gatherings, like all jokes aside. "
" : Recognition Day Honor, Proficient in Filipino and Proficient in Research. my hard works paid off, Thanks to Papa"
" reply ka naman sa filipino thesis natin pre"
" I was born in the Philippines but was raised in Cajun Country. East-Meets-South. Filipino chicken-s "
"The best Filipino teacher na na-meet ko, puro tawa sa klase hahays at natuto ako nang sobra "
"Pero ang magandang balita, hindi man makikitang maglaro si James sa FIBA World, malapit naman siyang mapanood sa pe "
"21.) Aside from Wikang Filipino, kapampangan and english other than that wala na po hahahaha"
"ok qUESTION !! HOW DO I NOT LOOK FILIPINO SOMEONE PLZ EXPLAIN THIS IS THE 10th TIME"
"pati filipino youtubers toxic kaya ayoko nanonood nyan e HAHAHAHAHAH"
"Toxic Filipino mindset bakla ka, salot ka sa lipunan."
" The question is what characteristic she possess that filipino should be proud of? Na buang na jud si Sereno"
" I said Kranch Kranch in a filipino accent"
"Toxic filipino mindset: ang iba makapagpatawa lang."
" : Arrived in Bacolod to the news that  snatched a very late equalizer vs PSM Makassar. 1-1. Precious point for the Fi"
" : rt if u stan c9 boyz  be mutuals !!![esp filipino hehehe]"
"Best in filipino negranza*Ako si maria clara isinilang ng walang kinagisnang ina best daw pagganap ko dito "
"Damn regular Filipino moms would rather have their kids using juuls than smoke herb smfh "
"  Filipino Boys are more in to brown or Darkskin girls tho"
"this is the most filipino thing i've seen today "
"2. a lot of my work lately is about reclaiming heritage and exploring identity. you can see that most clearly in *h "
"...And what is the PH Coast Guard and Philippine Navy (or AFP) doing other than communicating with DFA to ENSURE th "
"I'm trying to learn Korean as a roadmap to learn my boyfriend's language- Filipino. We were watching Youtube tutori "
"There is a whole generation of part filipino kids participating in fil am basketball. Its pretty cool to watch "
"Eerie is such a commendable Filipino horror film.  it from me  besides, I have high standards when it comes "
" just from the first txt i already knew your mom is filipino "
"toxic filipino mindest: pag naka liptint ka pokpok ka"
" Bc he always doing the most random shit . Nah but forreal Kenzie said that since they mentioned his "
"  make since,  esteee sense pala.  Filipino here, but no rights to judge."
"Your yearning for adventure animates big ambitions. You rea... More for Aries "
" Just 20 or 30? I'm doubtful with one since I'm 3/4 filipino, 1/4 spanish but does not really follow something spanish."
"The internet is the number one need of people nowadays because of their works. If their no competition and their vi "
"toxic filipino mindset: naka iphone ka, mayaman ka"
"i got this idea from listening to filipino disco songs like rock baby rock playing from the other room lmao i can "
" : Birthday gift of Filipino Limelights to  !!  "
"ngayo ko b energy mag study sa minors, esp sa filipino kay feeling anatomy sa mga ipamemorize  hehe"
"why do filo moots still talk in englosh even during dms? like i do that too but damn we can understanf filipino but "
" : I've never been this scared before sa Filipino horror movie  Feng Shui pa last grr ganda ng Eerie "
"I'm trying to learn Korean as a roadmap to learn my boyfriend's language- Filipino. We were watching Youtube tutori "
" : filipino easy ka lang ha? makisama ka"
"I have been working on my Filipino article for 4 days and I am quite sure that she will still fail me.  fuck my life"
" : DND to Filipino fishermen: Continue fishing in our waters "
"[12] i was born Filipino but i found out that my surname was from chinese keme ksjdkd maybe it's bc my father [yuzuru] is from China"
"to studying in kisay, to going all the way to baguio for a conference, to writing a LOT of filipino outputa togethe "
"Eerie makes a huge step forward for the filipino film production. Applause applause for another worthy pinoy masterpiece "
"20 questions with Filipino-Canadian Pacific FC defender Matthew Baldisimo via /r/asianamerican "
"Is it filipino culture to always look for someone to blame when things go bad?"
"can boomers dye already especially politicians Especially the filipino ones"
"I've never been this scared before sa Filipino horror movie  Feng Shui pa last grr ganda ng Eerie "
" speaks more than 7 languages ( spanish, korean, japanese, french, a little bit filipino, english, german, chinese "
"How similar are we?  -- 10 points every box  long black hair has been to a concert more than 5 or so ( incl "
" I'm going to watch more of the Filipino films on Netflix! So far, so great, with them! :-)"
" oh sorry its a curse word in filipino, i was disgusted by this tweets thats why "
"Filipino pani gi busdak nanis igsuon  "
"40. Filipino"
" : Darna was never really a big part of childhood. It was just something everybody knew about cuz she's an iconic Filipino sup"
"San Pedro Calungsod, 2nd Filipino Saint, Patron Saint of Filipino Youth, pray for us! "
"Back to the drawing board. Change is important for growth. Bangkang Papel Ph is undergoing progressive change.  "
" : Join us as we witness a back-to-back event featuring the SCALE projects of PSHS-WVC Grade 12 scholars and the book launch"
" : So this Chinese envoy tells Filipino fisherfolks on limitations as to where they can earn their livelihood  in their ow"
"We were 30+ strong Filipino Pharmacists who have attended the 4th AYPG Leadership Summit in Kuala Lumpur last 2017. "
"Oh dba may nagawa akong quiz kanina sa filipino"
"I will never understand why the Filipino people love killing our own. It's disgusting and sad."
"With honor in Pagsulat sa Filipino sa Piling Larangan in Front Office Services "
" Love your Russian drama tweets. Try Filipino drama next time. Haha."
" OP THIS IS SUCH A MOOD i hced all the harleycrockegbewhatevers as korean/filipino and had to hold back on m "
" boss teka lang di ko maintindihan e can u liek translate it in filipino "
" : TODAY IN FILIPINO HISTORY  2 April 1788: Francisco Balagt, one of the greatest literary laureates in the Tag lang"
"DND to Filipino fishermen: Continue fishing in our waters "
" Hi, I'm currently conducting research on Filipino memetics. I was wondering if I can use this specific "
"There are two types of people in this world; you want to drink with and people who make you want to drink.  "
"remember before dara was in 2ne1 she was a filipino child star and she gave us THIS BOP "
"An Original signed hardcopy print shared with the social entreprenneur and leader in the Filipino community "
"  AND ALSO YOU FILIPINO OMGSJSKSK"
" : GISING PILIPINAS dumagsa ang mga Chinese workers sa bansa at napasok na ang construction projects ng mga"
" : Filipino girls really got all that attitude for no reason. Y'all better calm your 4'10 self down before someone throws"
"Ang hirap gumawa ng speech lalo na kapag sa wikang Filipino. Nakakadugo. "
"Ginawa mo best mo but you failed, tinawan ka nila nung nalaman nila kasi para sakanila di para sayo un. B sorry ha "
"The descriptive manner of the lyrics, intertwined with the beauty of the Filipino language, made this song really h "
" Hi, I'm currently conducting research on Filipino memetics. I was wondering if I can use this specifi "
"My piano teacher just tried to set me up with a  Filipino boy idk how to feel LOL"
"oBoB at least siya may narating, eh ikaw? napaka kikitid ng utak ng Filipino. mag aral nga kayo "
"The virgin white/Indian dating app match: is 18, confused, barely finished HS, wants to message for 2 weeks before "
" : Hi, guys. Can you help our Filipino  fisherfolks save their livelihood by retweeting this? Let's use Twitter to create n"
" Hi, I'm currently conducting research on Filipino memetics. I was wondering if I can use this specific "
" High Honors in Math in Science in Filipino in English in Aral.Pan Cla "
" : good luck sa grado nakos english and filipino hehe"
"si  life rajud ako nakit-an nga dili ingon ani nga filipino vlogger HAHAHAHAHAHA (if naa pa lain bahalag "
"JOBS IN BAHRAIN*****************/Female Promoter with Supermarket Background - Maza - Manama "
" A lof of my filo mutuals thought i was a filipino at first  some of them started became my mutuals "
"Happy birthday to Filipino poet Francisco Balagtas (Francisco Baltazar) (April 2, 1788), author of Florante at Laura and other works."
" : I just can't believe how Filipino couldn't accept flaws, specially on grammar. Should we call you guys AMERICANS?? http"
"Hello, friends. and sir Mel () shared to each other our works. When we read the lyrics to Balik Sa Simul "
"Half Filipino, Half pinoy "
"I still treat my baby like he a baby. Happy Birthday Baby Boy!! "
" If I a new follower, I would think you filipino "
"I just can't believe how Filipino couldn't accept flaws, specially on grammar. Should we call you guys AMERICANS?? "
" : I quote ate eunji but she said it in korean It's so sad that it seems foreigners would have a chance more than you even"
"There ain't nothing in this world like a filipino girl"
"good luck sa grado nakos english and filipino hehe"
"Proud to be a sponsor of Filipino Films featured at Garneau Theatre (TGIF) in collaboration with  and "
"Toxic filipino culture sucks."
"Filipino people hate the bubble, thatz why they support their president I found out... "
"May tumugon! Patuloy na magbahagi.Uniform mo,uniforme!  pumunta sa Filipino Department(Sir Jandee de Leon) "
""
"   they filipino AND** have really good songs (*`*)"
"Should i be proud that i am born a filipino? "
" Literally Filipino Time!"
" When you ate using a chopstick* Mom will tell ur not proud being a Filipino tho!"
" : This is so accurate it hurts. But have fun trying to stand up to your Filipino family about it ..... "
" Dalagang pilipina yeah,  mataas grado sa filipino neto nhu "
" : Idealista s que 'it will kill' ilusiones y esperanzas y no las armas de Forjado a fuego, amigo filipino. "
" :  Am a Filipino: And This Is How We Cook cookbook nominated to James Beard Foundation Book Awards "
"   Filipino"
"I cant wait for filipino carats to sing home with seventeen  ANG BILIS KO MAGISIP PERO STRONG AKO"
" MOVIE IS WOH TO WATCH! LEGIT, HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!  BEST FILIPINO HORROR MOVIE SO FAAAR "
"hay nako mga ibang filipino talaga ang bobobo"
"   Pano tayo napunta dito? The Philippines has sunk to its lowest low. Filipinos against "
"This is so accurate it hurts. But have fun trying to stand up to your Filipino family about it ..... "
" :  not about how much we lost, it about how much we have left. Tickets are now available for Marvel Studios #AvengersE"
"No one:: Doing pagsusuri in Filipino and Tulang Monologue., procastination is life"
"i love marvel but damn why is their so many toxic filipino marvel fan looool"
" Oh you're very much welcome P'   At the end of the day it doesn't matter whether you are Th "
"Tweet translated to Hungarian, Haitian Creole, Yucatec Maya, Fijian, Filipino, Japanese, Greek, Samoan, Latvian, Vi "
" : This week on the Grad Life podcast, we look ahead to :  prof Patrick Alcedo explores the Global Fili"
" : #Eerie one of the best Filipino horror movie in history..."
" : A Filipino fusion counter is selling lechon-style brisket in Dupont "
" : I don know where to stream. Which platform is better? : I not only targetig Filipino viewers"
"so lemme get this straight after years his team white washed him, he finally put the record straight last year with "
" : Iniangat ng #Eerie ang standards ng  Filipino Horror Movies klase ang Cinematography. score na kahit na"
" : I LAUGHED WAY TOO HARD AT THIS AHAAHSGSGSHSJSJ non filo ARMYs titi means d*ck in filipino sksksksk "
" Likewise! Filipino food has been my only comfort away from home  and you deserve the break away. We "
"Filipino army's out there?? . "
" : In fairnes to Eerie ah! An upgrade from Filipino horror movies. Highly recommend to those who studied in an exclusive"
" : DAY 1: News Writing with Nadine Iara Sabio (English) &amp; Emie Jenelle Asanza (Filipino); and Feature Writing with Andreya"
" : My Tito is 59, and has always championed the rights of the Filipino esp the poor. He enacted SSS pension and is now pursu"
"Happy #Feastday #StPredroCalungsod, Patron of Filipino youth, Catechumens, altar boys, &amp; the Philippines. "
"New post (Crispy Fried Chicken (Filipino Style)) has been published on This Grandpa Blogs - "
"I quote ate eunji but she said it in korean It's so sad that it seems foreigners would have a chance more than y "
"me: AP pinagaaralan FILIPINO pointers tinitingnan. self"
" filipino? nakita ko nga marka mo :("
"   aye. be his Filipino girlfriend. "
" : Duterte Youth Party List claim that they are the true representation of good government, that they represent what being"
" : A treat for our Filipino veterans! |  "
"  me: filipino women dont have ass but they cute tho ling: im about to start posting my nudes"
"But yeah, I still a Stanford diehard. I just super happy there two Filipino-Americans in the line up and they "
" filipino pala sya ohhh hahahaha"
" : Filipino Armys! Gusto niyo pa ba maging presidente ang mga Duterte?. Me! Yes for the sake of our, my idol. Kasi nung panaho"
"Bilib ako sa kulay ko, ako ay filipino"
"James Reid (Filipino Celeb) wearing  #Represent93.: owner #GOT7 #  "
"Onting tiis matatapos ko na lahat sa filipino"
" :  The moment i stopped attending family holidays was the moment i stopped being filipino "
"i love filipino women."
"Day 45.2 This alamang! You probably saw this in my story. This is a famous Filipino condiment that has distinct s "
"Toxic filipino culture?  Yung parents ang pumipili ng course para sa anak nila "
" Every Filipino child have this. Don't lie. Hahaha "
"and share it to my classmate and i was happy, then now i understand why she is always mad because she only wants wh "
"Honoring Nanay Mercy in her 66th birthday. Thank you for being a pillar in pushing the right to health for every Fi "
"saan side yung italian sa mama o sa papa mo  Full Filipino but born and raised in Italy  "
"me: *watches netflix happily*: *remembers final exam, manuscript, presentation &amp; scripts for oral defense, oral "
"FILIPINO BLINKS: *mag-aabang ng 11:00pm*:  pota, lahat kayo nag-aabang ah!! ma-move nga kahit isang oras lang "
" : PINAPASOK ng mga magnanakaw ang bakuran mo, at ang payo sayo ng gobyerno? Iwasan mo munang pumunta sa sarile mong bakuran"
"A Filipino fusion counter is selling lechon-style brisket in Dupont "
"It's a stressful life for a Filipino girl like me  WHY DOING YOU CARE ABOUT MY FUTURE FINANCIAL STATUS? WHY AREN'T "
" : Binatang Filipino, yeah! Makatatanggap ng oo, yeah!#TODASagotNiGelay "
" : woooooooowww! Kavogue!!!! 12 Million Twitter Followers!!! Ibuuuuhhhhh! Budol is real! chozzzz!!! Seriously MARAMING SALAMA"
"saan nga ba nag-uugat ang mga isyu na kinahaharap ng mga students sa loob ng unibersidad/campus? hindi rin ba sa mg "
" Am a Filipino: And This Is How We Cook cookbook nominated to James Beard Foundation Book Awards "
"filipino humor is either funny, or offensive or, shallow, there's no in between"
"Disney Cruise Secret Menu. All my Filipino friends please share with your family and friends "
"scoups looks filipino "
" you a Filipino Reader who loves to buy books but short on budget? Well watch this a video to learn Where to "
"whether you speak english, french, korean, filipino, chinese or etc., in stan twitter we have the same language and "
" Filipino*"
"bretman rock representing literally every single filipino child "
"My second nanay in School after the completion rite all the student was crying like baby and i was laughing and "
" : Si Ken po pure Filipino tapos si Jenalyn po half Fil :) "
"  Haha I mean I don know exactly what it all about but one post was about Darren succ "
"Someone told me offhandedly that I was gaining weight (obviously it happens, Filipino culture and all) but it still "
"  Filipino af "
"After ng 4 hours na meeting: Naku pumayat po yan kase broken-hearted.: OMG  *kunwari concern* "
"Compare to other Filipino Horror Movies, I can say that Eerie is something that we can be proud of. Hindi sya yung "
" Hello! Im a filipino artist  and i do digital art!! I also do commissions and you can check my work "
"Do not let the same enemy strip your generation of a better future. The 21st-century Filipino should battle complac "
"Alguns desarmes b com captura de bast, pelo Masguru SeniorA Mike Dzicek. "
" Sure, U.S. citizens are not the judge of that though but the very people living under said oppressive "
"practice ata to ng jingle sa filipino? filipino, wikang babago sa antas ng pamumuhay ng mga pinoy  "
" : Rt na Filipino da sorte para te correr tudo bem "
" : FILIPINO MOMS AND GRANDMOMS: GAWAING TAMAD 'YANG GINAGAWA MO!!!!!! "
" Hello! Im a filipino artist  and i do digital art!! I also do commissions and you can check my works "
" Hi, you might have not seen my DM on message requests, so I'm reaching out to you here. I'm currently c "
" : Two years ago I tweeted this thread. Over those last two years the Philippines has only gotten worse. The apathy within t"
" : ABS-CBN and GMA 7 said that they've been conducting mandatory drugs tests on their employees  including celebrity artis"
"FILIPINO MOMS AND GRANDMOMS: GAWAING TAMAD 'YANG GINAGAWA MO!!!!!! "
" : . is a straightforward intimidation tactic  to interrupt Filipino maritime traffic in very proximity to Thitu, s"
" : We would love it if you could drop by as we release our first Filipino song! with us and our friends, "
" :  Hey there ! Half-Filipino gay transmasc artist here  "
" Eitherway pwede tapos  yung filipino"
" Hi! I checked your twitter bio and found out that you have filipino blood. I'm a filipino as well.W "
" :   underrated filipino youtuber  deserves a million subscribers"
"  in [the Philippines], do what [Filipino] do. Arrive really late.  na ba siya ng  my way? "
" : On   TV now, one of the best kept secrets for cheap clothes in Metro Manila: Taytay Tiangge! Unlik"
" : Rooting for FCPC Baliktanaw to be Philippines representative to WoDUS. Why? Bc they obviously embody the essence of being a"
"bat ba napaka malisyoso at malisyosa ng mga filipino parents"
"Filipino Armys! Gusto niyo pa ba maging presidente ang mga Duterte?. Me! Yes for the sake of our, my idol. Kasi nun "
" dats why im not a fan of filipino hiphop "
"This is the funniest thread I read so far hahahaha 6 hrs , hayop the Filipino Time nga "
"  underrated filipino youtuber  deserves a million subscribers"
"Di pa ako nakatapos mag aral ha pero iniisip ko na kung ano ba gagamitin ng anak ko na language in the future. Engl "
" jorgette  sa matapang na tao na nakilala ko!! Di siya nagpatalo sa mga taong nagpapababa sa kaniya!! Isa rin "
" micah!!!  1 namin ito!!! Matalino tsaka masipag!! Magugulantang ka na lang if nakita mo card nito manliliit "
" : Repeat pregnancy among Filipino #adolescents increased the risk of pregnancy and labor complications irrespective of interpre"
"Hi im so proud to be filipino because im handsome"
"naa nasad ning toxic filipino trait nga kung naa nay na-achieve ang taw, mu-ingon dayug we're so proud of you co "
"Fav subject mo?  Ahmm...filipino tska english hahaa "
" kjcjajaj i wont,,i a filipino rn !! AJSJFJSJJSJ PUTNAGINA WHO that teach smthg wrong akdkfkwsk"
" : Only Filipino Wiz*One can understand. #IZONE # #KimMinjoo# "
"Nakakasawa na yung toxic filipino trait na nangbabash kapag may achievement yung ibang tao. Why not be happy for th "
"jdw: 9/10 so far my best Filipino Horror Film"
"Iniangat ng #Eerie ang standards ng  Filipino Horror Movies klase ang Cinematography. score na kah "
"   It is! I think we had a socsci class that also discussed BTS' (and really just Korean "
" eto yung lalaking kilala ko na nakasama ko na hirap mag translate sa filipino "
"grabe di ko parin pala na pass filipino notebook ko HAHAHAAH"
"*the enemy is picking*: pota rank pala to? classic yung kinlick ko eh  filipino: petti can you lead us i "
"in fairness ang sosyal nila huh. sm mega meeting place nila para sa groupings sa filipino"
"I made an oath to myself that I will create 30  poems a day for 2 main reasons:. End that hiatus that I gave myse "
"i have finals for filipino and political law for tomorrow, AJA"
"So Filipino  "
" : seventeen and filipino expressions a thread don reply, just quote"
"Black N White.. me for happier &amp; feel-good contents   &amp; Twitter : "
" : First of all, I would like to thank God Almighty for these achievements that I received. Also I want to say thank you to BLA"
" : When binatang filipino hits them "
"tanginang filipino subject to."
"why do filipino moms trust the power of warm water/tea and vicks? and when u hav a headache they always point out u "
"Today (04/02/19) a Filipino cultural event on campus. Check it out "
"Julian Lennon Finds Funny Tribute To Dad in The Phillipines there's no...lemons?  Julian Lennon, son of le "
"wish q lang pu ngayong bertdey ko na maging kaklase ko kahit sino sa wampor na lang pu pls pu di na pu maulit "
"Birthday gift of Filipino Limelights to  !!  "
"See.  only Filipino tv show I watch is Kadenang Ginto and masyado ata akong kinilig kanina HAHAHAHAHA"
"Kabarkada a Filipino cultural event on campus at Cerritos College today (04/02/29) "
" my grandparents used to have this butter in a tin - I think the brand was Bretel - and it's the BES "
"Filipino men are trash episode 666 "
" SABI KU SAINYU DAPAT ITU YUNG FILIPINO NATEN EH HAHAHHAHA DEJK"
"  Sa akin ito ang stand ko. What jim did is his own. His family truly got hurt. C d "
"Mam Tine was right!  Gift is one of the best filipino movie!!! "
" hoy yung sa filipino BASAHIN MO NG BASAHIN"
"Pwede mag tagalog ka naman pls?  Filipino users are just 11.7% of all Curious Cat users. Which means, na hindi lan "
"Toxic filipino trait? Invited nalang, nag invite pa. Iva deng."
"hello there sorry to disturb u but do you perhaps know any site where i can watch indian and filipino movies with "
"When I enter APEC Schools, I am not confident in myself and speak in english confidently and I'm not that approacha "
" : Iskolar ng Bayan Program public high school graduates from the Top 10 of their graduating class are eligible t"
" Hey there ! Half-Filipino gay transmasc artist here  "
"  what do you think of my Filipino style spaghetti? "
"#Eerie one of the best Filipino horror movie in history..."
" : Have you ever been in a talent show?  GRADE 7. FILIPINO. MA'AM PAREN. "
"HIMALA NATANGAL ATA SUMPA KO SA FILIPINO WHAHAHAAHAHA unexpected"
"AS PROMISED: SEXY &amp; SHARP AS YOUR SKILLS. READY FOR SOME ACTION! OUR #LOCAL #FILIPINO #VINTAGE #KNIFE! #FindTheFork "
"English - delicious  - masarap - "
" Gl gl!!  uu filipino hahahaha"
"goodnight fellow filipino mutuals or any mutuals that is in night time rn "
"ano po ung chonke  According sa Urban Dictionary, Chonke is a term of a filipino for marijuana "
"Hahaha nabaliw na sa filipino "
"yup just finished my Filipino yow"
" Filipino yan?"
"Filipino Vlogger is the BEST"
"Dalagang pilipina pero bagsak sa filipino hmm?"
"Anong meron sa Filipino yan din lowest ko  "
"hehehehehehe di na q nilubayan ng filipino heyeheyeyeheye"
"#ToxicFilipinoCulture When you're morena and fellow Filipino tease you about it... The irony. Akala mo napaka puti."
" : In #virginiabeach and Hampton Roads, it has been a trend for quite some time. #Filipino  "
"o-pak, i enjoyed reading dice (webtoon), i forgot i have to answer the questions in prelab and in filipino and prep "
" / yasss wala kasing masyadong filipino sa verse na to kaya bihira lang talaga uwu nung may self oc "
"Nope,protecting you is not tantamount to the protection of this nation. You don't get to tell everyone you're just "
"I'm a 100% Filipino and I agree with this guy tbh HAHA "
"its like the filipino version of white boy of the month"
" Oo go! Naku, umayos sila! May nagagalit na OFW sa Hong Kong hahaha hindi pwede yan  In The Service of "
"Seven sundays is the filipino prequel to This is Where I leave you"
"Recognition Day Honor, Proficient in Filipino and Proficient in Research. my hard works paid off, Thank "
" [] ako nga half filipino half bobo eh  wbk"
" smh add a disclaimer  this ain't about me, but some Filipino trash. people are DMing me about this tweet."
" : Opposition Senator Leila M. de Lima has slammed the Duterte administration for dissuading Filipino fishermen from retur"
" : Lola June, a 2-year old Filipino-American in New York City has been making waves in the art scene, creating paintings that"
" :    is how Filipino fans misses u   "
"Happy 231st birthday Francisco Balagtas! Charleston Xiao Briones Chua#XiaoChuaAPublicHistorian "
"  So, this seems weird...  are white? don't get it. I know a bunch of black, Chines "
"Filipino toxic culture:  makapagjudge akala mo kung sino napakaperperktong tao..."
" Nah, I haven't listened to any recent Filipino music haha"
" Not surprise about Dok2's mixed nationality Filipino "
"filipino boy :&gt;&gt;&gt; "
" : We the sovereign binatang Filipino. "
" :  hi kamille ikaw yung taong miss ko na, umalis ka kasi sa filipino club eh btw ikaw yung taong napaka cu"
"how filipino mom reax. "
"This would be a good opportunity to tell everyone that I am open for commissions RIGHT NOW!  I can do small stuff f "
"thougths kay steph yiEeE crush mo daw yun nung grade 6?  di ko po naging crush si steph, I REMAINED LOYAL TO ONE a "
"   is how Filipino fans misses u   "
"top 5 filipino movies? :)  slr!. first love. goyo. 100 tula para kay stella. bride for rent. love you t "
"Dalagang Pilipina pang nalalaman bagsak naman sa filipino"
" filipino king antonio eduardo c starkez lives on"
"kinakabahan ako, di pa ko ready makita grade ko sa filipino "
"My gusto ako iparinig sayo, before that nakikinig ka ba ng hip hop filipino songs? If not it okay :)  u mean lik "
"#5://t.co/7w6ni3kdBZ"
" : filipino at konting ap at math lang naaral ko"
"I see these Filipino mom tweets and memes but I honestly couldn't relate. Our moms are different   or maybe my mom lang."
"Have you ever been in a talent show?  talent kapag late sa Filipino HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA "
"skskslsklj i read the mom's texts in a filipino voice "
" : Filipino Actor Crush: Joshua Garcia"
"Sorry, not sorry actually.'m sorry, I really mean it., it's in Filipino I seriously mean it."
"huh surprisingly didn't fail filipino even after all that 10/20s compilation paper probably saved my ass, tbh"
" : Wow i can believe I work for this guy.  to expose this man. "
" Ahahaha mas nakaka nosebleed kaya ang filipino "
"filipino at konting ap at math lang naaral ko"
"+++ (Foundation Week)  Place - English-Filipino Quiz Bee Level 2 Place - Science Quiz Bee Level 2 Place "
" :   I have no idea... saka lang naman ako nakakita ng mga Filipino things like movies or tv pr"
"  I have no idea... saka lang naman ako nakakita ng mga Filipino things like movies or t "
"Welcome to Are You Ready to Bring A Lot of Costumes in One Day ft. Arts Elective Play, English PT, and Filipino Play"
" very AP ken Filipino"
"Please tell all the filipino's to be not toxic on dota  guys pls dont fuck up in dota 2! "
"filipino people love to ask other filipino people if they are filipino"
" Please edit this. He is a filipino. And this happen in Palawan Phl. You can see our jeepney in the background.."
" Filipino: 99"
"every filipino mum would tell nonsense for u 2 obey them "
" : Filipino mom: KANINA KA PA DIYAN NAKAHIGA TANGHALING TAPAT NA OH, DI KA TATAYO? "
" : On this day in 1672, Pedro Calungsod, a Filipino Catholic missionary catechist and sacristan, was murdered by Chamorro"
"excuse my tony-loving ass for a minute I HAVE TO SCREAM about this  filipino mutuals  "
"Where to download filipino films?"
" : April is officially celebrated as Filipino Food Month! A whole month dedicated to our unique cuisine. What's your favori"
"Ross Butler and Noah Centineo who? have Diether and Echo, first eh. hearthrob ng mga sambayanang Filipino. "
"Well I had a dream I had an iphone......"
"filipino easy ka lang ha? makisama ka"
" : Toxic filipino mindset?-tinginan?  ISSUE-usap?  ISSUE-sabay?  ISSUE-ngitian?  ISSUE-tabi?"
"You orang apa? Murut Filipino Tidak macam orang murut pun so i guess mau pakai costume murut la dlu baru mcm "
"I LAUGHED WAY TOO HARD AT THIS AHAAHSGSGSHSJSJ non filo ARMYs titi means d*ck in filipino sksksksk "
"Takte gumagawa ako ng Poem para sa Clearance sa Filipino tas may Ipis na biglang lumipad sa desk ko.  nablan "
" : My favorite Filipino celebrity is . My wife can attest that I watch Vice videos everyday. I just want to say, I"
"I'm such a fossil when it comes to OPM I assume every hip hop Filipino song I hear is Dalagang Pilipina."
"   When you meet the infidel, smite them at the neck until many are dead, tie "
"22 days left, Filipino MCU fans! "
"Toxic filipino mindset?-tinginan?  ISSUE-usap?  ISSUE-sabay?  ISSUE-ngitian?  ISSUE-ta "
"mada ba kaha nig ampo ang filipino exam sa?"
"1-2 pm  Health LT-3 pm  Filipino LT-4 pm  Math Summative Quiz na kulang na po ako sa tulog :)"
"first time ko maamaze sa filipino horror movie.  eerie to your watchlist, it will be worth it ."
"It's so sad to see filipino discriminating other filipino "
"English - 93- 93 - 91  - 88 *alam ko sa sarili ko di                           Ko to deserve  "
"Chinese boats deny Filipino fishermen access to sandbars "
"The Filipino Community Hall in Wapato was the first of its kind in the American west. "
"So kilig to speak with my Abuelita in Spanish, English and Filipino. I missed this so much. Priceless. Whenever the "
"Filipino  | American  | NHS   ChicksRule: [Women DMs] gorgeous :34 "
"Filipino Tinder Users and their Hiking Pictures"
"Receptionist Required - Dubai required for an upcoming Hotel in Deira preferably from Nepal or Filipi "
"You know I rarely watch Filipino movies kasi wala din akong time but kahit busy, you know I will always support you "
" Jess, grabe kanina na realize ko yung pagbago sa. Parang dati isa ka lang weird na grade 7 student na "
" : Dalagang Pilipina pero bagsak sa Filipino."
" I see HEA EVANGELISTA  kasi both eco-conscious kayo and pareho kayong nagpropromote ng Filipino textiles"
"  in the service of the Filipino - abscbn"
" hi kamille ikaw yung taong miss ko na, umalis ka kasi sa filipino club eh btw ikaw yung taong napaka "
"Oldboy, I get... The Handmaiden, sure but idk about the others... same with some Filipino indie films btw... I feel "
"20190331 05:27 GMT +8 // Balagtas, Bulacan, Philippines | Bukang-liwayway / Filipino / Dawn. | #DrunkAndCaptured "
" : Students &amp; orgs from held a protest in various parts of Manila to  condemn the killing of 14 farmers in Negros Orient"
"I left a good Filipino restaurant just becos i didnt know how to open the door zzz shame "
"filipino parents pa naman minsan ganyan HAHAHAGA"
" :   She or they can make those LiberalDemocrat foolishness but not the true Filipino who respect and"
"dalagang pilipina pero bagsak sa filipino subject"
"Di pala ako nakapag final exam sa filipino. Gagi boom bagsak gahabahahaha"
"  sis he's also filipino anong tinatalak mo jan??? to swallow pill nga daw diba??? And toto "
" : GRADE 10. FILIPINO. INTERPRETATIVE DANCE. MA'AM PAREN. OHMYGOD ANG MEMORIES PALIHOG L"
" : hallmark of quality filipino-chinese education so random ganahan lang ko ana na line sa chong hua bye"
" : ISANG DALAGANG FILIPINO YEAH    haha we miss u agad "
"PANANALIKSIK SA FILIPINO "
"op is half japanese and half filipino"
" : We remember today one of God's holy martyrs, San Pedro Calungsod. May he be an example and inspiration to our Filipino yout"
"hindi ako nakakaintindi kapag walang subtitles, kahit english o filipino film pa yan lol"
"Aaaaaaaaaah  Perfect piece to remind us that our mothers especially Filipino moms have that authentic kind of lov "
"Ugh! Nosy relatives are bane in Filipino culture. That's too much close family ties. Learn some boundaries. "
"filipino people on roller coasters be like: OY PUTANGINA PAKSHET GAGO MAMA I LABYU "
"I trans Filipino"
"Wish i can understand filipino other than putangina "
" : Leader in Filipino is, *Pinuno*. It speaks to us about Nuno : understanding our context and history. About Puno: ou"
" koreana ho charot HSGSKKSKSKKSKS PURE FILIPINO PO HEHE"
" : April 2 is the Feast of St. Pedro Calungsod - patron saint of Filipino Youth and Youth Catechist.#kabataangkatoliko h"
"Grocery time.  #pinoy #asian #filipino #philippines #gay #follow #love #instagood #igers #photography #like "
"Si Ken po pure Filipino tapos si Jenalyn po half Fil :) "
" i believe that every filipino family had their pictures ruined by a flood"
"if you're a filipino, try reading  tweet about how would people describe you - filipino version -- a thread,,ily all mwah"
"infairnez ang ganda ng cinematography, ng story lalo na yung mga jump scares shet HAHAHA nagiimprove ang filipino horror film lovettt "
" yes a filipino daddy I am an Egyptian"
"if you're a filipino, try reading  tweet about how people describe you - filipino version -- a thread,,ily all mwah"
"the MEMES (they call it that, i prefer the term TRASH) for a couple of years the self proclaimed FILIPINO MEMERS ha "
"Karaoke Filipino Nights | QAR 49 per person and Eat Dinner Buffet every Sunday with sumptuous dishes from the "
"The league witnessed the potential and the intense ardor of these student leaders to serve not only the students, b "
" humana filipino oy skdmskdkdkd"
"Same with their Filipino counterparts "
" : Despite the fact that Filipino startups are constantly blooming, they still face key issues. more here:#startups"
"A moment when you meet filipino patient.. : $&amp;#^*~* filipino? (dia cakap filipine dgn sy) dgn mu "
"Watching #ExesBaggage on   .S. Angelica said it in Filipino, I just copied the English translation hehe"
" : toxic filipino culture kaayo ning idea nga kay graduate ta, obligado na ta manghatag sa ila kay kuno SUcCessFul  nata. so p"
"Just be filipino for a week b HAHHAHA "
" Filipino vibe"
" I am not demonstrative with many people, but at work there is one older nurse I work with that alw "
"  I like hearing lies when we know the truth, mga bulag at BOBO mga yellowtards, yun lang masa "
"Ano ang brown sa Filipino except for kayumanggi and tsokolate? #helpafriend"
" : toxic filipino family culture: up holding ur tears, hiding what u rlly feel, faking who u r, nd not being able"
"2 Apr 1672: St Pedro Calungsod, #Filipino catechist martyred in #Guam #otd Canonized 2012 #Philippines "
"Pabibo jd aning filipino oy"
"- half japanese and half filipino si op, sa japan talaga siya galing then lumipat sa pinas in the mid of elem"
"Filipino bishops to tell Pope Francis about BARMM, other peace efforts "
" : So far the Filipino films that made me rethink to support our OWN, to support locals are SEKLUSYON and EERIE because they wen"
"tots abt janel  magaling sa filipino  laging sumisigaw, issa hardworking gorl laging may sinusulat,,, "
"i dont often watch filipino horror movies but eerie was pretty interesting, 9/10 would recommend to watch it"
" Looks like filipino"
" : there are two types of filipino families. the ones that doesn't want u to have a bf/gf and the ones that keep asking if u"
"nakakainis simula nung nagthesis kami sa filipino (na wala akong tinulong) nabobother ako kapag mali yung grammar ko helo send help"
"In fairnes to Eerie ah! An upgrade from Filipino horror movies. Highly recommend to those who studied in an exclusive all girls school."
"Di pa nga nakakaalis may pinapabayaran na agad sakin, Filipino cultures talaga ang toxic."
" sis ur too good for filipino television but go ahead anyway"
" Omg you're a filipino"
"Filipino Exo-Ls are multiplying each day and I'm extremely happy that our boys gets the love and recognition but th "
"Gusto ko na umuwi pls I want to watch filipino dramas in netflix aAaaaA"
" ana man ka di ka gnahan kay filipino horror huhuhu nag una nalang ko"
" : I NEED FELLOW  FILIPINO ARMY'S  THIS TO JOIN IN BiNaTaNg kOrEaNo yEah! GDM #MAP_OF_THE_SOUL_PERSONA"
"takte ito pa ata magiging dahilan ng pagbagsak ng grade ko sa filipino"
" : Dear  , the Banaue Rice Terraces were built by Filipino indigenous people, not by the Chinese. (Screengrabbed"
" : My filipino mom when she was pregnant: |              ||              ||               |                 |"
" esp o filipino?"
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant: |              ||              ||               |                 | "
" I just had dimsum for dinner hahaha'm Filipino afterall "
" Yup a Filipino queen"
"Okinawa Milk Tea | Mango Graham Float #pinoy #asian #filipino #philippines #gay #follow #love #instagood #igers "
"H O M E  PnC, then to me someone's special to me, then lastly to my legendary proffesor who taught me how to "
"Resource #21: What is #palliativecare? (02:25) - In this video, Father Ben Father Ben discusses what #palliative ca "
"ini su view na ihiling hiling ko every filipino period to the point na dai na ako nakakadangog ki ma'am breva tas s "
"Srsly kailangan 6AM nasa school na?nkklk sti ha alam ko naman na filipino time kayo"
"Wala papala akong susuotin sa filipino"
"Spanish 101: Reflexive verbs(Spanish)           (Filipino)  Se lava            Laway"
"#WordOfTheDay  the #AutismAwarenessDay we have decided to introduce you to this Filipino word. This is because "
"Sometimes it's so embarrassing being a filipino "
"Filipino Captain medevaced after heart attack://t.co/vHRYqnGtP5"
" : San kayo makaranas maggawa ng dalawang resesrch sa isang buwan na english at filipino..........!!!!!"
"ma: jeremy has the highest grade in filipino.: partida, englishero pa .*hahahaha kahit mahirap "
"  Howdy kaybigan Filipino"
" jv hahahahaha  sorry d kita tinitigilan every filipino class  ayun stay calm always. mabuti naman at nab "
" : The evolution of Filipino artistry - 48th year in the industry of Maricel Soriano Maricel Soriano bilang #ManangIs"
" : WE DESERVE RED MARE IN MANILA REVELUVS SHOWED ENOUGH SUPPO FOR RED VELVET SO WE DESERVE  and rt to reach s"
"ano ba irerebyu sa filipino im lost hahahahahah"
" : This week I have a special guest in the kitchen, and he's gonna show us how to cook a classic Filipino recipe. What's yo"
" ayun, pa-cute lang ako kasi ano daw recent findings nung new study of NHS for Filipino diabetics? He h "
" And the part where we hired Filipino construction crews to rebuild everything we destroyed because we didn to pay Iraqis."
"PAKI- PARA SA GRADES NAMIN SALAMAT WOOOH(this is leaned towards the filipino peeps that follow me so ayeeee)"
"Even justice has its Filipino Time lol."
". powerful second performance on  is affirming fans' hopes for a first Filipino champion on "
"MAy something sa inyo dati ni carl filipino right? hahahahaha  Panong something? Kulangot ,ganon? "
"#SunStarFeature for kids must be filled with learnings through hands-on activities to develop their social, "
"Bubuhos ang grasya para sa lola na naglakad ng ubod layo para makatulong sa mga nasalanta ng cyclone. &lt;3  Well dese "
"Being a filipino is a shit "
""
"I hope all of the Filipino voters would be responsible as you Sir Johnoy, if we want a good change, we should first become responsible."
" : Wanna gain likes and retweets? DM us and join our deck now! USERS ONLY+ FOLLOWERS WO"
"Parang hindi na nakaka proud maging Filipino "
"U know dimsum is only supposed to be served during lunch'm Filipino. We eat breakfast food for dinner."
"yONG TEACHER NAMEN SA FILIPINO NAKIKINIG SA LOVE SHOT YES SIR YES"
"Toxic Filipino Culture: Ur relatives won't help u in ur studies but when u finished and become successful, they act "
"filipino's are so generous and concern to others."
" : feng shui starring kris aquino was actually a good filipino horror film. "
"   May i just add, it won several awards in Filipino film fest. And good reviews from "
" : Students &amp; organizations from various universities held a protest to  condemn the killing of 14 farmers in Negr"
"CW                   1.7        1.4 2     1.5 2           1.3.E 2                1.3 "
"JEJ Vinson's powerful second performance on The Voice is affirming fans' hopes for a first Filipino champion on the "
"Salute to Ma'am Diaz!!  this is one of the struggles of many Filipino public school teachers. Minsan, they ha "
" Filipino po di ko magets :( "
" ure the Filipino version of . wit, glamour, and u kinda look like her. "
"broke my own heart while making my own alternate story for filipino "
"TMA, Kyla Patrice M. ~With Highest Honor~Leadership Award~Best in ABM~Best in Accountancy~Best in Marke "
"  i know BM likes sinigang, have the other members tasted Filipino food too?"
"hi~ filipino moots near manila na graduating or have done thesis: may kakilala kayong proofreader can y'all hmu "
"#EMBED METHOD for VIEWING MV  and ask us via DM is you have any problems~ #FILIPINO version "
"Hundreds of Filipino workers approved for Guam visas://t.co/Dzhu5SkFA4"
"Sobrang filipino time ba yung after lunch usapan naming magkakaibigan tapos 6:30pm na kame nagkita kita "
" character portayal sa filipino haha"
"#SunStarNews, Guam -- More than 350 Philippine workers have been approved by the government of Guam to work "
"   OMG WHY? The lead girl is my favorite Filipino musician!!! I havent watched it yet "
" : Legendary Lady Spiker, Manilla Santos, to play for the F2 Logistics Cargo Movers in the PSL All Filipino Conference! Firs"
"While taking time this week to remember the life and work of #C, take a moment to give recognition and th "
"  There's nothing wrong with being nationalistic however, it doesn't automatically makes "
" wait, are u filipino or what? hahshs"
" : #LavDiaz X #BrillanteMendoza X #KidlatTahimik at the Home of Filipino Films, #CinemaCentenario#WelcomeHome#SupportPHFil"
" It really does. But the cocido makes the pain less so. I am a proud part of the Filipino diaspora. "
"Only Filipino Wiz*One can understand. #IZONE # #KimMinjoo# "
"Im so fcked up when it comes to Filipino translations "
"#EerieMovie probably the best filipino horror movie so far! "
" : Adobo, pancit, and kakanin usually come to mind when we talk about Filipino food but rarely do we invoke on Twitter the di"
" Unless we control the fake news - we will always lose. Yes. One does not become less Filipino when you l "
" Hello!!!!!!!! I got excited when i saw ur name and then you tweeted in filipino"
" in filipino, kanta sagwan tuhod lungsod"
" : In academia, it really hard to hold on to your vision.  mine: I write so Filipino kids have the opportunity to"
"Chinese boats deny Filipino fishermen access to sandbars  "
"filipino longtest and social studies quiz"
"So I have a Filipino number now and haven't given my number to a single person and I get these texts... Honestly th "
"Dalagang Pilipina pero bagsak sa Filipino"
"Toxic Filipino culture: Commenting about somone's weight as if you have the most flawless body. Forever the worst.  "
"Say all you want on how to connect all deaths to the drug crimes and the gov't but let me say my share that I wish "
"  dapat daw ma reach ang standards ng LB sa pagsasalita ng Filipino hahahshahahshahahah"
"oh my tsaka call call call filipino ver sunod hahshshaha"
" OMYGOD I DIDNT KNOW YOU ARE A FILIPINO WHAT"
" : nevermind my drama about not being able to attend, i want to thank you lads for having a two-day concert in our countr"
" : meron bang cleanliness na criteria sa questionnaire ng Filipino kasi ang linis ng papel ko "
"A true warrior and one of the greatest athletes to ever walk this earth...period #manny #filipino #fightfloyd "
"my mom always says being a working mom is lonely and this is one way she extends a hand. she said before i was born "
"....bakit.... inaaway tayo ng mga government officials natin..? diba they were appointed to.. serve us, the Filipin "
"We the sovereign binatang Filipino. "
" Es un cuento chino filipino"
" : Floyd Mayweather Jr. arrib este martes a Filipinas en un viaje sorpresa, mismo que abrir la posibilidad de reunirse"
"SK Reform Act's Emergency Relief &amp; Protection Act Sign Language Act WIFI Access In Public Pl "
"Filipino workers in Japan to get better salaries "
" UR FILIPINO SJDHSH"
" Yas hxgsbxhxgxg filipino news anchors huehue gulat din ako eh"
" : Well deserved.  you might have been the first Filipino if your last name started with an A  "
"Udefungamlalakasjdjdj! Ka balik awot sakun mag translate sa Filipino. "
" : Filipino Time does not apply to air travel"
" : Eighty new Filipino nurses to join QEH staff "
" all filipino boys are my cousins and nephews.... filipino boys are a big no "
" So Weirddd ang Filipino Shaved Ice Sundae dito"
" : MNL48 FAITH: Faith Shanrae Santiago: 19 FEITO PUN MASTER she's very corny sdkjsdsjkdsj MULTILINGUAL QUEEN!"
"I seriously hate some Filipino family stereotypes especially if those stereotypes are within my family."
"MANILA  Agriculture Secretary Manny Pi on Tuesday apologized for the fishery bureau's advise for Filipino... "
" : Filipino thirst trap gay Tik Tok Twitter accounts really are on a whole new level"
"di ko na alam gagawin ko sa filipino :&lt;"
"Chinese Purchase Officer and Filipino Accountant Very Urgent Requirement : free Jobscope of work : Purchase Manager "
" A young Filipino. But not on valve time."
" : Filipino family values worthy of emulating is being shown again in Sahaya. Indeed in every aspect, family as the source of o"
"So ayun, my officemates had an argument about jim paredes's scandal. I would say na magkaiba talaga ng pov ang isan "
"You are invited to the 2019 Filipino Mental Health Well-Being Summit in Los Angeles on April 13, 2019. More details "
"Op hates filipino class"
"Interjections : of interjections: ! ! ! : of "
"Sakit sa mata ng filipino at science na grade ko grabe huhuhuhu"
"istg i heard them say  bye ingat in the stream. filipino kings"
" : Toxic filipino culture: taong walang ibang ginawa kundi sirain ka, di nalang tumulong mag community service ng may maitul"
" : They say Filipino vloggers are OA in fact international volggers are more than OA (not all tho) "
" : La Bulaquena es un precioso  del pintor #Filipino Juan Luna que se encuentra en el   delicada forma d"
"Op prefers talking in English but prefers talking in filipino with friends"
" : My filipino mom when she was pregnant to me. |             ||             ||              |                |"
"They say Filipino vloggers are OA in fact international volggers are more than OA (not all tho) "
"rdl and filipino na langggg"
"11:11 more filipino movies on netflix "
"I find it absolutely weird that the first reaction some filipino fans have when someone discovers exo is to tag the isko accounts like???"
"Just watched EERIE! best Filipino Horror Film I've watched so far....  feeling satisfied at SM Mall of Asia "
"filipino boys get u with their singing dancing fashion and dangly earring..........buy them boys are emotionally unstable and crazy"
"JOBS IN UAE***************** Coordinator-Female (Nepal,Indian,Filipino, Sri Lanka) - Future Motives H "
"Thankyou G. Sa maganda kong Performance na nagustuhan ng mga teachers.  Oration Done. Passionate filipino sentiments by Jm Benividez"
"toxic filipino culture: "
" : Sahaya is a must watched epic serye. It does not only discuss the culture of Badjaw people but also the mentality of eve"
"  In fairness to ka Freddie his songs are maka Filipino tumatak na karamihan sa mga pi "
"This week on the Grad Life podcast, we look ahead to :  prof Patrick Alcedo explores the G "
"there are two types of filipino families. the ones that doesn't want u to have a bf/gf and the ones that keep askin "
" : #Qatar: Investigate torture allegations of Filipino man convicted on basis of  he says were forced | Amnesty I"
" : #ManilaEncounters The mysterious case of Gil P: the 1593 teleportation of a Filipino soldier from Manila to Mexico - A"
"Filipino Fishermen Encouraged to Fish in Disputed Sea "
"umakyat kami ng filipino faculty tas patay na lahat ilaw nyeta"
" : Is there any filipino army's here? if you see this in your timeline, then hmu fam let's be friends :&lt;"
" Sabi ko gani miski nano basta tagaan ako san salin sa filipino. End of story ako na bahala sa animation hahaha"
" :  sns au wikang filipino elem, magkabarkada na sina kyungsoo at jongin. na rin ang turing nila sa isa"
" hindi naman ol ng filipino parents ganon. wag mo naman lahatin. "
"    It's always harder for Filipinos yet we still patronize going to "
"The evolution of Filipino artistry - 48th year in the industry of Maricel Soriano Maricel Soriano bilang "
"No offense but I just want to represent for fat/plus size Filipino ladies. Y beautiful don let anyone tell yo "
"Gusto mo ba live ipakita? Gusto ko kasi satin lang   Are u Black Filipino man? "
"can filipino artists stop saying oppa every single time when they're hosting it's kind of annoying already"
" : i am very late but #iloveyousince1892 just pulled my heart strings. i had my doubts at first but thank u to my curiousity, i"
"bloody hell if she can understand filipino i'll flip"
"#LavDiaz X #BrillanteMendoza X #KidlatTahimik at the Home of Filipino Films, #CinemaCentenario#WelcomeHome "
" Filipino here and in behalf of the country THANK  QUEEN  U deserve all you've worked hard for aaaand more! "
"Please I am not white 't associate me with white people  just don't go outside that much  am a Filipino-chinese  am not white"
" : Hi everyone! Please support our project which aims to bridge the language gap between Science and Filipino through fun"
"(Research, cvl reporting, debate sa filipino, final PETA sa EAPP, Social science phenomena, speech choir)  ano p "
" U're one of my Filipino moots so sana mas maging close tayooo ily"
" Hahahaha eh i x cakap i macam filipino okayyyy. Tak mcm u "
"I got 1.5 in our subject in programming plus 1.7 in Filipino. yeah, for me it's super high. Please CONGRATULATE "
"We remember today one of God's holy martyrs, San Pedro Calungsod. May he be an example and inspiration to our Filip "
" : Toxic Filipino culture is when someone wearing eyeglasses. They will say feeling matalino and pa-smart, wth we have poo"
" One day I believe you will be President of the Philippines... every blessing from the Filipino seafa "
" : In honor of Francisco V. Coching,  of Filipino Illustrators and National Artist for Visual Arts, there will be an a"
"Filipino vloggers. Please, please, please stop using that awful-sounding, chipmunk laugh track. UGHHHHHHH. #vlogph "
" : #TheFilipinoVotes: At least 30 television and movie personalities are joining the race for over 18,000 government posit"
" : Nagka genius najud ang mga Filipino Movies ron. Like Ulan and now, ang Eerie. Gaka usik na akong brain cells. Kanang mahuman a"
"Filipino Time does not apply to air travel"
"Sila: Uy lets try Traditional Filipino Massage: Pahilot man na diba?"
" : Sinong wala pang picture sa filipino?? "
" :   God in English in Arab in Catalan in Croatian in Danish in Estonian"
" Uhh wow how'd u know im filipino and japanese??"
"Halooo backmatee!! Mingaw namn ko nimo oy!! Mingaw nakos atong chikaa labi na tulog nato every math english ug fili "
" : SELLING TWTTER ACCOUNT Active Filipino Followers 6k+ Followers US NOW FOR MORE INFO!+ proofs : PayPa"
" "
" not Australian, I'm Filipino, and yeah we have those too and they're my faves, they make me feel homey cu "
" : #visiblewomen #artph #PortfolioDay 'm Grovey/7CLUBS and I'm a Filipino lesbian artist~ I love making comics, drawing monste"
"i'm supposed to be proud that i'm a Filipino kaso nadadamay lahat dahil lang sa ibang basura mag isip eh. ewan q ba"
"CLASSIC FILIPINO FAMILY MINDSETButi pa yung mga pinsan mo nagtatrabaho na, nakabisita na isa ibang bansa, eh ika "
" Filipino dub hahahahaha"
" : kacutee ni sara na naspeak hin filipino HAHAHA "
" : What is oh my in filipino gsjshsj "
" : Eerie is the best filipino horror movie I've ever watched tbh"
"Filipino culture is palagi nalang may nasasabi sayo kahit pa kamag anak mo "
"sa kabastusan kayo mga makata  paaralan, wikang filipino ay banyaga mga lalaki, walang maipagmamalaki "
"The dynamics of filipino food "
"Sht wrong filipino grammar"
"What is oh my in filipino gsjshsj "
"nevermind my drama about not being able to attend, i want to thank you lads for having a two-day concert in our cou "
"Nagka genius najud ang mga Filipino Movies ron. Like Ulan and now, ang Eerie. Gaka usik na akong brain cells. Kanan "
"Foking filipino culture "
"9/10 ako ratings kay bitin kaayo sya! Pero supeeeeer di maka mahay di jod ko ganahan ug mga Filipino horror movie pero chada jod sya "
"We should all change our pfps to a woojin pic for him to see and get more confidence about his looks because an ang "
" Are you even really half Filipino ?"
"feel sorry for those who don't appreciate fashion lalo na kapag Filipino na yung nagdadala, like jejemon daw or wha "
" : Ayan nagsalita na si Digong: honor of Jim Paredes  hereby declare every first day of April as National Jakol Day. Ev"
" : The President green light policy has emboldened China into militarizing our waters, building runways, hangars, and weathe"
" : Thirsty Twitter, send me below the best (or worst) Filipino thirst trap Tik Tok videos you can find on this bird app GO"
"Filipino woman are too strong. I feel so sorry for my dad sometimes. God bless him. Subhanallah"
"I still get mini heart attacks when someone is speaking to me in straight Filipino and they say a word I don't know."
"This is still in connection to allegations that Rappler is not 100% Filipino owned, something the news website has "
" :    Filipino time talaga..hahaha#MayWardforFHxZilingo"
"Me in my late 30 ordering a Filipino mail order bride. "
"P*t* pati Filipino.... Isipin nadin... "
"What further highlighted Rappler participation in Carpio deception was when they ignored what Filipino interna "
"  In Filipino, it's called aras"
"Graduated Filipino Collaborative Desktop Publishing Members ng Larawang Pampahayagan: Jyllanne G. Pajares "
"I am lost for ideas kung pano pa ipopromote ang Filipino Indie Films sa mga Pilipino."
"SIARGAO TRAVEL VLOG FT FILIPINO VLOGGER JECAHOLIC (Budget &amp; Itinerary) "
"are you perhaps filipino?  YES "
" Damn disappointed myself as a filipino for having to search this up"
" : Rewatching  The Ballad of Donkey Doug &amp; it still strikes me how the ep features 3 Filipino dudes &amp; their"
" But I don't want to shortchange the Filipino audience, they deserve quality films hahaha"
"    oh shit that right! i have many filipino friends and they t "
"Ang shitty pala ng mga admin and moderator nila eh, I'm trying to be friendly sa post ko to have some discussion wi "
"   Filipino time talaga..hahaha#MayWardforFHxZilingo"
" : Toxic Filipino Culture: Parents think that studying and maintaining your grades is easy. They think that every time you str"
"Sino ba kasi nagpauso ng  time na yan -.-"
" : My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 |"
"OKAY IMMA EXPRESS MY FEELINGS IN FULL FILIPINO"
" filipino muna natin walanjo"
" : hello friends!!!! know none of you are into MNL48, but if you'd like to purchase these merch to support a Filipino idol +"
" : 1. 5 inches is just a little above the average filipino size, meh.. Women's fingers know where and how to hit the spot in"
"Ang daming time magdrama, wala ng time sa filipino magreview "
"my bestfriend 's conversation with my bandwagon classmate  abt kpop. Hey , you don't have any tastes when it com "
" opo. ito lang yung filipino horror film na nakakatakot  HAHAHAHAHA"
"Na hindi ako bobo. I not stupid enough to vote for someone whose intentions are clearly NOT to serve the Filipino "
"The average Filipino family of five needs P42,000 for a decent life. A reasonable amount, but what if something unf "
" : Filipino taym alwaysss#MayWardforFHxZilingo"
"I haven used Filipino mythology yet in a story although I have Filipino characters. I just haven got around to "
"This is a leader!  President issued a directive that henceforth, he directed SolGen and Department of Justice t "
"How unfair Filipino families are"
"21. I only know Chavacano, English and Filipino"
" : yeet imma read this later mga chong,,, finally my filipino ass can relax with all of the jokes "
" helu im a fIlipInO aRmY"
"How can you open the mind of some Filipino na still close gihapon ilang panan aw sa mga LGBTQ members? Kay actual "
"Would like to see if my filipino followers and mutuals have anything to say about npa tho."
" Lol Filipina translates to a Filipino girl or woman....nice try though"
"Is there any filipino army's here? if you see this in your timeline, then hmu fam let's be friends :&lt;"
"I should keep up w politics in the ph more bc filipino and moving there but tbh im already so bad at keeping up w t "
" : Yung tipong natutuwa na ako sa grade ko sa filipino tas binawi ng math hayuuup"
"Waw self gumagaling mag Filipino kapag broken hearted. HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA "
"DAY 1: News Writing with Nadine Iara Sabio (English) &amp; Emie Jenelle Asanza (Filipino); and Feature Writing wit "
"One independent video game seeks to use technology to showcase what is uniquely Filipino, particularly in the form "
"tanaw tag jejemon filipino movies bi"
"It #TampaBayTuesday! Here one of the people putting us on the foodie map: Noel Cruz, the Filipino-American who "
" : Colmenares: If gov doesn act on West PH Sea, we will "
"mabebang nak ditoy sis from english---&gt;filipino"
"toxic filipino family culture: up holding ur tears, hiding what u rlly feel, faking who u r, nd not being a "
"   FILIPINO taym.  akala ko ba 7pm?? hahahahahahahaha#MayWardforFHxZilingo"
"  The Filipino People have 'Faith' in the Phils. is the 'EVIL' inside du30 &amp; the chinese "
" :   Why he should apologize to the entire Filipino? Did he commit a crime. If this will be your standard to"
" : Craving for classic Filipino beef stew? how to cook this savory dish from Jimmy Castillo on Cook Eat Right Pama"
" : Siopao which is a classic Filipino merienda that is not only rich in flavor but also filled with nutrients that our bo"
" Yes huhu sana sumikat sila! Kasabay ng mnl sana sumikat din mga deserving filipino talent "
" I want to go to the #CokeStudioSummerConcert  because as a Filipino youth, this is not only a way to sh "
"pag hindi pa mataas makuha ko sa filipino ewan ko na lang afsgshs"
"Filipino taym alwaysss#MayWardforFHxZilingo"
"Yung tipong natutuwa na ako sa grade ko sa filipino tas binawi ng math hayuuup"
"Baka may katoto akong guro (o katoto na may katotong guro) na gustong lumahok sa Pambansang Seminar sa Pagtuturo ng "
"tinatamad na ako mag binge watch ng filipino movies kasi wala akong kasama"
" : Excited to announce that  will be back in the international competition scene!! Also, for the first time,"
"I wanted to talkback, i really want to but we have this toxic filipino trait that if we talkback we'll become disrespectful fvckkkkkk"
"TAMANG WALLING AT EMOTE EMOTE LANG TO SAVE MY FILIPINO GRADE HAHAHAHAHAHAHA "
" Filipino: 98"
"Filipino mixed martial arts fighter Eduard Folayang failed to keep his ONE Lightweight World Championship after a f "
" : accept what ur skin color is be proud kapwa filipino binababa nakaka disappoint lang :&lt;"
"filipino writer for hire?"
" : "
"Tumikim ako ng Thai food pero lasang Filipino food lang "
" : Eerie is the best filipino horror movie  it's not just about horror but it is also an awareness for depression victims"
" : Interesting observation: The manner by w/c Filipino women are bashed on socmed by fellow Filipinos is reminiscent of the"
"alternately,bakit 87 ka lang sa filipino?"
" : -*Ung ka basic nung recitation nio kanina sa filipino:foccc..basic"
" : Iba't ibang uri ng gc: ng buong klase with adviser ng buong klase without adviser niyo magtotropa ng mg"
" : My Filipino mom said a tornado took out 6 Arby's. After asking how 6 of the same restaurant were destroyed she said th"
"oh my filipino ver na ba sunod"
"Antok na ako pre kaso yung filipino andami"
" : Saw this on facebook! Hello to all of my intl mutuals, I introduce to you the Filipino (Tagalog) Language!  https:"
" : We can change things. We can be so much more. We need understanding, respect, empathy and love for one another. We need to"
" filipino moms be sensitive like that "
"How to enjoy FILIPINO "
"nakakainis lang biruin mo sarili mong kapwa filipino pinagtatawanan niyo ang isang kawawang PWD!! we should be happ "
"filipino and english: niyo ako = try me, bitch niyo ako = spy me, bitch"
"Lahhh lagi ko ng naalala yung grade ko sa Filipino:("
" Edi mag Best in Filipino ka nalang"
"Thirsty Twitter, send me below the best (or worst) Filipino thirst trap Tik Tok videos you can find on this bird app GO"
"yeet imma read this later mga chong,,, finally my filipino ass can relax with all of the jokes "
" 90% of the filipino gp*"
"  God in English in Arab in Catalan in Croatian in Danish in Estonia "
"The Arakan's majestic natural landscapes.#plavd #philippines #itsmorefuninthephilippines #filipina #filipino "
"  Filipino won't allow it to happen. Same with China."
"toxic filipino culture  nalang ng bagay , issue."
"Things im scared for this coming school year:. Filipino. Introduce yourself. Crossing pedestrians"
" : Dalagang Pilipina pero bagsak sa filipino."
"report man diay ko ugma filipino  kapoy himo ppt yawa"
"Done watching EERIE, best filipino horror film I have watch after Mike De Leon's Itim. na pareho pinagbidahan ni Charo Santos."
" my mum is Filipino and this was a common thing in her family"
" : Toxic Filipino Culture nirealtalk mo kaibigan mo, bully ka na agad."
" : The Secretary of Education is positive that our graduates and completers will continuously enrich what makes up the Filipino"
"40. filipino"
"#PTVNEWS | Filipino fishermen, hinimok na mangisda sa ating EEZ sa WPS://t.co/S2JTu3BzTX"
"For the first time in forever, natuwa ako sa filipino subject"
"So, Ezra dozed off in my arms again right? Naturally, I felt free to cry to this sappy Filipino movie on Netflix. N "
" : Am I the only one hyped about all these Filipino movies on Netflix"
"2nd class.. filipino"
"ano ilalagay ko sa portfolio ko si filipino putek nagsiwalaan amp"
"Ako leader niyo and I hate Filipino Time. So members masanay na kayo"
" If it's our national language (Filipino): Maganda ako. it's in our native language (Hiligaynon/Akeanon) "
"To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream, not only plan, but also believe.  Franc "
" : ROBLOX FILIPINO PAY XD #RagdollEngine #RobloxDev #Roblox "
"One more week til I in PH, I bout to submerge in watching every Filipino movie I can"
" : St. Pedro Calungsod, a young man, catechist, migrant, faithful, companion, and martyr, hails from the Visayas. His life is"
" : i asked for filipino facebook, not conyo "
" :  Hello, I'm Kiiro! (my real name is Athena) I am a Filipino who loves to draw and does animations and anim"
" Half Filipino po. Ba si  ??"
"dalagang pilipina pero bagsak sa filipino....."
"hallmark of quality filipino-chinese education so random ganahan lang ko ana na line sa chong hua bye"
"St. Pedro Calungsod, a young man, catechist, migrant, faithful, companion, and martyr, hails from the Visayas. His "
" : Eerie is one of the most noteworthy Filipino horror movies I have watched in my entire life. You should try it guys, mus"
" : Filipino Boy Group Hashtag's Member, Luke Conde was Seen Fanboying Park Minyoung, Showing Her Support for Her Upcoming Dr"
" : What Filipino athletes can learn from Olympic medalists Arthur Nory and Conor Dwyer "
"  Tutal inquirer toh, gawin nyo ng YELLOW FILIPINO OF THE YEAR si Jim Ooops PURPLE pala"
"idk why they are not treating filipino baebies the way we deserve "
"Salamat po sa inyong pagtiwala sa akin, Ebe. Malaking bagay ang iyong pagtindig kasama ko para sa karapatan ng mama "
"I have never been so ashamed of being Filipino."
"Playing traditional Filipino games w ur friends. Like piko,luksong baka, luksong tinik, tumbang preso and etc."
"Everyday History: On this day in 1672, Pedro Calungsod, a Filipino Catholic missionary catechist and sacristan, was "
" filipino time daw kasi tayo :((( hahahaha"
"Proud. ://t.co/W9DuTq7Lna"
"My ex is filipino and he would always make fun of me for eating rice with a fork... "
"Eerie is the best filipino horror movie I've ever watched tbh"
"Hi author!  Are you a filipino?  nope  "
""
"  HAHAHAHAAHAHA. WHEN YOU RAN OUT OF HANGUL AND ENGLISH SO FILIPINO NALANG "
"Mayweather gets Belo-fied!  at New World Makati Hotel for his press con with Belo Medical Group, he re "
" My Filipino mom said a tornado took out 6 Arby's. After asking how 6 of the same restaurant were des "
"HALA NANAW HA MURA SAD KAG BRIGHT KAYNO NA MADA RAG 1 HOUR ANG TUON. MURAG KASABOT KAYKAS TOPIC NA PRO NAJUD KAYKA. "
"Filipino Social Construct portrayed in primetime teleserye - Kadenang Ginto needs to be a research paper"
"Toxic filipino mindset??  ISSUE?  ISSUE?  ISSUE?  ISSUE? "
"Duterte Youth Party List claim that they are the true representation of good government, that they represent what b "
"Filipino rap is not jeje!Instead of dragging,support please"
"*follows all Filipino Food IG accounts* "
"u know ur a pambuan kapag pinipigil mo yung tawa mo pag filipino na. HAHAHAHAHASHSHS #iluvmypambuan"
" Hahahahahaha sinadya cguro ksi filipino time #MayWardforFHxZilingo"
"Mga sumisira ng image ng mga filipino. "
"My Filipino mom said a tornado took out 6 Arby's. After asking how 6 of the same restaurant were destroyed she sa "
"On   TV now, one of the best kept secrets for cheap clothes in Metro Manila: Taytay Tiangge! U "
"My co~filipino jobless Blinks "
"also, there are likely 600+ vessels now near in our country and why can't the government act fast in terms of the c "
" : Tapos mahilig pala sila ng family niya kumain ng Filipino food. Eh di segue naman ako sa Concha. Hahahahaha #ALDENSheerDete"
" : Oh My Filipino Ver naman oh charot na hindi charot  "
" Memang muka aku ni macam filipino ke.. Dari tadi nurse filipino pandang aku je.. Huhu"
"chz sa filipino wahahaha anyways sa picc na aq mamimigay mga chong kazi ayun nga hekhek penege pics niyo parin labyu all"
" : Ngayong darating na Biyernes, hanggang Linggo! ALL FILIPINO BOOK FAIR sa CCP! #Aklatan #Performatura2019 #discountedbook"
"Minsan talaga ayoko na sa pinas. Filipino swifties are the real ones.  "
"as a Filipino student, my concerns right now are not about performance tasks, assignments, projects etc. but my con "
"Yah boi just got screened to be one of the first ever Filipino Trainers for Capacity Building, to be trained this P "
" Hello dear, would you please say it in English. I am not a Filipino and my Tagalog is so limited.#MayWardforFHxZilingo"
"another filipino toxic culture "
"    Yeah, I guess it mostly an issue with all the Thai and "
"GRADE 10. FILIPINO. INTERPRETATIVE DANCE. MA'AM PAREN. OHMYGOD ANG MEMORIES PAL "
"Deciding to be good and do my filipino report OR be pressured and fail tomorrow"
"Tapos mahilig pala sila ng family niya kumain ng Filipino food. Eh di segue naman ako sa Concha. Hahahahaha "
"Toxic Filipino Culture nirealtalk mo kaibigan mo, bully ka na agad."
" : Sehun rapping/singing in Filipino. Wow ://t.co/26PxfqJhvr"
"    There are lots of nice non-spicy Filipino foods "
"baka naman gusto nyong filipino version naman hehet "
" Lucio Gerardo sounds goooodd very spanish and filipino at the same time HAHAHAHA "
"Oh My Filipino Ver naman oh charot na hindi charot  "
"Ace comedian Jose Manalo of Eat Bulaga fame was once a part of this funny trio playing as Yoyo.  ^_^  The Boyoyon "
"Anong favorite filipino food mo?  Sinigang na hipon "
" : I'm Tryphena, a Filipino illustrator and animation student. I love drawing girls! "
"hello friends!!!! know none of you are into MNL48, but if you'd like to purchase these merch to support a Filipi "
"TransCycle: Indonesian, Swedish, French, Filipino, Haitian Creole, Shona, Esperanto, Shona, Basque"
"Students &amp; orgs from held a protest in various parts of Manila to  condemn the killing of 14 farmers in N "
" : toxic filipino culture is when sons are supported in having any types of relations with a girl but daughters are contra"
"Ang galing at may ganito pala. Arduino tutorial in Filipino://t.co/QahriVLB8G"
" How to Improve Your Filipino Listening Skills : Learn Filipino with the best FREE online resources, just cli "
"Ma: Nak kakain ka na?: Ano ulam?: Masarap.... TO BE A FILIPINO!!!"
" : oh my filipino ver. oks ba yon stomoyon"
"nAKATAPOS AKO VID HA FILIPINO :D "
"ICYMI: 'Being open to new technologies will help BPOs in the Philippines keep up with changing demand', said Aloric "
"oh my filipino ver. oks ba yon stomoyon"
"WITH HONORS IN COM AS FILIPINO ATTENDANCE GOD FOR MY SUCCESS."
"mas pinayagan pa mag-trabaho mga chinese kesa mga filipino sa sariling bansa :---(("
"Being half Filipino and half white means I can make brown people, Asian people, and white people jokes and everyone "
"In a swipe at the presence of Chinese vessels in the West Philippine Sea, the Department of National Defense encour "
"Zhao: Chinese, Filipino fishers should observe fishing limits in SCS://t.co/2aLUGaczRW "
" No, Donald J. Trump is the best thing to ever happen to nepotism, political grifters, Russian agen "
" : Rt this sunshines if you're the one of filipino blink #ABRILovinKAOSETH "
"iniwan mo ko diba ayan tuloy mag momoving up akong with honors, perfect attendance, best in com arts(filipino). ika "
" Filipino drag queens are making me sooo proud. "
" : Toxic filipino mindset?   and using the english language mEaNs you not proud to be a filo  lmao fuck that m"
"my jhs journey is now over, wait ka lang diyan shs. All for You, Lord! *with high honors*best in math, science "
"No joke mukhang papatayin na kami ng major namin tapos may panibagong pananaliksik pa na kailangan gawin sa asignat "
"Na april fools ako sa best in filipino ko ah hahaha, ang saya ng april fools na to aah"
"One hour delay... Filipino Time nga naman. #MayWardforFHxZilingo"
"miss ko na yung ignatio :(( yung tuwing filipino lang tumitinoo"
" :   nito ang araw ko kapag time ng filipino. Galing kumanta! At higit sa lahat mabait at matalino"
"The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. Eleanor Roosevelt: Mathematics,Engl "
"  Hi! Do you have any Filipino Delicacy that you would like us to feature?"
"can any of my working filipino moots message me i am of need of life advice (read as: advice for someone who failed "
" : El 1er libro de autor filipino fue Epigrammata (Sampaloc, 1766), de Bartolom Saguins, cura de Quiapo: un elogio en vers"
" :  Filipino women in general and M in particular are mabango because we are very tidy. Not only once did I hear &amp; rea"
" : he's like a diwata omg someone make a filipino myth inspired story "
"filipino nctzens where you at?? let be mutual  kapagod mag-english"
" typical filipino toxicity"
"Done Watching EERIE #eerie The Best Filipino Horror Movie of 2019 for me so far   yung Bayad nyo sinehan "
" : April 2 is the Feast of ST. PEDRO CALUNGSOD, the second Filipino Saint and patron of the Filipino Youth. Happy Feastday, every"
"FILIPINO ARMY IM GOING TO MANILA IN 2 WEEKS (HINDI PA CONFIRMED PERO I FEEL LIKE IM GOING) SINONG GUSTO BT21 MERCH?"
" Filipino romcoms can be such a hit and miss! Enjoy!!!"
"Toxic Filipino existence"
"IVANKA TRUMP make - up transformation by PAOLO BALLESTEROS (Filipino Actor/TV Host)  "
" will definitely get round to watching it asap! been on such a romcom binge since i noted the manic "
" Because.... Filipino"
" sksksksksk filipino chaebol sya and im- wala pa ata 10% ng yaman nya  nawalan ako n confidence mumsh"
" : Things only Filipino Kpop stans can understand:-CLC's Pepe and Twice's TT HAHAHA-ASTRO's Pak Ganern game on V-Live-M"
"  nito ang araw ko kapag time ng filipino. Galing kumanta! At higit sa lahat mabait at ma "
" think we are concerned about the livelihood of fishermen from both sides. And if they think they can fish in the "
"Kiligon man sad ta aning answer ni mama sa assignment filipino hahahahaha"
"ang sasama, kapwa Filipino pa naman "
" : So as a prank for April fools I told my parents na Top 4 ako sa Filipino (although 96 talaga ave. ko) : Top 4 ako sa"
"saw my loving filipino teacher a while ago!!! mareng arlene, everyone!!! hehehehehe "
"filipino movie pinapanood mo pero english sub parin binabasa mo  #buybust"
" : We support you all the way, don't be shock because your are love by many Filipino's not boyfriend love but sisters, brothers"
"Rt this sunshines if you're the one of filipino blink #ABRILovinKAOSETH "
"ang sarap matulog ngayon tapos andami nung quiz sa filipino anuna"
"Omg when I was a kid, my grandfather would make me watch videos of this and look at pictures  #ayefilipino "
"6. Language:- Brush up on your FILIPINO! the Fil subtest on LP is SOOO DEEP (for me). - Remember your SV-agreemen "
"CAN'T SAY NO CHALLENGE with My Filipino Lola #Ihadbestgrandmatoo"
"  Hi lil ken! Do you have any Filipino Delicacy that you would like us to feature?"
" : toxic filipino family culture?  kapag may bagay sila na binigay sayo for free, isusumbat nila  kapag may nagawa kang mal"
" Filipino time? Lol"
" : LOOK: New Chinese restaurant in Las Pi City that caters mostly to Chinese construction workers of a development site. Fi"
" Hi Vincci! Do you have any Filipino Delicacy that you would like us to feature?"
" HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH NAKS BINATANG FILIPINO YEAH"
"filipino (y do i live here), mandarin, hokkien (im a FAKE :( ), russian, estonian (cos ive always found it pretty) "
"favorite cuisine?  Filipino and some Western cuisine "
" : sf9 zepp tour and seventeen haru concert in japan!!!!  *cries in filipino fantasy and carat*  "
"By Hannah Torregoza Senator Leila de Lima on Tuesday slammed the Duterte administration for dissuading F "
"hi hello so buti pa sa filipino may format na binigay para sa title defense pano kaya yung sa english hehe"
"       "
"You both made a lot of Filipino smile and laugh to the point that we can't help but produce a lot of GAS hahahaha. "
"at ano daw? they're doing the same with filipino illegal workers in china?? tangina yes babaon na tayo sa utang na loo"
"Kaloka buti pa mga tiga Ibang Ang daling makahanap ng Trabaho at Yung iba mag Special Permit pa pero yung mga Filip "
"Toxic filipino culture: taong walang ibang ginawa kundi sirain ka, di nalang tumulong mag community service ng "
"Yo filipino rap is lit lately "
"i dunno but it feels so weird when i speak filipino on here ahjsjsjd"
"the way jacob keeps on using his selfie stick like a filipino tito"
" : Pinoys be dwelling on Jim Paredes, Loisa, and such and then there China, Filipino Farmers being murdered "
" : ICYMI :  Panoorin: Senator  para sa kapakanan ng mga Overseas Filipino Workers  #AlagangA"
"Unrelated but, i had this old racist patient patient: I ONLY WANT CHINESE SINGAPOREAN TO TAKE CARE OF ME!!!! "
"pag nakashort ka, malandi ka that toxic filipino mindset"
" eto ung reac mo nung nakuha mo ung sagot sa recitation sa filipino kanina"
" na may kopya ng ibong mandaragit , kung pwede po sana mahiram muna this quarter para sa filipino namin "
"wala jud ko kasabot nganong na 92 ko nga wala ko kapass sa report ug portfolio sa filipino gusto pa nako iapas ug pass maam HAHAHAHAHHAHAHAH"
"Toxic filipino shits big yuckzzxzxsc"
" :  I thought you're speaking the Filipino language, Kili-kili means armpit"
" : Catch JM de Guzman live: 2- Its Showtime with Arci Mu. 6- Centrio Mall of Ayala , Cagayan de Oro City LFS mov"
"Scandal Filipino women"
"Your FIRST Filipino team to join NBC World of Dance is also the FIRST Filipino team to compete in Body Rock Junior! "
" : Get ready for the biggest Filipino MCU Fan gathering!-register and assure yourself a slot through: "
" I thought you're speaking the Filipino language, Kili-kili means armpit"
"Israel expects more Filipino tourists in 2019 "
" Is this filipino? HAHAHAHAHAHA"
" Being a filipino is the best thing ever"
"Before I continue pumasok na pala sina sir tle at ma'am Filipino.. time na para ipakilala Sila..'am MARDETH (FI "
" Can I hear bretman saying Filipino wordsssssss?????? Or like can u do the Filipino challenge thing? Huehue"
"    The most I ever made was pancit! I need to find a goo "
"  Filipino akin eh English kanya"
"Bc as a filipino, rice is lyf  "
"., one of South Korea youngest superstars, is slated to meet his Filipino fans this April! him in "
" :  filipino joshua x reader au! saan binigay ng cute na barista na si joshua ang number niya sayo nung umorder ka ng k"
"fav filipino movie  madami jdjdjdjd nde aq makapili shux "
"ulam** lmao my filipino blood is cancelledt"
"Ngiting in love na dalaga at binatang Filipino, yeah! Gusto n'yo bang laging ganito ang eksena nina Emong at Gelay? "
"I think Filipino is suitable for teaching and hospitality. a gift given from God.://t.co/7rt2ijMtJ3"
"DND to Filipino fishermen: Continue fishing in our waters "
"Filipino feeling research"
" : ulan is probably the best filipino movie i've ever watched so far. the cinematography was so well done and aesthetic,"
" : TXTau Filipino!Messenger Style. android ako atsaka ayun lang mga ka TM. do not steal and quote to reply thank y"
""
"E di new classmates. Nung time na naresection kasi sila may activity kami sa filipino. Eh ako naman, wala akong pan "
"Students &amp; organizations from various universities held a protest to  condemn the killing of 14 farmers i "
"hatest filipino value?  nagsesettle nalang sa kung anong meron.. parang takot sa development ganern "
"Kung di lang droga ang adderall, panis yang math at filipino na yan sakin"
"ROBLOX FILIPINO PAY XD #RagdollEngine #RobloxDev #Roblox "
""
"filipino  ok? "
"Natapos din sa filipino  stressful"
" Be humble always filipino love you so much.. "
" Chloe Grace Moretz is a filipino queen."
" i worry about my kids not speaking filipino- it scary"
"Simula ngayon hanggang Abril 4, magkakaroon ng mga serye ng mga plenaryo, palihan sa tula, sanaysay at maikling kuw "
"shuxx natrigger ako anong narinig ko nanaman sa balita na parang wala namang vinaviolate yung china sa kapwa Filipi "
"a filipino lawyer that serves as chairman of FLAG, he is indeed a joke. Like, really. "
"We would love it if you could drop by as we release our first Filipino song! with us and our friends, "
" : Seven Sundays was the purest filipino movie i ever seen and also enrique gil my man ugh love him"
"Ikaw na ang pinaka naganda na dalaga sa'king mata  #filipino #DalagangPilipinaChallenge"
"  Deputa! Fix this! Filipino first! Support patriotism! Don't be China's lackeys. "
"-same rin sa isang class na may introduce yourselves but that time na FILIPINO time na namin.. NAKATIRA that was "
"This one of the toxic Filipino culture. Lol."
"By MB Online observance of the Araw ng Kagitingan and Philippine Veterans Week, Filipino war veterans will be ab "
"1. 5 inches is just a little above the average filipino size, meh.. Women's fingers know where and how to hit the "
"Idealista s que 'it will kill' ilusiones y esperanzas y no las armas de Forjado a fuego, amigo filipino. "
"at dahil bday mo ngayon sana ipasa mo filipino ko pls tnx"
"  omg fellow filipino ari stannn "
"Ako lang ba di natakot sa eerie??? I mean the cinematography was good and the story was actually interesting but to "
" YES YES, NAALIS YUNG MINDSET KO NA LAPA ANG FILIPINO HORROR FILMS HAHAHAHAHAH"
"Pinoys be dwelling on Jim Paredes, Loisa, and such and then there China, Filipino Farmers being murdered "
"once i know filipino better i read this  just u wait "
"A Sensitive Attitude of a filipino bow"
" :  "
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 | "
" : DND to Filipino fishermen: Continue fishing in our waters | News | GMA News Online "
"Toxic Filipino Family Trait: na yung nasaktan, nagsakripisyo at nagpaka-alila pero sa mata nila makasalanan ka."
" A Filipino knows"
" Hi Sir good afternoon, I am an avid fan of movies. Hoping for more projects. Proud Filipino here."
" Filipino time "
" "
"Toxic Filipino mindset: maguwang dapat respetoon bisag wa ka gi respeto"
"this looks like a filipino mom from their 80s eye- "
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 | "
"We support you all the way, don't be shock because your are love by many Filipino's not boyfriend love but sisters, "
"Filipino titser ang natapos na biglang napaturo ng Araling Palipunan. "
" Korean at Filipino movies/series ba yan? HAHAHAHAHA"
"tanginang tle at filipino yan"
"Filipino"
" I was with my nanay a while ago, and I realize how ganda is our filipino prang like nakakalimot na us naman  HAHAHHA"
" If you were given a chance are you willing to visit Philippines p'?  A lot of filipino fans are also excited on the 1st ep."
"Nu ba toh! Bukas monologo tas reporting pa anuna filipino haha"
" : james reid: there ain't nothing in this world like a filipina girl-: pUTA I'M SO PROUD TO BE A FILIPINO CITIZEN IN THIS BE"
"-Digam, como era?-Hombre, ojos rasgados, piel morena, bajito...-Un filipino?-No gracias, yo soy m de Donettes.-Eh?"
"I taught cindy the filipino term kilig lmao let's see how she uses it"
"Here's a salute to our soldiers' service "
"MANILA, Philippines  Light Rail Transit Line 2 (L2) will give free rides to Filipino war veterans from April 5 t "
" Thank You  ,   came in Boston, MA in 1995. I was a Filipino civilian e "
"I don't wanna ruin the mood of this lady rn but I just wanna share na naalala ko bigla yung Filipino class namin w/ "
"Xoxadddd talaga yung grade ko ngaun sa Filipino:&lt;&lt;"
"I like Filipino paper bills  they have each unique colors. "
" : What Filipino telenovela is this? "
"approve na kami sa Filipino HAHAHAHAHA skl"
"Dont just settle on training urself to read long stories in English, coz sa UPCAT, maraming mga Filipino stories."
" : Pure Filipino pero mukhang Amerikano!  mo bebe    400k followers on Ig!  well deserved!"
"omgjsjdjsj,, I have alot of Filipino moots,, I'm sorry I had to put you all as plus ;(((("
"Toxic filipino culture: Kailangan muna magkawork para magtiwala sayo. "
"Naghahanap ka ba ng kainan na may UNLI DRINKS? UNLI RICE? PERO MURANG PRICE? check my latest vlog hehe  and my fr "
"ipanglabay ko ning libro nakos filipino atay baya oy wa koy masabtan unsay silyon boset"
"how toxic filipino parents are "
"sf9 zepp tour and seventeen haru concert in japan!!!!  *cries in filipino fantasy and carat*  "
"Americana vs. Camisa: The History of Filipino Men's Fashion #Esquiremag.ph via "
"Nakakaloka naman tong Filipino"
"Seg la doctrina marxista el proletariado es la clase revolucionaria moderna con su oposici a la burgues. PODE "
"Sad reality of the filipino community nowadays. Mas educado pa sainyo yung ginagago nyo. "
"finally got the courage to message my ** to talk about his math grade &amp; compliment his performance sa filipino festival hEHEHHEE BROOOOO"
" : lmao filipino professional basketball players dancing to love shot  IM SCREAMING "
"TXTau Filipino!Messenger Style. android ako atsaka ayun lang mga ka TM. do not steal and quote to reply t "
"#SentroBalita | Umano'y harassment sa Filipino fishermen sa WPS, iniimbestigahan din ng China://t.co/wQphsOiHhx"
" : Mingyu with Filipino Snacks...  are CTTO  "
"bitch how can i act with these filipino lines like okay lez turn this melodrama to a comedy"
" ko  sa Papa ko. One goal at a time for Joshua. &lt;3  Own home...achieved! "
"Maybe Koolit will give my a Filipino bank some day... maybe she'll learn Filipino someday, too!"
"Pure Filipino pero mukhang Amerikano!  mo bebe    400k followers on Ig!  well deserv "
"JUSME NAGULAT AKO MAY FILIPINO SUB "
" All filipino's love you"
"[190402] o o p x  p a d a a n  m u n a  s a  f e e d  n i y o *with honors*best in journalism in filipino*1st p "
" : Thank you for your overwhelming support, Filipino Ongmins!  we hit the 500 follower mark, we'll draw the winners and ann"
"   we love him so much because he is a good person. Even if his pure japanese but his heart is "
"KAKAMPI MO ANG BATAS.SYNDICATED, FILIPINO. 02 APRIL 2019 Higit sa 250,000 mga kaso sa droga, nakabimbin sa mga Cs "
" : [  TWICE AS FILIPINO TEACHERS ; A THREAD  ] "
"filipino lessons with gguk 101 () - yes - no - maybe - don't want - ko ang nota, ang nota nota mo"
"Naisip ko lang na if ever mag debut sa pilipinas yung SVT tapos gagawan nila ng filipino version yung mga kanta nil "
"aaaah yes my favourite filipino rom com the miseducation of cameron post "
"sksjskjskjsksjskj,, that's gay (joke lang po!!) and cute,, let's go filipino stans!!! "
" : Lumevel up na ang filipino horror :D  was better than what i expected, it was reeallly niccceee"
"Filipino mom: KANINA KA PA DIYAN NAKAHIGA TANGHALING TAPAT NA OH, DI KA TATAYO? "
"sino may dala ng filipino book amp"
" : I liked a  video "
"You know it's authentic Filipino restau if they give you A LOT OF RICE "
" : KABATAAN Rep.  called for an independent probe into the state-backed killings in Negros Oriental."
" : sometimes i not angry, i just extremely hurt. there a big difference."
" :  "
" : LT KANINANG FILIPINO TIME HAHAHAHAHAH"
"Sleeping Beauty sa Filipino time "
"nurse joy is a filipino baddie"
" :  Wala pa..7pm ang start..Pero alam mo na Filipino time hehehe#MayWardforFHxZilingo"
" : Happy #TransDayOfVisibility !! My name is Dant and I'm a mixed Filipino artist who loves makeup and drawing. I started ta"
" I,   came in America in 1995. My first job in 1998-2009 at wealthy City of Cambridge "
" Dalagang bagsak sa Filipino yeah HAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHA"
" Alam mo naman eh siyemore yung filipino teacher mo"
" : Toxic Filipino Mentality:  ka kaagad kahit hindi pa alam ang buong kwento tsk"
"ICYMI :  Panoorin: Senator  para sa kapakanan ng mga Overseas Filipino Workers "
" : Learn tagalog to understand filipino jokes   "
" JAPAN Filipino Martial Arts ARNIS "
" Wala pa..7pm ang start..Pero alam mo na Filipino time hehehe#MayWardforFHxZilingo"
"what is it with filipino shitposters thinking that shit like r*pe and mental &amp; physical disability could be memed. "
"The best Filipino horror movie you must include in movie watchlist. Drop everything and book your tickets right now "
"What are the implications of Rice Tarrification Law? Learn more about its effects in the livelihood of Filipino Far "
"First time kong matakot sa isang Filipino Horror, good job Eerie!! Pero syempre mas takot akong mawala ka yie"
"The Encantadia cast is back in 's #Mystified, with plenty of nostalgic butt-kicking action! "
"Lumevel up na ang filipino horror :D  was better than what i expected, it was reeallly niccceee"
"Filipino boyyy char "
"My heart is breaking at the sight of this :( I feel ashamed for being a Filipino right now. Please. Wag naman ganya "
"  sorry math science ap filipino ;("
"ctto  nakang susuko na ko filipino "
"lt si prince naalala ko HAHAHAHA: pre tara gawa na tayo sa filipino: wag na yon mag ml nalang tayo"
" : #DarrenCriss is in #Manila, per this post by , who designed Darren's wedding barongs (#Filipino shirt): "
"Happy Feastday, San Pedro Calungsod! :)  the Filipino youth today be as bold as you in standing up for the tru "
"Uy mej nadalian ako sa AnaChemLec at Filipino huh. Ganun na lang sana parati? down, 10 to go pa"
"ano ba yan filipino nanaman bukas"
" : Floyd: I came from Maldives and I wanted to get a facial. My assistant who Filipino said we have to go to Manila to se"
"My filipino is getting all scrambled together w tag. Bisaya. Y chaba.. "
"EERIE  eto na first time ko ulit manuod ng filipino horror movie kase syempre as we expect napaka korni ng horr "
"Learn tagalog to understand filipino jokes   "
"if this is how u define filipinos? then i dont want to be a filipino "
" Ngek hekhek"
" Another person is also probably dreaming about food expedition along with you during the trip to Manila. "
"'s slaughter05;Incidents such as Balangiga were common.This was village whereUS's general was angered by Filipino resistance. _"
"  filipino boy"
"i'm not proud to be a filipino because of this  "
"  Why he should apologize to the entire Filipino? Did he commit a crime. If this will be your "
"-*Ung ka basic nung recitation nio kanina sa filipino:foccc..basic"
"not a dds nor a dilawan, just a filipino who longs for a visible change. when is it coming kaya? "
"Celebrate every Filipino with our Heritage Collection - available in Arabica Coffee, Cacao Nibs, Banana Chips and m "
" Nope "
"Toxic filipino tweeters be like ka tas pag na follow mona, Iuunfollow karin nila."
" : UP Dulaang Laboratoryo's  on Sophie Treadwell Machinal Adaptation by Eljay Castro Deldoc P.M. | A"
"April 2 is the feast day of St. Pedro Calungsod, patron of Filipino youth. :) Thinking of the three 11-Calungsods I "
" You deserve it mahaarrr   thank you also for loving Filipino people   mahal na mahal ka naminnnn "
"Achieved!!! 1 Overall in Mathematics in Filipino in ESP 2nd Quarter in ESP 3rd Quarter "
"As much as I'm going to love living in the Philippines, the concept of Filipino time is going to seriously drive me up the damn wall..."
"The Filipino workers deserve better jobs and security in order for them to earn money for their families and everyd "
"#ManilaFAME showcases the most extensive products finely designed &amp; crafted by Filipino craftsmen. Discover a wide "
" Haha salamat"
"Totoo na, Medyor sa Filipino!  "
"xiao feng in Filipino subject be like: "
"i asked for filipino facebook, not conyo "
"Choose the best battle royal games (for Filipino players only) for Rules of Survival! for Apex Legends!"
"another filipino pabobohan edition  "
" That thing called tadhana. A Filipino movie"
"This was why the Chinese ambassador, through gritted teeth, said Filipino fishermen MAY fish in the WPS. "
"TOXIC FUCKING FILIPINO SHIT :/ "
"  Even if majority of the Filipino political leaders ay gusto ang China, there will alwa "
"sa batas ay sumaway sobrang filipino "
" ambot kalimot sad ko HAHAHAHAHHAAHHAHHAHAAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA either filipino or english na student teacher"
" : Over the weekend, #USSChief Sailors attended a wreath-laying ceremony at the Manila American Cemetery and Memorial in Manil"
"Toxic filipino mindset?   and using the english language mEaNs you not proud to be a filo  lmao fuck "
"#SentroBalita | Filipino fishermen, hinimok na mangisda sa ating EEZ sa WPS://t.co/xSxoSOnirQ"
" : website na pwedeng makapag dl ng filipino movies? help me."
"  Yet you may be one of those people who never complain when Filipino acts join in inter "
"bAKIT FILIPINO YUNG SUBJ PERO PANG WRITING YAN HAHAHAHAHAHAHA "
" : Our FumiDre, our Japanese &amp; foreign bestfriends who embodies the qualities of being a true Filipino. They may have lan"
"LT KANINANG FILIPINO TIME HAHAHAHAHAH"
" Bat ganun walang Filipino subject nung nursery ako?"
"y can't we just show our support and appreciate his effort to finish his studies? I love being a Filipino pero mins "
": Neil: Male: May 19 2005: Filipino : singing and dancing"
"Anong masasabi mo sa mga nagsasabing tokis ka? Tokis ka ba talaga?  Grabe wa, nalalate lang pero sisipot. HAHAHAHA "
" I recommend you to go to Jollibee first HAHAHAAHHA, then go to Kuya J's restaurant for delicious filipino cuisines esp sisig! "
"I'm at Rekado Filipino Comfort Cuisine in Davao City, 8000 "
"With two daughters having Asperger syndrome and a son with autism, this #Filipino expat is one of the UAE's staun "
" : LOOK: New Chinese restaurant in Las Pi City that caters mostly to Chinese construction workers of a development site. Fil"
"G: I love you: I can breathe my goodness that twist. I can be watching Filipino movies at night."
"Filipino moms really are this extra I SWEAR "
" : Filipino nurse taking my blood: Oh, you're so pale!: It's okay to be white ;-): *laughs* Yes, it's very beauti"
"Oh I don't know maybe he's currently the chairman of the Free Legal Assistance Group founded by Atty. Diokno's fath "
"sinigang &gt; entirety of filipino cuisine"
"*watching filipino movie*: eean can you understand tagalog? : no but i understand that they're laughing  "
"May kumausap sakin in filipino naman pero di ko naintindihan."
" ohhHh a filipino cpop stan!!! Congraaats uwu hehe sori medj feeling close~"
"Hakot Awards: Honors Awardee attendance Awardee SSG service Awardee "
"In Photos: Awarding of extension support/financial assistance to the  two (2) young Filipino farmers in Siquijor. "
" Bitch when my mom seen you guys outside at my garage before winter she said, so handsome what a "
"Waaaahhhh! Kainamang bilis! Paano yung nag-iisip at nag-iipon? nice work, Filipino Westlifers "
"Happy Birthday to this guy   love you and we hope to see you soon!-Filipino limelights "
"Toxic filipino culture: Mag support ug foreign music pero ang sa opm tawagon ug jeje opxzxcxxz"
" : hoyy ang ganda ng eerie, umaarangkada na filipino horror movies "
" Tagalog and Kapampangan. Both Filipino languages. She was born here but grew up over there. Her Mum "
" hindi dugyot so hindi mukang filipino (HAHAHAHA sorry dugyot kasi ako)"
"what's up with filipino parents who kept insisting their child to take nursing or to be a doctor"
"DND to Filipino fishermen: Continue fishing in our waters | News | GMA News Online "
"For your GQ-esque shoe needs that is proudly Filipino made "
" : Attend a concert of a Filipino who only proud to be Filipino for clout? But shames our own culture and focuses only on the ne"
"  I'm a Filipino and I'm not laughing And of a certainty not the only one. The people laughin "
"Totyal. Kahit dito sa SG, balitang-balita ang talent mo, Boy Salsal.  are world-class, indeed! Lol. "
"scrolling through netflix in the filipino movie section and realizing that they have waaaaaaaay too much kabit st "
" shoutout sa mga ksma kong nagddrive jan at nakikinig dito sa the first and only filipino radio station "
""
"Woah!!!! They're singing a filipino Song!!!! #POPSSSSAussie"
"Common Filipino culture: plano ng outing wala naman natutuloy."
"Wow, galit na galit sa mga taong gusto matuto ng ibang language pero tignan mo yung anak, hindi makaintindi ng Filipino. Wow ha."
"ayoko na netong filipino,,, bala na stock knowledge na lang"
" : and I'm back with another historical fact combined with unsaturated humor: bought the rights to Fox like how A"
" stray kids singing filipino songs!!"
"Support Filipino avocado growers instead!  "
"Congrats and good luck to Filipino chefs Tom Cunanan &amp; Margarita Manzke, writers  &amp; Miguel Trinidad ( "
" : when will toxic filipino body shaming culture end?"
"On today episode of Filipino comments at its worst. Featuring: racist -noise !!!! "
"Friend: Ano meron bukas?: Convention       Filipino PETA       AP LT       Health LT       Filipino quiz"
"Dahil amy trangkaso ang dalagang Filipino, noodles muna ang kakainin. "
"Eighty new Filipino nurses to join QEH staff "
"Arrived in Bacolod to the news that  snatched a very late equalizer vs PSM Makassar. 1-1. Precious point for "
"Sino kagroup mo sa Filipino?  sila kylie "
" living in the Philippines man that sucks -a Filipino living in the Philippines"
" : we'll be bringing classic Filipino street food for each and everyone! us as we celebrate the success of our activities"
" :  I Dont think so.. Yamyam is talented too.. He compose song..  He can sing too..he can dance well. Marm"
"IN THE NEWS: In an effort to continually improve the proficiency of Filipino seafarers, two (2) maritime educationa "
"I am looking forward to meeting you at my station tomorrow baby boy hahaha "
" filipino one huh? I get a affirming gesture. In a moment I narrow it down to two possible candidates.  "
"LOOK: Students from different universities held a mobilization to strongly condemn the recent massacre of 14 farmer "
"KAKAMPI MO ANG BATAS.SYNDICATED, FILIPINO. 02 APRIL 2019 sa 250,000 mga kaso sa droga, nakabimbin sa mga Cs"
" : I would love to take two weeks and just travel to different ball parks across the United States and watch baseball in a"
" :  bawat pagpatay ng magsasaka ay pinapatay rin ang mga taong nagkakaganansya sa kanilang mga nililikhang produkto at"
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant: |              ||              ||               |                 | "
" : You ain really Filipino if your mom doesn greet you like this. "
"i hate being Filipino daw ano pa ginagawa renounce your filipino citizenship na bilis  kahiya hiya naman na asa lup "
" filipino joshua x reader au! saan binigay ng cute na barista na si joshua ang number niya sayo nung umorder "
" : Bong Revilla believes that the Family &amp; Medical Leave Act will help ease the burden of millions of Filipino employees"
" : Taylor being viral in the Philippines for Water Shortage edit and 'Dalagang Pilipina' edit, putting her at a local newspaper."
" Yep! I'm loving the black too. Salamat (thank you in Filipino)"
"4 Filipino entrepreneurs land in Forbes' '30 Under 30' 2019 list "
"My food cravings for the past five years: -&gt; Persian -&gt; Korean -&gt; any grilled meaaaat -&gt; Mexican. y "
"KAKAMPI MO ANG BATAS.SYNDICATED, FILIPINO. 02 APRIL 2019 sa 250,000 mga kaso sa droga, nakabimbin sa mga C "
"I have followed some of my old Filipino friends on twitter. I hope they know who I am LOL"
"Half filipino at half pinoy daw siya. HAHAHAHAHAHA pakiingatan sarili mo, kuys. Nag iisa ka nalang"
"Isang single na Filipino yeah."
" :  Am A Filipino cookbook nominated for James Beard Award "
" : I am thrilled by the extraordinary privilege to witness the negotiations at #CITES #CoP18, and to see how global policies are c"
" : 70, 80 and 90 filipino comedy movies are still the best."
" : The Commission on Population reported Filipino parents still refuse to discuss and teach the rudiments of sex to their"
"70, 80 and 90 filipino comedy movies are still the best."
"i was wondering every person at this country say me as filipino guy"
"Fuck Filipino minset, pag amoy safeguard kamay mo tumae ka agad."
" : You have problems ma'am. My Filipino grade is a letter grade higher than my English grade, and let me tell you this--&gt;"
"YIEE FILIPINO GROUP  "
"TOXIC FILIPINO CULTURE: AD HOMINEM"
" EXCUSE ME MISS YOURE NOT FILIPINO"
"hoyy ang ganda ng eerie, umaarangkada na filipino horror movies "
"Nobody: boys at mhs: I TOLD YU NAT TU GOTU BAT U GOTU,,,"
"there a fucking line between disrespect and light jokes. and we have the audacity to call ourselves respectful as "
"Ang saya walang filipino HAHAHAHAHA"
"  and on that note...I'm going to continue with my Filipino drama...the long lost son has returned to "
"Tapos nako sa filipino thank youuuuuuu"
" : Seat mates nako sa filipino, pati ba naman sa misa  "
"website na pwedeng makapag dl ng filipino movies? help me."
" Sipagan mo pa lalo sa filipino ha! Hahaha"
"[ABS-CBN] How Filipino BPOs can stay competitive as tax reform looms | "
"[ABS-CBN] How Filipino BPOs can stay competitive as tax reform looms | "
"[ABS-CBN] How Filipino BPOs can stay competitive as tax reform looms | "
" : ICYMI:  Filipino fans were thrilled during the dreamy concert of the Korean girl group DREAMCATCHER! ://t.co/GqO4bHwD0q"
"Tots abt sir james  Magaling magturo ng filipino, advisory class niya is st.francis,yieeee ms.alma "
"Filipino words that have two meanings: -minsan eye glass minsan mirror - minsan cow minsan  maybe "
"ICYMI:  Filipino fans were thrilled during the dreamy concert of the Korean girl group DREAMCATCHER! ://t.co/GqO4bHwD0q"
"Di ko deserve yung merit award kasi sa totoo lang wala naman akong paki sa ibang sub maliban sa filipino."
" : to ALDUB fans, this is a good article about Alden Richards, Maine Mendoza, &amp; Arjo Atayde! Napakagandang basahin. LOVETEAM"
" :   He owes Filipino people an apology for doing a super kadiring action. I watch masturbation video"
"READ | In a swipe at the presence of Chinese vessels in the West Philippine Sea, the Department of National Defense "
"Happy 20th Birthday!   sending love from Filipino Limelights here in the Philippines"
"Best in filipino w/ merit award "
"onsa man tong filipino na presentation badshat man to"
" : 4 Filipino entrepreneurs land in Forbes' '30 Under 30' 2019 list "
"LOOK: New Chinese restaurant in Las Pi City that caters mostly to Chinese construction workers of a development "
"Filipino mindset is ironic; they hate and give grudge to corrupt politics in films yet they vote for them in reality."
" : SO... I just watched Ulan (2019). Hands down to Direk Irene Villamor. She's like the Taylor Swift of the Film Industry, I"
" : Finally, I've watched a unique filipino film that made me realize a lot of things about how I value my beliefs and realities"
"Toxic Filipino culture: pagkakamali lang gagawan ka ng issue"
"Thank you Sec.  They need Coast Guard cutters to back them up. "
"LOOK: New Chinese restaurant in Las Pi City that caters mostly to Chinese construction workers of a development "
"1st time ako nagandahan talaga sa Filipino horror movie. Kahit natatawa ako pang mmk pa rin yung boses ni Charo. #Eerie"
"oh my god my majors prof and my high school filipino prof are friends on facebook??  hindi ako stan ng noli me "
"4 Filipino entrepreneurs land in Forbes' '30 Under 30' 2019 list "
" : What really got me with #UlanMovie is the subtle Filipino elements. It didn't try to be another picture perfect western rip-"
" : LOOK: There a new Chinese restaurant in Las Pi City that caters mostly to Chinese construction workers of a develo"
"#MassageBodytobody #MassageFullBody #massageInRiyadh #MASSAGEVIP.   #massage_riyadh. "
" : Just watched Eerie finally, it def the best Filipino Horror Movie i seen in a long time.  "
"Why does this look like every Filipino kid Tita Pinky "
" bawat pagpatay ng magsasaka ay pinapatay rin ang mga taong nagkakaganansya sa kanilang mga nililikhang produkto "
" : hELLO!!! MUTUALS!! I NEED YOUR HELP! WILL YOU DO ME A FAVOR AND ANSWER THE SURVEY MY GROUP MADE?  MOOTS, LABAS"
"LOOK: There a new Chinese restaurant in Las Pi City that caters mostly to Chinese construction workers of a de "
" You don't like Filipino/Korean drama or you dont want to talk about it "
"As a filipino we all judge all the people we encounter and we saw."
"  Tomo kai &lt;3 Japanese-Filipino friendship club plus culture appreciation"
" :                   Day 92 of 365        Keep the Faith. Stay strong.                Better things are"
" :  not the daily increase but daily decrease. Hack away at the unessential.- Bruce Lee"
" :  you become more clear about who you really are, you be better able to decide what is best for you  the first time aro"
" : Kyle Patrick wowed Filipino audience at secret show in Quezon City "
"PALIHUG SA BEST IN FILIPINO OY NA COMPLETE RA GALI ANG QUIZZES HAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHA "
"Such a disgrace. I am VERY gutted. This mofos don't deserve to be a Filipino because they make other filipinos be a "
" Honors Meet Volleyball Boys Secondary 3rd placer Broadcasting Filipino Secondary 3rd place "
"  He owes Filipino people an apology for doing a super kadiring action. I watch masturbation "
"apparently, the word 'mad' doesn't always mean 'galit' in filipino, it can also mean 'nagwawala'"
"Lydia Paek saying that her filipino friends telling  hernot to say her last name twice, and never bothered tellin "
"Basicly how well a guy but be not mentioned made a character from fox and if you look on my profile it part of his "
" : Dalagang pilipina pero bagsak sa Filipino"
" Bago mo sabihin yan,itanong mo muna sa sarili mo kung gusto ka ba ng mga kapwa mo Pilipino. And oh....If "
"Definitely one of the best Filipino horror films I have watched so far!  #Eerie"
"#Eerie best Filipino horror movie, nakakatakot beshie."
" AFP mismo ang pumapatay sa sarili nilang kadugo! ukol kay Angelico ng League of Filipino Students-UST "
"Sarap batuhin ng itlog itong si Panelo, Filipino ka ba? "
"happy birthday from your Filipino fans!! we love u   "
"Commend sa eerie first Filipino horror film na naka shagit jud ko yawa "
"MY BROTHER  DOESN'T KNOW WHAT PATIS IS HE EVEN FILIPINO"
" wewe Brown like wood , Filipino by blood kase yowns nakalimots agad "
"Yung sobrang bobo mo talaga sa mga ganitong gawain pag filipino."
"Do you know at the time of Ferdinand E. Marcos the numbers of Filipino's unemployed is only 4% and 96% is employed. "
"Me habang nakaopen mic with vietnamese players: Hey guys are you filipino?: No we are from Laos, You know "
"Filipino department"
"Filipino time consists of being an hour or two late to anything but being two-three hours early for a flight."
"Kahanga-hanga sa diskarte. Where there's a need, provide a solution! ^_^ sa iyo, nakaisip ako ng raket pam "
"Labour policy for example of guaranteeing every successful NHS applicant a Visa regardless of their pay grade is "
"nag hi pa si maam filipino (nakalimutan ko name sorry) nung shs HAHAHAHuhu do u actually alala? :("
"  I,   Filipino American, so thankful God blessings  and "
"Is this really what it's like to meet a nogizaka? Cuz we didn't just meet her, but really we had too much interacti "
" ba  magagalit ang mga magsasaka kung lugmok sila sa kahirapan?  ukol kay Kobe ng League of Filipino Student-SHS #EndStateFascism"
" : toxic Filipino culture: "
"The Chill Pills - Malapit Pa Rin (RAN - Dekat Di Hati Filipino Cover) "
" Hahahaha, nope. The Filipino words that I know and remember is a cuss words. "
"Support Filipino movies  "
"Took 2. Made upcat as warm-up nalang cause who would like to answer several questions in filipino. Hassle "
"Dalagang pilipina pero bagsak sa Filipino"
""
" : Half Filipino, Half ikaw, kasi hindi ako ma bubuo kapag wla ka boOooOooMm! Ikaw?"
"Filipino Culture is making new challenges. Istg, may bago na naman, ngayon Dalagang Pilipina wtf."
" : I feel so heartbroken after watching #ULANMovie. It's a movie that's magnificent cinematography-wise and acting-wise. The"
"Filipino musician Jim Paredes 'comes clean,' admits viral sex video is real "
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant: |              ||              ||               |                 | "
"pahamak Filipino bwiset"
"Toxic Filipino Mentality:  ka kaagad kahit hindi pa alam ang buong kwento tsk"
"Filipino 1 teacher : The way you talk to your friends and parents are different. to my friends: DUDE PARE CHONG "
" matulis ka pa rin at your age. Filipino men should be asking advice from you how you do it. No to kink shaming!"
"noice filipino flavors cool "
"I been watching Filipino videos since I got home. "
"y'all make memes about other religions or things you don't like pero when people make fun of what you like, y'all g "
" :  your major must be Filipino "
"gracias mria x baja a compra filipino pero k feo k se t olvide el pan xd"
"Mamas got that tv on high with the Korean/Filipino  movie, and I'm like oe you can't even understand them, why you "
"Unlike the NBS warehouse book sale, the branch in ATC have their discounts in minuscule. Got some books, when I had "
" a Filipino classic! "
"*me every time I write on my filipino journal notebook* "
"i always forget you're filipino coz you have better BM than me ahahaha "
"    Their trying to cover up their (corruption) fund sourcing fo "
" : Don believe everything you see on the Internet. Chris Goulding NEVER tweeted this. believe the 24hrs he had... firs"
"EERIE. Rating: 9/10  mula umpisa hanggang huli! Pinaghalong The Nun, Sadako, at The Ghost. Napaos ako kak "
"DALANG FILIPINA AT FILIPINO YEAH!"
"La mejor tortilla de patatas que me he comido en mi vida, la cocin un filipino cuando estaba de pr en un restaurante"
"He probado filipino food pero nunca he tenido una filipina girl hahah soy un disgrace por ser pinoy"
"Pag nag-exam ako sa filipino bukas mag hihighlights lang ako, tutal ganon naman sya mag discuss "
" In sarcastic way. Haha I thought you're a filipino!!!!"
"Why y Filipino, Vietnamese, Laos girls so fine. Be mine."
"Colmenares: If gov doesn act on West PH Sea, we will "
" : Toxic Filipino Culture:Pag sumagot ka, bastos ka. Kahit ikaw yung tama pero mas matanda kausap mo, kailangan tanggapin lah"
"#NowWatching somewhere only we know dubbed in Filipino   "
"       "
"M-3 announces free rides for Filipino veterans from April 5 to 11 "
" As a filipino ,I recommend chicken adobo,dinuguan at puto, native filipino  rice cake, and also our street foods "
" : The DND thanked the legislators for their strong support and appeal to both chambers of Congress to fast track this key defense"
" Hahahaha! Ok din pala ako kahit macaroni ung pasta basta ung sauce filipino style spag sauce haha"
" If may chance po na makipagcollab ka sa isang filipino author, who would it be ate Max? Labyu po #AskMAXINEJIJI"
"OKAY JAS GAT HOWM LETS GET THIS FILIPINO BREAD"
"sabi ng pamilya ko sakin magbasketball daw ako para tumangkad ako of all it doesnt work that way, is it a "
" : The search in on for Miss Philippines USA#Philippines #USA #MissPhilUSA #FilAm #Filipino #Filipina #Pinay #America #Beau"
"okay someone from my internet serice asked me for my father (in filipino) so i decided to also speak in filipino... "
"Tangina anong oras naaaaa, nasa filipino parin akoooo inangyaaann"
""
" : Me dreaming about food I gonna try in this trip at the Philippines. I gonna be the happiest eater and definitely gain we"
" : Filipino merries are their favorite i know it "
"Huy ywa ha gamay kaayo akong grado sa filipino second quarter"
"I hate working without leah.. my other coworkers only talk Filipino around me.. it's annoying . I literally sit for "
" I want to go to the #CokeStudioSummerConcert because I want to see the Filipino artist sharing their mu "
" ako na bully hahaha sorry na ba filipino freak hahaha"
" : Everyone is invited to the first-ever Philippine-based gathering of Japanese drama, movie, and pop culture fans! ://t."
"HOOOY ANG RESEARCH SA FILIPINO YAWA PANIMULA PALANG NAGAWA KO!!!! "
"Everyone is invited to the first-ever Philippine-based gathering of Japanese drama, movie, and pop culture fans! ://t.co/8YI8T4WF8L"
" : One of the scariest stories I read was from a twitter thread. The man talks about his story, a true horror story, in Engli"
"Ang cute naman ng Ex's Baggage. lang ako nanood ng Filipino movie na 'di indie. Madalas kasi, theatricals."
"  Wait wait wait, I feel like I missed the fvcking bus. How are Filipino not Asian? Why "
"we have this toxic filipino mentality; if you try to open ur mouth, u're considered disrespectful, so i stayed quiet."
"To all freedom loving Filipino people, let us march as one on April 9, Day of Valor, at the Chinese Consulate.:0 "
"Cower in terror before the awesome might of the Filipino snake god Zuma and his shoulder-mounted serpents! "
"Eerie is a big miss to something I thought was going to revolutionize Filipino horror movie structure. Points for t "
" : Woohoo! Back in the kitchen this week after my recent time off... this time, making a dessert (think, fried bananas, caram"
"my filipino mum when she was pregnant of me|               ||                |                  | "
" Wala pa kase ako naencounter na nasa Filipino. Puro sila Moving Up. Baka dahil walang madaling translation."
" The translation still kinda accurate. aren't you filipino??"
" yEs! r u fIlIpINo?????"
"The action is pretty good and Santiago delivers a visually interesting film, using the Filipino locations better th "
"Just in case China will invade the Philippines today what will be your stand? Be strong filipino youth."
" : Di ka susuportahan sa mga ginagawa mo pero pag may na achieve na maganda saka magiging proud bigla. Tanginang toxic Fil"
" : DND backs Filipino fishers: Continue fishing in Philippine waters "
"If u are Filipino and can speak Tagalog or Cebuano or any Filipino dialects you will notice this is online harrassment"
"FREE RIDES TO OUR FILIPINO VETERANS on April 5-11, 2019 "
"bea: 'yanna are u a filipino leader': 'no but jose rizal is'*everyone tries their best to not laugh in the lib*"
" Jolibee is the first thing I think about Filipino food hahaha I love the Cute Bee ! Thank you "
" Filipino caliphate when"
"  Police can only remand a suspect into custody so long. When their released your chism "
"I hope the greatness local Filipino products debut in the international trade industry. Thanks to DTI and CITEM for "
"THINGS TO DO position paper sa Filipino sa Quantitative defense sa Filipino "
"mas madali yung ap kesa filipino wow"
" : Reelectionist Senator Sonny Angara received a warm welcome from OFWs in Hong Kong where he brought his #AlagangAngara"
"Epigrammata (1766) by Bartolom Saguins, first instance of Latin epigrams written by a Filipino. Finally an excel "
"Tots about paui?  napakadaming stamps sa filipino mabait, mabilis umiyak, concernnn "
"on the bright side i'm not failing filipino yet and hopefully i never will!!!!!!!!"
"so nobody believed me when i said that the filipino word for middle finger is hinlalato y'all actually listen "
"so my classmate told me this earlier ...dalagang pilipina pero bagsak sa Filipino "
"kami nalang di nakakapagpasa ng thesis sa filipino huhuhu kakadown"
"To All Filipino-Chinese Community here in Pasay!  u so much ! Khen Magat for Councilor Pasay City Dist "
"Rt this if you are a filipino army. ANG HIRAP NA MAG ENGLISH. YOU FEEL ME? 's be friends mo ko, i fofollow back kita"
"toxic filipino culture:  all the bad features and ignoring the excellent achievements of others, like p "
" : My parents only care about Netflix cuz they found out there filipino movies"
"pang-ahit noun meaning shaving razor in Filipino #Filipino #shaving razor"
"Me dreaming about food I gonna try in this trip at the Philippines. I gonna be the happiest eater and definitel "
"don't steal from ., if you're filipino, listen to the dude's dying words://t.co/Hhzcbtu3Dr"
"let Bakugou say putangina mong gago ka ulol in filipino dub, send tweet"
"WHO THE HELL MADE FILIPINO DRAMAS FR "
"Sarap ng Summer-walang home delight sa science-Walang plates sa tle-walang problem solving sa math-walang kaban "
" : So people are coming at me for  filipinos. I failed to say  filipinos but I guess its common sense that"
"San kayo makaranas maggawa ng dalawang resesrch sa isang buwan na english at filipino..........!!!!!"
" : in honour of the filipino dub, mga kabayan  "
"Filipino mums are brilliant  "
" : Hey I'm Grimmels, a Filipino-Mexican artist, and I draw lots of robin fire emblem #ArtistsofSEA "
" : Everything you need is already in you."
"Retweeted CONCEPT (ConceptGrp): showed that 2.4 million families experienced moderate to extreme hunger in 20 "
"Shems 100 TULA PARA KAY STELLA(last week ko napanood) manmano nak la gamin agbubuya ti filipino movies, pls don't "
"Data showed that 2.4 million families experienced moderate to extreme hunger in 2018, 13.7 million Filipino childre "
"St. Pedro Calungsod, patron for catechists and the Filipino youth,  pray for us. #Catholic #Youth #laymissionary "
" : Filipino ATINYs leggo! #ATEEZ #ATINY #APiratesWish #HappyYunhoDay #HappySeonghwaDay "
" : Yesterday's event  Yunho &amp; Seonghwa birthday celeb with Filipino ATINYs  #APiratesWish LOTS OF LOVE   ht"
"So as a prank for April fools I told my parents na Top 4 ako sa Filipino (although 96 talaga ave. ko) : Top 4 ak "
"EJKs, Rape Jokes, Farmers being Killed, China onerous loans, Filipino Fishermen being harassed by Chinese Vessels "
"ok! theres too much filipino food for me to cover but here are some of my favorites! fellow pinoys, add to this thread if you want to!"
" Toxic Tagalog culture NOT Filipino bc we all don speak the Tagalog Dialect."
" Toxic Tagalog culture NOT Filipino bc we all don speak the Tagalog Dialect."
"  In USA Filipino, been called a retarded Westerner who beats his wife lmao. Also had my "
"SELLING TWTTER ACCOUNT Active Filipino Followers 6k+ Followers US NOW FOR MORE INFO!+ proofs  "
" Toxic Tagalog culture NOT Filipino bc we all don speak the Tagalog Dialect."
" : Aligned with the Asian Development Bank #Strategy2030, the 's Country Partnership Strategy for the #Philippine"
" : Ang ganda ng Eerie!!???!! Ngayon lang ako nagandahan sa filipino horror film.  15/10"
"brother jacob .... shush im not that filipino "
"5 DAYS TO GO! a local program catering Filipino audiences, the Ang Dating Daan hosted by Bro. Eli Soriano has "
"Toxic Filipino culture: sariling kadugo mo pa yung naninira sayo sa ibang tao"
" : Dalagang Pilipina pero bagsak sa Filipino ye"
" #AskMAXINEJIJI sino pong favourite author mo po sa wattpad? Sa Filipino authors onleh "
"sa mga curious, galit pa ko sa filipino :)"
"What Filipino athletes can learn from Olympic medalists Arthur Nory and Conor Dwyer "
"Filipino Actor Crush: Joshua Garcia"
"The cutie little gorgeous of filipino department "
" : In order to avail of the free ride, Filipino veterans must present their Philippine Veterans Affairs Office (PVAO) identifica"
" : If  means sincere commitment to the sanctity of human life &amp; our fundamental constitutional principles of democr"
"SISCON, ALEXANDRA N &amp; Social Sciences 2019 Honors Performance in Social S "
"DND backs Filipino fishers: Continue fishing in Philippine waters Lourdes Viray ("
" Trabajo fino filipino...precioso!! Enhorabuena, artistaza!!  ventaja de este puzzle es q si colocas al "
"hELLO!!! MUTUALS!! I NEED YOUR HELP! WILL YOU DO ME A FAVOR AND ANSWER THE SURVEY MY GROUP MADE?  MOOTS, "
" : filipino food thread! bc a lot of yall are actually asking for one and I would love to introduc you all to what my home has"
" : Anthony-Pablo Deconstruction of Federico Garcia Lorca  Wedding Translation by Anthony Dusaban  P"
"I am a proud filipino in a lot of aspects. But sometimes I despise being one specially on the way we think and we j "
"Dr. Jaine Z. Tarun of Philosophy in Filipino Major in Language Planning cum laude"
"Fourteen farmers were gunned down in Negros Oriental. Filipino fishermen are being harassed and driven off their fi "
" : Support sa Filipino Animators mga ka-Barangay! #BalikBarangay143"
"To All The Boys I Loved Before Filipino Edition  nyo na po 200 lang!!! Just dm me if you interested  "
"  Filipino mixers wanna hear Leigh-Anne's angelic and amazing voice.  mixers wanna h "
" feel that I would knocked him (Bibiano) out if not for the disqualification. Kevin Belingon said in Filipino "
"Congratulations, Kuya. *Able to read short story/sentences in English and Filipino*Batang Maaasahan Award*Kid Scout"
"bili kayo bagong lobo, kasi LOLOBOHIN pa yan- Danilo John (2019) Filipino"
" : No April Fool Joke: Chinese envoy sets limits on our own territorial waters. "
"  THE LOUDEST CROWD IS WAITING FOR YOU GIRLS. FILIPINO MIXERS ARE WAITING FOR YOU ALLLLLLL "
" : A CONFESSION: i'm writing a novel with elements on philippine folklore and mythology. i'm just starting tho so..."
"lami na kaayo kog grado pero ang Filipino og bacal ra gyud ang ga hugaw hugaw sa akong portal palihog lang pahawa mo sa portal"
"I luv LA skin talaga. also he the only filipino youtuber I stan"
"Eerie is the best filipino horror movie  it's not just about horror but it is also an awareness for depression victims #Eerie"
"When you're in a #Filipino home, you'll never go hungry. #sinigang #adobo #pinakbet #lecheflan  by my cousin "
" : orange boy eats orange egg???(first part of my #haikyuu x filipino food series! and my first #kagehina!!) "
" : ? IN FRONT OF MY BOKUTO SALAD? #bokuaka to my #haikyuu x filipino food series! i feel like akaashi is the ty"
" That is Hiragana...This Irish guy I know speaks it.  One day a Filipino pissed him off and he knew what "
"  Bless every Filipino mixer's ears again, my favourite ladies"
"  Filipino Mixers are saying hi. Please come here again in our countryyy"
"here in philippines, if you a kpop fan or you love listening to kpop people think about you, u betray your own c "
"The Filipino Society Inc 1997"
"so what kung may jakol video si sir jim? it does not change the fact na malaki ambag niya sa Filipino music scene. "
"  I have seen many times snatchers being beaten by the public after they have got caugh "
"Dalagang Pilipina Yeah pero bagsak sa Filipino yeah"
" kay, filipino 100"
"  I like Duterte, he's a good president and has done amazing things for filipino's but "
"Tinangka niyang isulat at tapusin ito sa wikang Filipino ngunit sinulat niya itong muli sa wikang Espa"
" Jobs are given to Chinese workers instead of qualified Filipino workers. This helps China economy mo "
"  Yes, he's quite delusional if he believes the president is murdering anyone. Filipino "
"filipino kids who werent raised in the philippines were deprived of a sense of humor like sorry ur cringey vids abt "
""
"filipino food thread! bc a lot of yall are actually asking for one and I would love to introduc you all to what my home has to offer!"
" :  Artist Of The Month: Filipino Hip Hop recording artist  actor, ! "
" filipino-japanese friendship symbol due to the strong academic partnership between the two countries (ja "
" I want to go to #CokeStudioSummerConcert because i have never been to a concert. It will be a way to ex "
"Ang ganda ng Eerie!!???!! Ngayon lang ako nagandahan sa filipino horror film.  15/10"
"Welcome to the Philippines. Where Filipinos criticize their fellow Filipino.  putangina kayo at least siya may "
"my filipino tutor asked me  pag ibon ka,  anong klaseng ibon ka?   i answered Dante Gulapa"
"This disgust me as a Filipino really. "
"The Administration Building of  Diliman, aka Quezon Hall, was designed by Juan Nakpil, who was hailed as a "
"Good luck and God bless to all the Filipino Citizens, vote wisely, and pls no to vote buying! I hope everyone of us "
"You're Filipino? You don't look like Filipino because of your eyes. Tas malalaman lang nilang Filipino ak "
" : Meet Renerio Arizala, a Filipino boy who wants to fight his way out of poverty, just like his hero Manny Pacquiao. "
"DZAI DAW MAHIBI KO SA LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY KAG READING COMPREHENSION RESULTS KA UPCAT KO HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHA. AMU NA "
" : Bumblebee Hailee Steinfeld and Glee Darren Criss,both having Filipino blood, among the stars who walked the red carpet"
"dalagang pilipina pero bagsak sa filipino"
" Japanese eyes are not children who are born squinting.  I didn't know she cleared me from Filipino."
"Aligned with the Asian Development Bank #Strategy2030, the 's Country Partnership Strategy for the "
"The faces that represent Filipino/a beauty, don't look like us. What do you think of that?"
"    There's a difference between then and now. The debt burden the pa "
"Anything with Filipino moms has my heart warm. I am alive  "
"ang cute ng halong filipino tapos ilocano "
"Looking for clarity. Saw something posted by a coffee professional who is Thai, that shares a meme saying never tru "
"    daw pong restaurant sa Southern Metro Manila na Bawal Filipino."
" : Bakit po ang baba ng grade sa PR1? Hindi naman po namin kasalanan na hindi tayo nakakapagmeet to have our class discussion."
" : My mom always said to use a  when you go to the bathroom. (Tabo- pronounced  boh a filipino hygiene tool aka small bu"
"Joining the bandwagon. How similar are we?  - Yoongi stan - Gemini - Filipino  - Multi "
"Ako lang ba ang kayang kumain ng spagetti filipino style araw araw.. all day...brekky, lunch and dinner ng hindi na "
" : Let us support higher sin taxes to prevent the youth from initiating these vices and protect the health of every Filipino.#Ra"
"Throwback: Just one more question, Paredes: Is this how you plan to marshall the immense power of your celebri "
" :  sesoo sns au   filipino  in which sehun, the friendly, doesn't want to be just friends with kyungsoo, the grumpy."
" : Congratulations, Queen ! For winning the Natatanging Filipina Sa Larangan ng Pag-arte Sa Telebisyon na igina"
"I am actually learning filipino well, kala ko wala nakong pag asa dun jusmeyo"
" : Hard to swallow pills:  Filipino ka and you're proud that you're known for your hospitality, but you are not ask accomm"
" They are those who have failed in college and insecure in the success of the one who has less than "
"Dear Followers and Visitors, Good Morning to You All  Real Kabayan is #Star_Markets #Jeddah #Yanbu#Filipino "
" Filipino..  Filipino "
" : He was murdered along with Spanish Catholic missionary Diego Luis de San Vitores, who he accompanied in his ministry in th"
" : #April2 | On this day in 1672, Pedro Calungsod, a Filipino Catholic missionary catechist and sacristan, was murdered by Ch"
" : your filipino prince charming #embracetheLGBTQ "
" : Bong Go reminds youth of every Filipino duty to serve the country#GoForWomen "
"Nakakabwisit naman talaga ang Filipino time  tangina niyo.  ako nallate hindi dahil sinasadya ko. Pagsabihan "
"Ang sarap sa pakiramdam makita mo yong idol mo sumayaw. Pero mas masarap sa pakiramdam kong maka sayaw ko siya sa "
"Let us empower ourselves, kasi kapag babae ang inangat, buong pamilya aangat eh, so that why sa aking kapwa kaka "
"Repeat pregnancy among Filipino #adolescents increased the risk of pregnancy and labor complications irrespective o "
"#SentroBalita | L-2, may libreng sakay sa Filipino veterans sa April 5-11://t.co/qBRLtbzj0J"
"Hndi mo kina cool if you don like filipino films and claim that you prefer foreign films instead. Like no boi, no. "
" Sibol ( growth )  ooooor sawi hahaha. Cool lang kasi filipino. Skl"
"Literally, nobody: even pornstars: Tricycle Drivers: "
"Kaway sa Filipino portfolio na kailangan may design pa at bongga tas itatapon lang sa storage room goodbye. "
" I hc John as Chinese and Jade as Filipino for the longest time I had to for real hold myself back from making everyone Chinese"
"LOOK: John Lennon son Julian pokes fun at Filipino lemonade stand "
"Half Filipino, Half ikaw, kasi hindi ako ma bubuo kapag wla ka boOooOooMm! Ikaw?"
"How similar r we?-Straykids-Ikon-Bigbang-Coffee lover-Multi-Rapline -Loves Books/reading-H "
"Inigo Pascual (A Filipino Actor) together with WENGIE (A YouTuber with 13M+ subscribers) has been working with a BT "
" : My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 |"
"Thought i improved my filipino skills after watching all those movies without subtitles after reading this twe "
"For reference its Filipino not Tagalog try searching songs on the language of songs:.Kathang Isip.Susi"
" Heey nice to meet you too  to see a filipino army"
"The National Council for Children's Television (NCCT) and the Far Eastern University (FEU) have partnered on a stud "
"Floyd: I came from Maldives and I wanted to get a facial. My assistant who Filipino said we have to go to Manila "
" :  Am A Filipino cookbook nominated for James Beard Award "
""
"Five important immigration changes in Australia in 2019 "
"Uyy shit Filipino "
" they really have the guts to do shit just because they're both filipino living together"
"Congratulations mahalko Buddy Award Award in Language in Science in Filipino  "
"FILIPINO DEFENSE TOMORROW"
"Just saw a guy, who looked Filipino, with swastika tatt on his nape. Shit ain't right."
"toxic filipino character traits "
"why don filipino girls ever get some luv "
" :  LOOK: M3 also to offer free rides to Filipino veterans on Philippine Veterans Week. | via   "
"'Di ka pinag aaral ng Noli Me Tangere o El Fili para lang sa grades, you're part of the population this country nee "
"JOBS IN UAE***************** cleaner - al qemma al ola - Dubai://t.co/wdhPluAdYe ***************** "
" I WANT TO GO TO #CokeStudioSummerConcert BECAUSE I WANT TO SUPPO MY FAVORITE AISTS AND BANDS HERE I "
" : #MyPhBoy ctto  vid up on YT Jimboy Martin x Hashtag Kid Yambao://t.co/dI4gRzyGPR#pinoy #filipino #asian #"
" Reminds me of my days as a small Filipino village child. running around in my block flip flops, chasing "
"FILIPINO TAEHYUNG STANS ARE WE OKAY???? "
" Well, I am Filipino."
"I am delighted to finally read a book on homeschooling written for Filipino families! I Homeschool has compiled all "
"  here's hoping that the governments of the countries of these tourists making babies w "
" It's the Filipino in me I think. That rainforest weather"
"them:half german, half filipino:half chinese, half garter"
"found a filipino restaurant near me,,,guess what we doin  filling up on lumpias"
"There is this song called  nlng dalawa by A filipino artist named Mayonnaise, I can never listen to it with a "
"Joshua Dela Cruz, a Filipino Broadway actor is hosting the all-new Blue's Clues! #speedmagph "
"DND backs Filipino fishers: Continue fishing in Philippine waters "
"I see filipino earpers liking this  hehe"
"  here's hoping that the governments of the countries of these tourists making babi "
"so there was this webcomic that my co-mayut (company lang?) suggested to me and it was spectacular as it showcases "
"Mga miembro ni Quiboly nanghihingi ng Pera sa Brazil. Nakakahiya. Sinisira nila reputation ng mga Filipino. Tinigil "
"Something about *some* Chinese-Filipino families nga dili gyud mu-approve nga mag pursue ilang mga anak sa ilang pa "
"Straight ahead.....#philippines #pinoy #pilipinas #filipino #travelph #itsmorefuninthephilippines "
"also, I love being on vacation and not working about school (that much) and shit, but also hate all the weight I "
"The Secretary of Education is positive that our graduates and completers will continuously enrich what makes up the "
"Filipino attention span is so short. Eyes straight on the real issues, please!"
"Pucha baket filipino edition yung dumating na To All The Boys I Loved Before na book "
"My Tito is 59, and has always championed the rights of the Filipino esp the poor. He enacted SSS pension and is now "
"Araw pala ni Francisco  Baltazar. ngayon. ^_^ Salamat sa kaniyang obra maestra na  at Laura at "
"Filipino merries are their favorite i know it "
"grabe ka filipino time aning brok noh grabe 2pm dawww mag alas kwatro na mga bez"
" LOOK: M3 also to offer free rides to Filipino veterans on Philippine Veterans Week. | via   "
" : I'm a filipino, education doesn't measure my happiness."
"Some photo fun today. Colorful#philippines #polishedconcrete #concretepolishing #concrete #decrotiveconcrete "
" same Filipino nurses are icons"
"Ang galing galing niyo na sa Filipino kasi ginagamit niyo araw-araw eh. Di na ninyo kailangan pag-aralan eh. Eh di "
"I'm a filipino, education doesn't measure my happiness."
"Being open to new technologies will help BPOs in the Philippines keep up with changing demand, said Alorica Asia Pr "
"Gladys Mae Bautista Francisco-best in Mathematics-best in English-Reader Star Awards-Golden Heart Awards-Best "
"In order to avail of the free ride, Filipino veterans must present their Philippine Veterans Affairs Office (PVAO) "
"GOOD NEWS: The DOTr M-3 will give free rides to our Filipino veterans on April 5-11, 2019, from 5:30AM to 10:30PM "
" LOOK: M3 also to offer free rides to Filipino veterans on the Philippine Veterans Week "
"Looking for a Female Filipino HAAD Nurses in Abu dhabi-Immediate Hiring-Home care: 7500  8000 "
"  Hi about 1 month ago I started writing again. This book is called I'm half dead, the prota "
"  you all will deal with drug dealers relentlessly, why not make these tourists pay support for "
"Toxic talaga ng filipino culture "
" Are you Filipino?"
" : Tete will join famed boxing gymnasium Mayweather Boxing Club in Las Vegas, after hiring legendary trainer Floyd Mayweather"
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant: |              ||              ||               |                 | "
" Meanwhile my mom who Filipino af is trying to make me cut rice cause Im gaining so much weight "
" I want to go to the #CokeStudioSummerConcert coz I haven had the chance to watch a music concert live "
"Wag na plzz nag struggle na nga ako sa english-- Filipino pa kaya!! "
"Toxic Filipino Culture:  inuuna ang pagpapairal sa pagka judgemental"
"Dalagang Pilipina pero bagsak sa Filipino yeah!"
"Our filipino subject is taglish coz not everyone can understand tagalog but they have their tutors so that they can "
"  baka nakita niyo siya. "
"I will miss the we speak english policy hahahaha Tae halos dito nauubos pera ko dahil sa kababayad sa president n "
" : unpopular opinion: even as a filipino, that is NOT a hard to swallow pill. :-(( "
"sira ulo mga members sa coc filipino ka kasi at bobo pa"
"Are you giving your child well-balanced meals or are you falling into #MalnutritionTraps? Up on the blog are detail "
" :  (Patola Filipino Style)(Misua) #AsianMeal"
"Kabilang sa mga bansang hiring ngayon ng Filipino cleaners ay ang Saudi Arabia, Qatar, United Arab Emirates, Kuwait "
" Filipino proud of not one of theirs?!...huh?"
"i remember 2 years ago you said on your valedictorian speech how can i forget learning the Pangngalan, Pandiwa and "
"Ating ipalaganap ang wikang Filipino!!!"
"Watching TPM'S set makes me proud that I'm filipino. Honestly you guys did so well  #vibe2019 "
" offer Quality Homes for Filipino Families Amenities#Filipinohomes "
"Me: nothing: i fucking hate Filipino men cuz all they do is eat pancit and rock Supreme "
"Being Filipino the backlash was bound the happen. We're a country that hates people being goody goods AND doing bet "
" : Chinese vessels in Pag-asa Island not armed, says China envoy "
" what else happened is the world payed tribute to the ska band No Doubt for resting in peace I guess nor "
"The Secretary of (In) Justice and his staff will soon answer for their crimes against the Filipino people.  "
"yung feeling na makita mo yung grades mo sa Filipino whoo! thank you ibong adarna HAHAHA"
"Funny Filipino Kids Doing a Dance Craze | Kids Litte Adventures Vlog 01 "
" : Filipino moms are the MOST dramatic lmfao "
" : Proud to be one of the very first FILIPINO NURSING ASSOCIATE in England who graduated with a DISTINCTION. History in the"
" thank u po and God bless  so proud tlga baby girl  #MaymayEntrata"
" yeah, it's definitely disturbing especially when it's all being done to contribute to U.S. militarization "
"Filipino Quiz Challenge 3 - Test Your Brain "
" :  Responsible in English in Araling Panlipunan Speller (Filipino) in Attendance E"
"SINO maniniwala sa China, talo na sa corte, nagtayo PA ng base nila sa west Philippine SEA! di naman tayo uto uto. "
"Pope names 2 new Filipino bishops "
" : I haven watched TPM set yet, so I called my mom into my room to watch it since they Filipino. closer came on &amp; I"
"Remember when someone said I Filipino"
"I haven watched TPM set yet, so I called my mom into my room to watch it since they Filipino. closer "
"A group of displaced #tribal #children from the southern #Philippines have overcome adversity by completing their s "
" City: Filipino video game aims to connect players with local mythology "
"Whats happening to my filipino moots why are they all angryshshshshhs"
"Well if filipino guys look like this i would love to meet them. "
"Craving filipino foooood"
"my parents when I say I don't like a certain Filipino food "
" : On the same afternoon Floyd Mayweather Jr is set to appear before Filipino media, internet buzz has it that Manny Pacqu"
"DND backs Filipino fishers: Continue fishing in Philippine waters | "
"wbk noel miller half-filipino."
"HEROES ALL marker for the infamous Death March  which saw thousands of Filipino and American soldiers sacrifi "
" the role Filipino workers are playing in this is upsetting me too, especially since this and other op-eds "
"HI SA MGA FILIPINO JAAAANNN, YOU GUYS HAVE TICKETS FOR ENDGAME NA??? THE SM TICKETS WEBSITE KEEPS CRASHING AND I "
"Urgent Requirement for an Executive Secretary:. 5 yrs experience in related field. Any national, f "
"HEROES ALL marker for the infamous Death March  which saw thousands of Filipino and American soldiers sacrifi "
"I had this really weird dream where I had a half filipino-japanese bf and always reminds me to do my skin care rout "
"Toxic Filipino traits "
" Just to add, both Me and Lli are Filipino, it'll be hard for us, but I have a dream/goal to succeed."
"On the same afternoon Floyd Mayweather Jr is set to appear before Filipino media, internet buzz has it that Manny P "
"  No opinions of your own on my questions about Sayyaf's other links to #alQaeda?#Sayyaf d "
"21. have you ever been to the hospital? visiting yes, but not being admitted . have you ever got in trouble wit "
" 'MAHAL KITA' in filipino. !"
"I adore men who are 25% Taiwanese and 75% Filipino"
" : ALE: ROTC CADET KILLED BY CORPS COMMANDER IN ILOILO STATE COLLEGE OF FISHERIES League of Filipino Students UP Visayas st"
"Kahit may hangover pa kanina -With Honors-Gawad AAC Service Awardee-Outstanding Performance in:    -Science "
" : Tagalog/Filipino conversation using 1 syllable 'Ba'  "
" Hey gram, its #April ! We are back to our usual schedule for this week.. is on the forecast but dont let th "
"Why some filipino's don't know how to follow Elevator Etiquette? Are they dumb or what?"
"Taylor being viral in the Philippines for Water Shortage edit and 'Dalagang Pilipina' edit, putting her at a local "
"2 DECADES and 3 YEARS! from my birthday today, we also celebrate the feast of St. Pedro Calungsod, 2nd Filip "
"On the same afternoon Floyd Mayweather Jr is set to appear before Filipino media, internet buzz has it that Manny P "
"Filipino moms are the MOST dramatic lmfao "
" nindot looy? corny jud baya bsta filipino horror movs "
" : Unta na mahimong required subject sa colleges ug universities ang Filipino Philosophy."
"Bro my best friend of 14 years is Filipino and hasn even taken me to jolibee? Lmao wtf"
" Pekeng ngiti (Filipino/Tagalog)"
"  Can a Filipino President be impeached for treason?"
"  Have had this very discussion with my mum on more than on occasion. When I was in hosp for a "
" i wasn't talking about you i was talking about  , she's always pretending to be Filipi "
" Filipino owned"
" : It is the right and it is the obligation of every filipino to speak against any government they feel is not taking care of"
"Have you ever been in a talent show?  Yup. Never won though. Only tenors and Filipino-Americans have a shot at the "
"this is my new twitter acc !! pls  if you stan: (to gain mutuals)- bts- blackpink- red velvet- twice- exo- "
"What Filipino telenovela is this? "
"literally my family when I don eat a Filipino dish at a party "
" :  The Filipino idea of government is all too often intimidation, and outright fear. the entitled who ar"
" : As if China will go to war. She doesn have Force for it.  China will do is same as it is already doing now: send it"
"I just wanted to add onto this thread the fact that they weren the ONLY Filipino farm workers in the movement. Th "
"tinulog ko nalang filipino "
" truelalu! filipino kids are used to banana ketchup talaga"
"FILIPINO BLINKS WALANG TULOG2  "
"Filipino company SPi leads the race for e-publishing firm Scientific Publishing Services "
"  hoooy oo hahahaha shy Filipino char  waray ka? "
"Filipino company SPi leads the race for e-publishing firm Scientific Publishing Services "
"what filipino drama is this? "
" : Today is the Feast of St. Pedro Calungsod, 2nd FIlipino saint. &gt;"
"*sighs in filipino*"
" actually most of my irls are filipino and they curse a lot bshshshs"
"21. English, filipino lng hahaha"
"Funny and Embarrassing Moments of Filipino Divers in SEA Games 2015. Anyare??? . . . "
"Filipino company SPi leads the race for e-publishing firm Scientific Publishing Services "
" :  chanbaek sns au   filipino  wherein baekhyun pretended to have a boyfriend and shared a pic of a random guy in hi"
"#CitizenServices is the Filipino access to diverse information on civil registration, passport application, and o "
" Tagal na nyan tngna haha"
"PLEASE SHARE: Every year, Bayanihan Clinic holds a Harana celebration for the Filipino war veterans and their famil "
"i have to stop assuming all my mutuals are filipino omg HAHAAHHAHA im sorry ;;;;"
"Tanginang filipino time yan."
"Kiora watching her filipino drama and she really sitting here crying "
"Tete will join famed boxing gymnasium Mayweather Boxing Club in Las Vegas, after hiring legendary trainer Floyd May "
"Filipino WordPress Website Design&amp; DEV!!  Description: Are you a FILIPINO developer &amp; designer with past WordPress "
"this tho. peeps think im malay cause i don't have the chinese look. thought i was filipino from the w "
" ay!gichange na hahahah pero ang previous ato kay,Jaime Ramon Jakolero Paredes is a Filipino musician..."
"good thing im a filipino "
" Mi Dios filipino"
" AHHHHH ONE OF MY FAVE FILIPINO FILMS! John Arcilla  "
"filipino aunties are ruthless. They will BOMBARD you with this at every gathering and carry on cackling like you ai "
"ang cringe nung nadl ko na filipino movie sa netflix djjdcjjj "
"Jollibee is one of the greatest Filipino contributions to society "
"Excited to announce that  will be back in the international competition scene!! Also, for the first "
" AHAHA THEY PROB SENSED A FILIPINO SLIPPER COMING THEIR WAY"
" :          "
"         "
"Tama pala sinabi ni Marcelino dati. hahahaha "
"So, i was oncall last night and i had this filipino gay nurse flirting with me all night in the emergency department "
"this is cuuuute! the fact that Yoongi is a kapre here, damn.(in Filipino myths, a Kapre is a creature that i "
" waaaah omg akala ko ako lang!! huhu i love her and isa siya sa mga hinahangaan kong Filipino filmmakers today "
"Today is the Feast of St. Pedro Calungsod, 2nd FIlipino saint. &gt;"
"Floyd Mayweather Jr. arrib este martes a Filipinas en un viaje sorpresa, mismo que abrir la posibilidad de reuni "
" :  maybe because they represent a lot of filipinos na simple lang ang buhay? they're like representing each"
"Inaanyayahan po ang mga guro sa Filipino at Literature na lumahok sa pang rehiyunal na seminar na ito... "
"Floyd Mayweather Jr. arrib este martes a Filipinas en un viaje sorpresa, mismo que abrir la posibilidad de reuni "
" : fucking filipino boys smh "
"Also hi catch me nodding at my three heritages that is Indonesian, Chinese, and Filipino all at once with this self-insert."
"this is just one of so many reasons why i hate being a filipino  "
"hahahhhhahahahahhahaahaahhahah rice is a filipino culture "
" Invite me over for some Sinigang and Filipino Spaghetti "
"Bata, Boto, Balota: The 2019 Filipino Children's Agenda - Batibot Early Learning Ctr performs Igpaw Mindanao "
"Here's to my love, the cutest even if you dont know much Filipino.l "
" : , a Filipino-Horror movie that was recently released this week. For me, I would rate it 8/10, it not your typical"
"this is going to flop lmao similar are we? - filipino-  4'11- hates schoolwork- 14 "
" : Hello Iloilo!   live Casino Filipino Iloilo on April 10, 2019 Wednesday. you  "
" Haha di akin PINKISH PA AKIN HAHAHA"
" LOOK: 231st birthday of Francisco Baltazar or also known as Francisco Balagtas was commemmorated in Pandacan "
"UP Manila students from groups Anakbayan, League of Filipino Students, Karatula, NNARA Youth and Minggan lit candle "
"no offense but sk citizens are almost similar to filipino citizens. iz it jus me? or whutt??"
" Yaaasss plus nakakanosebleed ang Filipino niya hahaha"
" : LOOK: 231st birthday of Francisco Baltazar or also known as Francisco Balagtas was commemmorated in Pandacan, Manila. It was l"
" : Muling inaanunsyo ng League of Filipino Students - University of the Philippines Los Banos (LFS - UPLB) ang muling pagbubuka"
" I want to go to the #CokeStudioSummerConcert because I want to witness the greatness of our Filipino ar "
" huhuhu filipino mythical creatures, pedro penduko au huhu the Dream"
"nakakainggit yung iba na magaling sa lahat ng subject samantalang ako eto filipino nalang kabado pa."
"Receptionist required for an upcoming Hptel in Deira Receptionist required for an upcoming Hotel in Deira preferabl "
"Waitress required for an upcoming hotel in Deira on urgent basis Waitress required for an upcoming star hotel in De "
"exam namin bukas sa Filipino, Noli Me Tangere ang lesson. what are the chances na tinola ang lunch namin. hi, padre damaso."
"Walang makakapigil sa akin manood ng EERIE mag isa. Wahahahahaha i trust that anget ang filipino horror films. I hope it is still true."
"How Filipino BPOs can stay competitive as tax reform looms "
" : These Filipino indie game developers are developing an RPG game based on the mythology and mythological creatures of th"
"filipino timeeee "
"Magbigay Ka panga nang isang Toxic filipino family culture  pag may binigay sila sayo for free, isusumbat nila yon "
"sorry pero sa filipino at ap lang yung kaya ko.xad"
"Papasok dahil lang po sa major namin.  "
"Araling Panlipunan ko lang kayo kayang sabayan sorry! the rest diko kaya."
"Have you ever been in a talent show?  ACTUALLY DI PA KAMI NATATAWAG NI MAINNI SA FILIPINO HAHAHA but counted ba "
"bat sa filipino ko lang kayang makipagsabayan.kainis"
" : My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 |"
"why do filipino teleseryes keep on showing women dragging each other down instead of lifting them up ??? we're sick "
"filipino stana fans: rarely speaks Tagalog with each other on twitter: maraming salamat. mahal ko kayo! "
" childhood experience. I so glad I had the best childhood before the technology took over. Ang sarap balikan "
"iniisip ko kung saan ako nag kamali sa reading comp AHAAHAHAHA filipino for sure"
"what kdrama?  a loooot sis kse sometimes yung may kidols na nasa kdrama tpos sometimes yung ost nmn kdrama, actual "
"  u look like a chino.. are u sure ur Filipino? are ur parents legal citizens?"
" is a straightforward intimidation tactic  to interrupt Filipino maritime traffic in very proximity to Thitu, "
"Senator Franklin Drilon addressed the Filipino business community in a joint forum about the recently signed Revise "
"hulaan niyo kung sino magkaka-line of 7 sa Filipino this quarterrrr~ :))))"
"ahhh filipino myths~ descriptions are pretty funny too, good luck on drawing! this is really interesting and e "
"this is how filipino lifts "
"these filipino movies on netflix have me in T E A R S."
"Explore San Francisco's Filipino food scene during Kulinary Confidential "
" : #CalidaResign!!!! You do not represent the welfare and best interests of the Sovereign Filipino People as SolGen! Worst."
"Hard to swallow pills:  Filipino ka and you're proud that you're known for your hospitality, but you are not ask ac "
" : We hope this starts more in-depth research and discussion on our food culture "
"Filipino WordPress Developer Designer DIVI Theme  Are you a FILIPINO developer &amp; designer with past WordPress exper "
"I watch sad sappy Filipino movies so I can have an excuse to bawl my eyes out"
" : Filipino-American guard Kihei Clark shines for Virginia ://t.co/0mSP1CKkmU | #SportsCenterPH "
"82 ako sa filipino lol ,"
"gago nakakakaba naman yon kala ko di na save thesis sa filipino tangina hahahahaha"
" Am A Filipino cookbook nominated for James Beard Award "
"Filipino mom's when they're pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 | "
"dati tle panira sa card ko, ngayon naman filipino  "
" I think what Joey is actually saying is that he is just saying he knows filipino people really like Japan."
"In honor of Francisco V. Coching,  of Filipino Illustrators and National Artist for Visual Arts, there will b "
"#video #giant #tuna #tail"
"Filipino company SPi leads the race for e-publishing firm Scientific Publishing Services #india #indiabiz"
" : If you don know the struggle of doing this, you ain a true Filipino "
"I showed my parents the hot dog video and they died. It really is the epitome of Filipino comedy."
"Kelsey Meritt is back in Manila and her first order of business? Devouring Filipino street food! "
" : i think i'm half filipino and half bitch"
"So I saw this elderly filipino couple at andersons. She squeezed hand sanitizer in his hand &amp; then they did a praye "
" : toxic filipino culture  naniniwala pa sa chismis kesa sa katotohanan."
"JOBS IN KUWAIT***************** Chef (Filipino National) - Catering Company Wanted://t.co/QmmksWuUzy "
"Kyle Patrick wowed Filipino audience at secret show in Quezon City "
" And he's Filipino right? Grabe mga songs niya talaga."
"thank you lord for this awards! you bts for inspiring me improved creative dependable "
"  You should get into it. Darna is one of those Quintessential Filipino comic book series "
"Classes tonight from 7pm. Kickboxing then Rapid Assault Tactics. . watching EastEnders or listening "
" That a fucking Filipino mom right there! *doesnt want to make lumpia for the 100th time* SO YOU "
"i mean,,,,, every damn filipino parents r like this hahaha its sad tangina "
" "
" OKAY MS. FILIPINO"
"I am proud to be a filipino but sometimes it makes me wonder if I should continue being proud and loud of my nationality."
"Filipino company SPi leads the race for e-publishing firm Scientific Publishing Services "
"Uhm filipino parents let not use the gay card as the reason why their attitude is this way? It 2019 not the barbaric 1960s"
"  FILIPINO ARMYSSS~~!!"
"Our April Philippines Economic Update with a special focus on human capital (in the last section) "
"  She or they can make those LiberalDemocrat foolishness but not the true Filipino who respect "
"Mom  many filipino monsters passed the upcat (entrance exam in our country's top university) and thank you "
" : When someone pulls up to the register speaking that hardcore ass Spanish and my Filipino ass is lost af "
"TOP 10 THE VOICE INTERNATIONAL FILIPINO BLIND AUDITION!!! "
"Filipino roots go deep."
"(might delete later)(obvious satire) this how you get edgy filipino kids to get into the stuff you introduce th "
"May filipino version HAHAHAHA "
"Reelectionist Senator Sonny Angara received a warm welcome from OFWs in Hong Kong where he brought his "
"is there a filipino version alrdy i want to translate but i'm not good in my native language oof"
"Plus a longer season that hopefully will not interfere with the interational games. Kumbaga sa 1st/2nd quarter ng t "
" : Eerie is the best filipino horror movie I've ever watched tbh"
"Tanginang filipino yan jusko"
"El pasado domingo, el jornalero tagalo, Lito Dante, combati por tercera vez en suelo japon. En esta oportunidad, "
"not to  filipino men but all filipino men are trash"
"21) i can only speak english fluently and it SUCKS. i might know enough french to get by but probably not enough to "
"And moving forward, the public can count on its steadfast effort in ensuring stability, enriching reforms, and shar "
"This booklet highlights NEDA's 45 years of unwavering service to the Filipino people. Through the years, as the cou "
"Filipino lang kailangan kong aralinnnnnnnn lintekkkkkk naaaaaa talasalitaannnnnnnnnnn"
" : The worst part so far of having Netflix show all these Filipino romcoms lately is seeing Carmina Villaroel playing nanay t"
" : We were discussing after watching #Eerie and what we liked about the film is that it is a Filipino horror movie that's far"
"This is our golden opportunity as a Filipino people to prove to the whole world na kaya nating umangat, kaya natin "
" : News Flash: Multiple sources has confirmed that a bill is being pushed to translate the CPA Board Exam in Filipino."
" : Today, we are celebrating the memorial of St. Pedro Calungsod, 2nd Filipino Saint and Martyr, and Patron of the Youth. #S"
"My little Asian boy watching toy story with me. #movienight #toystory #asianboy #filipino #mexican #mexipino "
"Maingay ang pangalan ni Jim Paredes dahil sa kanyang video scandal! may iba na ring Filipino male celebrities "
" : My Filipino ass just said adobo photoshop"
"DFA calls out to kin of repatriated Filipino suffering from amnesia "
"Tah sa lunes pa daw pipirmahan clearance namin sa filipino "
" : uso eh kaya makikisali din ako, how similar are we? % - filipino % - gemini % - multifandom % - haven't seen bts l"
"This is logo Autism Awerness Day Today. April 2nd 2019 to disabilities.... We love Filipino Autism and Sign Lang "
"meron bang cleanliness na criteria sa questionnaire ng Filipino kasi ang linis ng papel ko "
" Melinda: Hi, Lana. So nice to meet you.  *offers hand to shake* I'm familiar with the goddess Morr "
"  Well, it his choice to make a video of himself. Unlike Duterte, his action or decision "
"   It a thing. The expat elite. I live in England and I always consider myself "
"  They should really just stick to filipino or english songs. They butchered the pronounciation so much skdksksks"
"In the #Philippines, the cost of living is much lower than the developed world. This doesn necessarily mean the s "
"Two weeks ago, the #FDA advisory committee voted in favor of licensing the #Dengvaxia #vaccine for patients betwe "
"#CalidaResign!!!! You do not represent the welfare and best interests of the Sovereign Filipino People as SolGen! W "
" : Honestly, Donny Pangilinan looks like the filipino version of jiang chen / hu yi tian from  love so beautiful someti"
" : #Eerie! Definitely an outstanding Filipino film. Storyline  Cinematography  Sound effects  up for Pinoy movie. I"
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 | "
"Lola June, a 2-year old Filipino-American in New York City has been making waves in the art scene, creating paintin "
" : #SMNINEWSBLAST: Filipino veterans, may isang linggong libreng sakay sa L-2. | via #DZAR1026#SMNINews https:/"
"  She's only sixteen and lola amour ! theyre filipino but have real good songs"
"#BNGNews for OFWs!  Department of Foreign Affairs is searching for the relatives of Richard Soriano, an overs "
"In 2013, the #Philippines extended pre-university #education from 10 to 12 years. The new curriculum lets students "
" Toxic filipino trait loool so disgusting and disappointing"
"rip filipino book  "
"  i don think ive ever seen a more filipino thing ever"
"goD we love a movie w minimal romantic arcs and heavier emphasis on family  every other filipino movie ever"
"Sexy lesbian babe licks &amp; rubs her girlfriend tight wet pussy #Asian, asian, filipino, fi "
" : Filipino hip-hop artist Aero will be also joining today's Roadshow with DJ Alice at the Eton Centris at 4 p.m. PHT! "
" : Filipino culture is over feeding children then making fun of their weight."
" : Filipino actress attends the #FerragamoAW19 show "
" True Miss France. Mga probinsyana ang madalas na nagiging Big Winner dahil very raw/genuine pinapak "
"So Viet Nam can really see...there is no difference between vietnamese and filipino when invasion of privacy happen "
"Are you a filipino?  i french and black... so i don know where you found the filipino in me buddy "
"I can with these Filipino beliefs...  I just got in trouble for killing a moth and my mom said not to do it again "
" : TOXIC FILIPINO MENTALITY  lalake ka tas puro babae kasama mo bakla ka babae ka tas puro lalake kasama mo pokpok"
"   Kung si mr. Paredes tumatakbo in any positions kasiraan nya yan now kun "
"Remember when Troye Sivan said he can't wait to come and play a show here in the Philippines? Well, he's coming t "
"WEARING THE THREADS OF FILIPINO HERITAGE. I am proudly wearing this Cordilleran-inspired polo shirt, a design made "
"Hahahahahha Filipino time "
"  my Filipino queens "
" Wonderful news! Thank you Jason Mraz for the opportunity you gave to my filipino brother. Congratulation "
" kaibigan is a toxic Filipino culture. You don ask discounts from well-known establishments, do you? Pa "
" Filipino man*"
"Filipino company SPi leads the race for e-publishing firm Scientific Publishing Services "
" : KAMPUNG BAYAN Supper Club countdown  on Thurs 11th April. If you haven't got plans why not join us and try som"
"Hmmmmm. Dalagang Filipino yeah! "
"#SMNINEWSBLAST: Kapakanan ng sambayanang Filipino, pinatitiyak ng pangulo sa mga ahensya ng pamahalaan.#DZAR1026 "
"Asa man jud sa Korean or sa Filipino? "
" : A look at the inspiring work of talented Filipino artists with autism or special needs "
"may lahi ka na chinese ate? singkit singkit abi imo eyes  Opo half filipino half chinese "
"Filipino company SPi leads the race for e-publishing firm Scientific Publishing Services "
"bigla akong nalungkot kanina habang filipino time, hmmmm."
" : How Filipino BPOs can stay competitive as tax reform looms "
" : Ang ganda ng album. 10 songs walang tapon!.0 is the 17th studio album by Filipino singer Regine Velasquez. from ot"
" : 1 toxic filipino culture, is that they'll be hella pressed about somebody's english grammar not constructed properly, yet"
". is a straightforward intimidation tactic  to interrupt Filipino maritime traffic in very proximity to Thi "
"#SMNINEWSBLAST: Filipino veterans, may isang linggong libreng sakay sa L-2. | via #DZAR1026 "
"  Hahah sounds like it right?! I think so cause my mom would always talk about how  "
" She's the first female Filipino superhero, but not the first. I am excited for her debut, but I am not Filipino."
"Filipino company SPi leads the race for e-publishing firm Scientific Publishing Services | #Infotech "
"  Yeah it the Filipino movie on Netflix"
"and here i am settling with the filipino time again ..."
"ATM-LNHS G10 Recognition Rites by the Filipino and Mathematics Department Speaker:Engr. Amel Obiena"
"A look at the inspiring work of talented Filipino artists with autism or special needs "
" if you ever interested in reading more books from Six de los Reyes or other #romanceclass books (a "
"ka filipino tym nila oi"
"HOYYYYY DI AKO BAGSAK KAY MAM FILIPINO AAAAAAAAAAAAAA KALA KO BABAGSAK AKO SAKANYA"
"been ages since i last ate filipino snacks "
"    Im filipino, bobo mo putangina wala kang kwenta sa mundong ito uGh"
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant to me. |             ||             ||              |                 "
" Where is the proof? Hahaha nothing. Like you, nothing hahaha you are one ungrateful and cancerous Filipino. "
"sabi ni maria sereno every Filipino should be proud of maria ressa. hala, ka mam uy, nabuang na jud ang yawa."
"I never forget being an 8yr old immigrant &amp; hearing my mom drill her lecture,  in America now, but you "
"This story shows the real hardworking Filipino life. Living simply in the province is still not easy. This video br "
"     I would seriously like to know that because for one, I have NEVER "
"Another disappointment brought to you by a common Filipino trait: fuckers won give the PWD seat on public vehicle "
" : filipino clubs aren just a once a week/once a month typa deal! they are gateways to learning more about our history"
" Share your status with us! to submit your entries?: Sign up on our website: "
"Whether or not  is cheating on his wife is their business.  Duts cheating on the Filipino people for "
" : [CALL FOR RESPONDENTS] you are: Filipino Citizen from 1980-2000 stayed at least 1 night in any destination"
"Fil-Am "
"    Transgressions on the Filipino people is the biggest hypocrisy of all."
" Am A Filipino cookbook nominated for James Beard Award "
" : My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 |"
"A filipino swag can withstand gamma radiation"
"     My mom went full old Filipino lady, waving her arm "
"  I hope they update this. This isn't their first Filipino character. First FEMALE Filipino ch "
" : Pretended I was the Filipino second coming of Jim Morrison for the karaoke press battle. That one off the bucket list."
"Cura filipino recibe cr por oficiar la misa a bordo de una "
" : everywhere I go people ask me if I Filipino"
"Short piece on the special announcement by the L "
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 | "
"Ernest just told me he not actually Filipino he from Ecuador and his real name is Kevin and he in witness protection"
"| Filipino // I love you so much | #CoffeeTeaAndLines |  ........#poetry #poetsofinstagram "
"Filipino thirst trap gay Tik Tok Twitter accounts really are on a whole new level"
" (Patola Filipino Style)(Misua) "
"Dalagang pilipina pero bagsak sa filipino ayieh!"
"AIAS Filipino Student Interviews "
" Filipino films!!!"
"Biggest crossover in the entire history of Filipino films, Mulawin and Encantadia joined forces in 2005. Films "
"Have you ever been in a talent show?  I always late. Filipino Time "
"Malamang walang kokontra because she is indeed fit to be Esquire's choice as sexiest woman of 2019. ^_^ "
"most filipino ppl are totally fucked up tho "
" Respect bro! I was at your last show in Melbourne and my in laws who are Filipino are hard out vibin "
"Now I know why toxic filipino trait is present here in our country..... offense pero our elders keeping their t "
"Kelsey Meritt is back in Manila and her first order of business? Devouring Filipino street food! "
"How Filipino BPOs can stay competitive as tax reform looms "
"I'm at Casino Filipino in Cebu City, Central Visayas "
"Sa kanyang huling taon ng panunungkulan bilang direktor ng Sentro ng Wikang Filipino UP Diliman (SWF-UPD), iniulat "
"TANG INA ANG TANGA LANG GINAGAMIT NIYO YUNG KULAY NIYA PARA IBASH UNG PAG ACT NIYA SA ROLE NIYA. YUNG PRISIDENTE NI "
"Filipino hip-hop artist Aero will be also joining today's Roadshow with DJ Alice at the Eton Centris at 4 p.m. PHT! "
" YOU HAVE A LOT OF FILIPINO FANS HERE OMG SKSKKSJS"
"  Isn't it that Jim Paredes deserves an award for the only Filipino who play his tongue "
"Newbie here,i want a Filipino mutual friends!If"
"Mag uyab ka ba ng filipino? If so sino and why? Willing ka mag ldr?  Wow essay question? Hahahah i mean aslong as "
"and I'm back with another historical fact combined with unsaturated humor: bought the rights to Fox like ho "
"i forget that people don't just exist in my country and can't pronounce some filipino names"
"Bangus belly sinigang really top 2 filipino food all time"
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 | "
"21. Other than my main Language (Filipino) I speak English of course  and super teensy bit of Korean and Japanese"
"Filipino palang naaaral ko"
"A new advertisement (Looking for Filipino Helper) has been published on Find a Nanny. am looking for a Filipino h "
" : Grab a slice of Culinary Training Program alumna Chef Caroline's Filipino Pizza at  this month and $4 from ever"
"sobrang daming projects sa filipino masyado nya kami pinahihirapan ih. wala syang konsyensya ngayon nya nalang kami "
"The Filipino people are upset with the way you run the country. "
"yo girl ditched her filipino class for an extra nap. very good"
"CHANGE YOUR HABIT! CHANGE YOUR FUTURE! kong bumait pero di ko magawa This was a line I remember from a "
" : Today is April Fools Day. Believe nothing and trust no one... just like any other day."
" Matapos nila tanggalin ang filipino subject as minor"
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 | "
"Gaano ka kulit si Sachzna Laparan Off-Cam? watch this!  "
"Dalagang Pilipina yeah  sa Filipino yeah "
"FACTS. If you don eat rice, you not Filipino at all.  "
"Toxic Filipino Culture. "
"LOOK: John Lennon son Julian pokes fun at Filipino lemonade stand "
"a realtive: puro ka koreano. wala nang tigil na koreano*moments later she walks to her room to watch filipino dubbed KDRAMA*"
"   Filipino horror movies HAHAHAHA"
" wow usap ulit tayo in Filipino "
"with high honors in conduct paper master of the year-artist of the year in pho "
" : In honor of April fools I posting one of the greatest jokes of all time: "
" : date idea: literally anything as long as i with you"
" Reminds me of a time when I was leaving campus and a guy who held the door for me on the way out as "
" : A look at the inspiring work of talented Filipino artists with autism or special needs "
" Why do all Filipino stan twitter accs do that?? "
" : txt gdm rt and fave this tweet 20 only  filipino ka dapat mamzer hehe maingay active rin hih0 no to flop,, solid d"
"Yesterday my mom cooked  favorite Filipino dish since he was with us for the weekend and even packed him e "
"Hoy nos da los #Buenosd una guapa mestiza desde #FilipinasenelsigloXIX pintor #filipino Justiniano Asunci q "
" : nothing is more heartbreaking than when you try your hardest and it still isn enough"
"tangina nagstaring contest lang kami ng questionnaire ko sa filipino"
" : This one-woman show of magic and mind reading is the true story of how Filipino American magician, Maritess Zurbano, becam"
" : rt if you filipino and have a tito Boy or tita Baby trynna see smthn"
"Seat mates nako sa filipino, pati ba naman sa misa  "
"Dalagang Pilipina pero bagsak sa filipino."
" : Another toxic filipino cultureWhy don't you have any award this year? You were an achiever way back in high school"
" : losing your headphones is a different kind of heartbreak"
" league of legends i play that game but im a filipino"
"Bat ganun ang unfair Naman para SA mga Filipino major. Bakit Di Kami priority sa scholarship?"
"Buti pa mga Chinese fishermen kakampi ang gobyerno nila. Eh yung mga Pilipinong mangingisda? "
" :  gonna go to bed early tonight  1:00am: "
"  but as of now, I think only MMT can make it possible to have #ATEEZinManila, and i think i "
" : From ube cheesecakes to fine dining, a new wave of Filipino food is gaining ground in Seattle. Here's where to find it: "
" I want to go to the #CokeStudioSummerConcert for me to experience a world class OPM performances form o "
"Wish I got to see ,  and  form a Filipino Shield in WWE "
"Salinlahi Alliance for Children Concerns: 31% of Filipino children still live below poverty line; 29,000 die year "
"Pubg or ros?  Uhmmm teka ang hirap ah hahahaha 50/50 prend kasi, - madali mag laro at makapatay pero puro ar "
" : Q &amp; A with my mother. () #filipino mom "
" :  i want to go to the #CokeStudioSummerConcert because i want to discover some of the underrated opm artist."
"   Filipino hospitality"
"FITFIL Movement Gave Fitness Leaders A Level-Up With Fitness Science Series #pinoy #fitness "
"to ALDUB fans, this is a good article about Alden Richards, Maine Mendoza, &amp; Arjo Atayde! Napakagandang basahin. L "
" : HAPPY BIHDAY  from your filipino fans  thank you  for conducting such event    #"
"i wanna watch filipino indie films!! saan ba makakanood? "
"I think I would just cut the wire. #robertdowneyjr #tonystark #ironman #avengers #avengersendgame #trainspainting "
"Back when I was a toddler, I such a white person, now I grown I now have the color of a filipino(ish) because now I brown. "
" I want to go to the #CokeStudioSummerConcert because I really love OPM songs. OPM artists are very crea "
" : Salinlahi Alliance for Children Concerns named candidates whom they believe will carry the interests of the Filipino chil"
"Salinlahi Alliance for Children Concerns named candidates whom they believe will carry the interests of the Filip "
"Ahh the night all started so well until buying a bottle of local Filipino vodka for $3 absolute blackout no memory "
" : Toxic filipino mindset: ang iba makapagpatawa lang."
"#Eerie! Definitely an outstanding Filipino film. Storyline  Cinematography  Sound effects  up for Pinoy m "
"    Tama ang lonely planets.  It was build by the chinese 2000 ye "
"Fav Filipino street food?  isaw, kwek-kwek, bbq, mani na may bawang, kikiam, taho, ice candy "
" : #PBBOTSO #TeamLAYF I like about this batch is the fact that each member of the Big 4 represents a different walk of lif"
"Bakit po ang baba ng grade sa PR1? Hindi naman po namin kasalanan na hindi tayo nakakapagmeet to have our class dis "
"POFOLIO OF THE WEEK:  ://t.co/e4b4rIf9Wh#PortfolioOfTheWeek #Portfolio #Filipino #Photographer "
" Nakaka proud maging Filipino no?"
" : I pity those who visit their Filipino families during Christmas only to be called a chupaburat by a drunk, homophobic u"
"queen of being filipino "
"Dalagang Filipino "
" : filipino moms are sumn else, u out here dying and they would still give u none but vicks :///"
"From our archives, on this day, 2018: It is truly shocking how some Filipino workers are treated in the Middle East. "
"From our archives, on this day, 2018: It is truly shocking how some Filipino workers are treated in the Middle East. "
"Going to publish an article named the Hypocrisy of the Filipino people. I am so done with all of our bullshit. "
" i want to go to the #CokeStudioSummerConcert because i want to discover some of the underrated opm arti "
"Coming from a very, if not conservative, religious Filipino family. I'm having a hard time breaking the news to my "
"another one:  ( filipino = bastos HAHHAAH )"
"April is officially celebrated as Filipino Food Month! A whole month dedicated to our unique cuisine. What's your f "
"Toxic Filipino Culture: Seniority "
"filipino moms are sumn else, u out here dying and they would still give u none but vicks :///"
"Why I read small books written by Filipino writers? "
" : Toxic Filipino culture is  biktima ang mas may mali kaysa sa mga tunay na may sala. "
"Hindi ko na nga alam kung san ako lulugar, ang wikang Filipino pa kaya sa larangan ng teknolohiya!!"
"I can teach you on how to speak Tagalog/Filipino :) btw I'm haechan biased. Nice to meet you!  teach me!!!!!!! i'm "
" Responsible in English in Araling Panlipunan Speller (Filipino) in Attendance "
"A must for Filipino homes, have at least a pot of chili plant, you can have a garden. It comes handy all the t "
"mema na lang sa filipino kanina eh "
"Mabuhay! Philippine Airlines is now serving MNL-HAN (Hanoi, Vietnam). Quality service with a touch of Filipino care "
"I still pissed my Filipino grandparents didn immigrate to California where the rest of my people are at "
" : alright can twitter shut the fuck up about filipino guys now we get it they're either ugly or heartbreakers can we please m"
"What's up, fam? Here's a link to my WIP The Crocodile God! It's an urban-fantasy where the forgotten Filipino sea "
"Nuclear ng China pag di tayo sumunod sa kanila &gt; magtiwala sa gobyerno natin &gt; Tutulong si Uncle Sam fucked up filipino sandwich"
"  Sorry, it's just that, it's hard to find a Filipino ahgase or it's just me. "
"Es chistoso porque Alfred desacredita al ni filipino diciendo que  dec que la original era la china porque  "
"It should be! Filipino for Philippines  "
"Dalagang Pilipina  Bagsak Sa Filipino Yeah  "
"  I love bts so much,bts is my happiness,bts is my life,Filipino Fan is here,we love you bts, "
"also nobody knows this but Jonsey is Spanish &amp; Filipino, it's canon "
" : Hi twitter! A filipino cultural show I'm involved in really needs funds to be produced this year. pls pls pls share to you"
""
"DND backs Filipino fishers: Continue fishing in Philippine waters | "
"Finalmente el ni filipino analiza ambas y dice que la camisa de Earn (el protagonista) es la falsa. Afortunadamen "
" : FILIPINOS DRAGGING DOWN CO FILIPINOS IS SUCH A SHAME FOR ME BEING A FILIPINO "
" filipino ata gusto moooo"
"Today, we are celebrating the memorial of St. Pedro Calungsod, 2nd Filipino Saint and Martyr, and Patron of the You "
"Chinese envoy reminds Filipino fishers of West PH Sea  "
" The Crocodile God is about Filipino-American Mirasol, who finds the Tagalog sea-god Haik on a Cali "
" There is a filipino rebel group called M.I.L.F.  Lonely Delta and SEAL operators who weren't fully br "
"#LAPIFF#2019#REELAWARDS "
" : shoelaces are Filipino spaghetti"
" I want to go to the #CokeSummerStudioConcert because i really want to support opm artists/bands. OPM ne "
"La duda se mantiene durante el d porque el  que sabe de ello es un ni filipino que ha llegado tarde a clas "
"FILIPINOS DRAGGING DOWN CO FILIPINOS IS SUCH A SHAME FOR ME BEING A FILIPINO "
"ok ang tagal ko na palang hindi nag filipino defense"
"Sinayaw ng grupo ang sikat ng awitin ng Eraserheads na  sa Masa bilang tribute sa mga OFWs na guro, doktor, a "
"Bacolod Tay Tung High School Thunderbolts showed its wares in the elementary and secondary category of the Filipino "
"Check out our latest eats at the newly opened Filipino restaurant in Woodside, Queens on IG! "
"listening to top filipino karaoke songs and emoting"
"good morning i heard that chinese workers are paying apartments to get rid of their filipino tenants and make it an "
" filipino teacher namen yannn ehehehe "
"Isang kagaguhan na ginagawa ng mga Claretiano sa mga foreign students ay yung tuturuan ng mga maling salita para ma "
" support wikang filipino teh"
"There just no Filipino food out there that smacks quite as hard as my mom and grandma"
" :  I love bts so much,bts is my happiness,bts is my life,We love you bts especially Jimin,Filipino Fan is here,M"
"// Marina is straight out Filipino but because of how proficient she is in English and probably have to do with stu "
" I love bts so much,bts is my happiness,bts is my life,We love you bts especially Jimin,Filipino Fan is her "
":layuan mo yan anak, de ko gusto yan.:tignan mo itsura parang adik may hikaw at may tattoo pa. filipino cul "
"shoelaces are Filipino spaghetti"
"Hollup, Filipino ATINYs! Let's make #ATEEZinManila happen!  click "
"  Wow you're a Filipino too!! Hi!"
"  Naturally born Filipino. Can we go back to the topic now?"
" : "
"mae hasn't tried the chicken oil in mang inasal... is she really filipino? no or no?"
"kacutee ni sara na naspeak hin filipino HAHAHA "
"Filipino time is buyag on time gyud diay bay. Mutuo nako. 7:15 flight nahimong 9:30 wowercxzs"
"  Tbh it took me forever to figure out what Paningning was  now I know Paningning is a whole ass F "
" : Say hello to my filipino friend#asia #philipines #manila #confernxe #freedomsummitglobal #blockchain #digitalmarketin"
" : One fine day, it was, with these Olympian heartthrobs  and  leading the #BenchSportsClinic earl"
"my ideal outcome would be he becomes captain lars like normal but like. doesnt get the pink skin but gets the pink "
" Iilang Filipino nalang Ang may kakayanan gumawa Nyan, sana nilakasan nya Ng todo Yung boses nya para "
" :  Panelo: For as long as he is the President, he will not allow anything that will go against the interest of t"
"Now that I think about it, it might just be cause I Filipino too...."
"my roommate thought kiwi people (like calum hood) are the same thing as Filipino people I -"
" : Binatang filipino#LFSonItShowtime "
") to be precise he's Puerto Rican , Mexican , Spaniard and Filipino ."
"Hahahha shet kala ko finals sa filipino ngayon buti nagprocastinate ako "
"    Ohhh maybe if we meet someday we can speak Filipino skdjsksk"
" : Ethnophobia is the irrational hatred of one's own culture. the reasons why I hate Filipino meetings irrational? Nope."
"  I agree. But what about jobs that people don't necessarily want? For instance, I live betw "
"    i speak Filipino, my native language, and English~"
"  LOOOL. Yo, is that the filipino one?"
"Say hello to my filipino friend#asia #philipines #manila #confernxe #freedomsummitglobal #blockchain "
" THIS REALLY HOW IT BE IN FILIPINO GATHERINGS THO"
"Binatang filipino#LFSonItShowtime "
" Honestly, being Filipino is like one big dad joke. Incredibly cheesy and sometimes very annoying, but actually "
" :  Could you imagine someone singing Handog Ng Filipino sa Mundo while masturbating in Social Media?  (he didnt sin"
" : Thank you for supporting our booth yesterday at the #ThaiFansDay2018  ! Here's a video greeting from our Queen Esther S"
" : hi guys! so, i was talking with a filipino uniter and we have the idea to create a group chat with all baeleys around the"
" Someone once thought I used to be in FTS but then realized I was just another filipino dude from the N "
" I want to go to #CokeStudioSummerConcert because I love the Filipino artists and especially OPM music. "
" My Filipino ass parents would never allow me to buy this many posters HAHA"
" : Hi! I'm Kim, a Filipino-American artist who really likes drawing shiny + cute stuff!   #ArtistsofSEA "
"How Filipino BPOs can stay competitive as tax reform looms "
"CAST OF POWER RANGER= ANOTHER WEAKNESS OF FILIPINOS== ABOUT AKARED CORRUPTED SENTAI == C "
"Thanks to David Magdael and Giselle Tongi Walters, I heard this video went to broadcast tonight!  Maraming salamat "
"Pure filipino?  half japanese "
" : To  and   you for bringing us Filipino fans closer to  these past two! It was a weekend"
"wait did the new blues clues with the filipino lead ever happen or...."
"A new phone would be really nice right about now"
" : Filipino bookish community! San Julian Pride is trying to put together an LGBT+ mini-library! Send your donations to the"
"Dunno if he knows what his dad went through here, making him say he would not want to even fly over the country in "
"toxic Filipino facebook culture. mga bwisit "
"Filipino Spaghetti &gt;&gt; "
"O p filipino #petitJournalAtualidadesSobrePoliticaInternacionalEEconomia ://t.co/GirQKVA5r6 via "
"Mostly Filipino otakus have the power to combine both English + Japanese words in a sentence when talking or posting some stuffs."
"Still quite irritated on how you treated me when i asked what that word means might be a filipino but there are "
" : [THREAD] BLACKPINK as FILIPINO ROMANTICS  - hung up, got no game - playing hard to get - flirty, thirsty ("
"YES  DISAPPOINTING SAID CAN STAND THERE OWN THIS RESULT IN YOUTUBE SO MUCH TO GOD"
"Filipino moms be like: "
" : The manga is free for all to enjoy in English on "
"Bong Go reminds youth of every Filipino duty to serve the country#GoForWomen "
"lol for real. Good luck at a Filipino party. "
" : Filipino Subj.  Trip Sa labas ng school  "
" : omg this is my favorite meal i eat it literally evey night. super cheap college student dinner thank me later   "
"filipino time as usual"
" : Happy Feast of St. Pedro Calungsod and to all the Filipino Youth. "
"Just got pulled randomly at SFO to check my passport. Told me it was because I shared a birthday with someone but "
" KristinaMaralit: Panelo stressed that PRRD will not allow anything that will go against the interest of the Fili "
"Wtf is wrong with y'all? "
" : Filipino deities are popping out like daisies (again)."
" : Toxic Filipino Culture?  ikaw na yung niloko, pero sya pa yung nagpavictim "
" wala ka pang naambag sa filipino"
"i'm filipino and it's my bday in the philippines so happy birthday to me bitch !!"
"fucking filipino boys smh "
" a nice feeling to be able to say na I have my own space and I have my own home and I have the choice of decor "
"eng- english- filipino- yonara no mae ni let go de mokokoro no meiro no naka de mayou "
"Singing TT by twice: I'm like TT, just like TT. lalalala..... worker: ang sarap ng TT gusto ko ng TT "
"Happy Feast of St. Pedro Calungsod and to all the Filipino Youth. "
"Sometimes you hear a cover of some non-mainstream rap song by some Filipino hip-hop group then you understand "
"  what are you, filipino? same lol"
"  Me, a Filipino ahgase, hurt myself "
"Panelo on the scope of contract reviews: Lahat ng kontrata, lahat ng interest ng Filipino people."
" : Panelo stressed that PRRD will not allow anything that will go against the interest of the Filipino people for as long"
"If I didn grow up on filipino spaghetti, I wonder if I actually enjoy marinara"
"  Panelo says all contracts that affect the Filipino people will be reviewed. | "
"people have been doing this so y nut  pts for every similar fact- filipino- army- nctzen- stay- is short "
"Thank you Narima Dela Cruz for all the amazing community work you do in the Filipino Community and in Surrey. "
"Panelo: For as long as he is the President, he will not allow anything that will go against the interest of the Fil "
"Panelo says all contracts that affect the Filipino people will be reviewed. "
" : Ang laking perhuwisyo talaga ng New Generation Currency (NGC) coin series ng BSP, lalo sa mga dyipni drayber. Paano na lang k"
" I WANT TO GO TO THE #CokeStudioSummerConcert  Because I LOVE MUSIC ESPECIALLY OPM HITS MAKES ME PROUD T "
"Zhao: Chinese, Filipino fishers should observe fishing limits in SCS://t.co/2aLUG9UYtm#ZhaoJianhua#Chinese "
"Filipino deities are popping out like daisies (again)."
"  Will is white washed as hell but looks more Filipino than me "
" I want to go to #CokeStudioSummerConcert because i want to be part of the growing OPM community. I want "
"CF launches Tanghalan ng Kampeon sa Casino Filipino "
" I want to go to the #CokeStudioSummerConcert because OPM never fails to tug at the heartstrings of many "
"except sa filipino "
"at this point, being a Filipino citizen is a shame "
"Panelo stressed that PRRD will not allow anything that will go against the interest of the Filipino people for as l "
"Unholy filipino meme page that is not for hypersensitive people"
"Baka naman kilala niyo pamilya niya! Kawawa naman si Kabayan. "
" Panelo: For as long as he is the President, he will not allow anything that will go against the inte "
" :          "
"The manga is free for all to enjoy in English on "
"Bongga Groupies sa Bata, Boto, Balota: The 2019 Filipino Children's Agenda"
"    i even get pissed when foreigners make fun of my accent and prete "
"Ang laking perhuwisyo talaga ng New Generation Currency (NGC) coin series ng BSP, lalo sa mga dyipni drayber. Paano "
"DND backs Filipino fishers: Continue fishing in Philippine waters | "
" have you listen to this Filipino Song called  Rider? "
"Hi friends! Im selling filipino foods here in  if your interested just dm my account!"
"Dalagang Filipina daw, pero amoy Binatang Filipino"
"Netflix, please have some more Filipino Indie Films"
" Could you imagine someone singing Handog Ng Filipino sa Mundo while masturbating in Social Media?  (he d "
" filipino, born in the US tho"
"imma put my filipino nickname as my dn"
"El tiro libre del gol: muy bien pateado. La falta quiz la cobre un  filipino donde interprete que si alguie "
"as his mom fucking knows i have an eating disorder and that y my husband constantly asks me if i eating and i h "
" : Well, most Filipino HK residents are musicians.  ring ang role mo ay anak ng musician. Or half-Filipino, half-Chinese"
" :   So ano po ngaun kun d po cia aeta pa rin cia po cia ibang lahi masabhan"
" I Dont think so.. Yamyam is talented too.. He compose song..  He can sing too..he can dance well. "
"the beauty of the filipino language "
" Sorry babe, it Filipino culture. Either bring enough for everyone or don bring anything at all "
"4th session still can follow their meal plan, I a carbs girl!  take the white rice out of a Filipino!  a "
" he loves his son the most  so Filipino  my heart feels warmer 's Dating the Gangster "
" Me neither, I also have very straight eyebrows maybe because I'm Filipino "
"Cutting my Filipino class ajdnwixndjd pray for me "
" I want to go to the #CokeStudioSummerConcert because i really want to see my favorite artist perform li "
"Eating healthy unfortunately means no more Filipino food for a while "
"Is this another one of those filipino things that I just finding out is another universal thing cause I don han "
"I don know who needs to hear this but  is not a language.  "
"Mas malaman pa yung ilong ko kaysa sa exam ko sa filipino "
"5:05 pm Filipino Unis, prepare your accounts for The Show voting"
"Nicole Ponseca got nominated for James Beard Award! "
" : LOOK: John Lennon son Julian pokes fun at Filipino lemonade stand "
" : I got tired of affirmative action stories that mostly centered on wealthy East Asians. So I wrote my own story on Hmong refug"
"  Isang binatang filipino ye"
"LOOK: John Lennon son Julian pokes fun at Filipino lemonade stand "
"damn, filipino time "
"Grabe yung filipino talaga sumisira ng pangarap ko since grade 6, 8 hanggang ngayon consistent"
"With High Honors Performance in Science. Performance in Leadership Award. Performance in Englis "
" : hi i'm KURI, a filipino art visual communication student interested in illustrating and writing children's story books. #Vi"
"  Not Filipino noddles Chris!"
"LOOK: 231st birthday ni Francisco Baltazar ukon mas kilala bilang Francisco Balagtas gindumdom sa Pandacan, Manila. "
"Leader in Filipino is, *Pinuno*. It speaks to us about Nuno : understanding our context and history. About Puno: "
" This applies as well to Tagle, Pabillo, Villegas and the rest of the self-righteous Filipino priests."
"Bagan ang puro daw Filipino"
" :  OFJFKSKXKSKDN im in america but hello i love u - a filipino"
"Ngano naa namay Filipino movies ang netflix?"
"me, his mother told me she and her filipino friends talk abt how i not womanly and have nothing to offer but mone "
" OFJFKSKXKSKDN im in america but hello i love u - a filipino"
"MANILA, Philippines  He is best known for evocative pictures of the Duterte administration's campaign against ille "
"Happy Feast Day SAN PEDRO CALUNGSOD! Saint of the Filipino Youths, Pray for Us! Bring peace to our Country "
"Larong Pinoy - Pukpok Palayok - Filipino Traditional Game - Fun Parlor Game ideas "
"Parang naging word of the week ang -proclaimed influencer after nag-spark ng debate ang post ng Siargao beach "
" : ATM  Attending Bata Boto Balota The 2019 Filipino Children's Agenda tackling the Children Situation in the Philippines an"
" dude lookin filipino here"
"filipino humor sucks "
"21. none besides filipino and english"
" yeah thank u!! I wasn't really raised to be like that in touch with my culture cuz my parents wanted me "
"Hindi ko masyadong tuwa sa Filipino ko, pero nagtry ako naman."
"Now Happening: 10th ULAT BULILIT led by Salinlahi Alliance for Children's Concerns Bata, Boto, Balota, The 2019 Fil "
" : My  lecture is happening this Wed., April 3, 5-6:30pm at : #Nursing and #migration in #Filipino Ame"
"LOOK: 231st birthday of Francisco Baltazar or also known as Francisco Balagtas was commemmorated in Pandacan, Manil "
" : EYE-OPENING FILIPINO DOCUMENTARIES-- a thread stories often go unnoticed and I hope they give every Filipino a new pe"
" kayod to the highest level sir riders will surely vote for you"
"12. I am mostly Filipino, but my great grandparents on both sides are Spanish. My ancestors fled Spain as political "
"why tf can i sing life would be so much better if i could sing am i even filipino wtf"
"txt gdm rt and fave this tweet 20 only  filipino ka dapat mamzer hehe maingay active rin hih0 no to flo "
"same withyou don't sound Filipino "
" : is this supposed to mean something  "
"I can sing in Japanese, English, Spanish, Korean, Chinese, Filipino and Hebrew!!! :D ...But I'm only fluent in English..."
"Az a filipino ang hilig talaga natin magpictorial sa mga grand staircases ano?"
"(I'm half Filipino, half white. I'm very light complected.) You should just tell people you're white. It'll help pe "
"COMPLETELY FELL IN LOVE FOR FILIPINO HORROR MOVIES "
"Oh shiiiiiiittt- Filipino plot twist  is why everyone is in the medical field third of the population is i "
" : Oy may Filipino movies na sa Netflix USA, makanuod nga!#MaineForMACStudioFix "
"sts time pero nagrereview sa filipino tas wala pang napasok sa utak ko anunaahh??"
" : Instead of putting the welfare of our Filipino fishermen at the forefront and asserting the Philippines rightful claim"
"what ph dialects can u speak?  Filipino and bisaya (20%) "
" : My filipino mom when she was pregnant with me:|              ||              ||               |"
" I'm Soulty! Smol filipino bean making smol (not really) arts and sometimes animations! "
"If I have ever shared my Filipino food with you and you told me you liked it, you are very special to me, and I remember that"
" i expected nothing less from a Filipino boy"
"It about time. The Rizal Memorial has been a home for some of the greatest Filipino athletes. #CMS4aChange "
"disappointing filipino people-aaral pero walang respect haaay "
"The management of the Light Rail Transit 2 (L-2) will be providing free rides to all Filipino veterans for seven "
"Toxic Filipino Culture: with honors yung mga kapatid/pinsan mo icocompare ka nila doon"
"Have you ever been in a talent show?  being in a filipino family already feels like a talent show in itself lol "
"Dalagang Pilipina pero bagsak sa Filipino"
" ISULONG DIN SA BATAS KUNG HINDI PA KASAMA SA UNIVERSAL HEALTH CARE ANG UNIVERSAL DENTAL CARE PARA SA LA "
"my mom is pressed that my sister Filipino customers think that taro and ube are the same thing lmao"
"Pedi indica de Ultraman p assistir no meu ultimo video e comentaram uma LISTA com todas (quase todas acho) seri "
" : Albums dropping this month of April: - Revenge of Dreamers 3 .PAAK - Ventura - Free Sprit"
"ugh i need more filipino mootz"
"TransCycle: Bengali, Vietnamese, Icelandic, Chinese (Simplified), Polish, Filipino, Belarusian, Slovak, Scots Gaelic"
"Pedi indica de Ultraman p assistir no ultimo video e comentaram uma LISTA com todas (quase todas acho) series.. "
"Congratulations has been #1 on trending here in the Philippines for more than 48 hours wow the strength of Filipino "
"Help me with my Filipino research paper in filipino :( i m willing to pay coz i m really desperate. i need it on th "
"Hot summer deals! Buy 1 Take 1 on premium Philippine heritage beverage set! Get one for yourself and give one to a "
"Anyone who know where i can buy filipino ethnic inspired modern outfit? We have a client visit and i don't want to wear barong."
" :   The Filipino people demands an apology. This is discrimination on Filipinos here in the Philipp"
"In the day where I didn't want to have a meet, I PR'd on this one surprisingly"
"You know how almost every Filipino mother in her mid 50s and above  or try to match her kids up with someone "
"#appointment #monday #april1 #busy #april1st #pinoy #pinoyabroad #1stapril #pinoyinthailand #pinoysathailand #noypi "
"Dumadami na ang mga ingleserang slang-kuno mag filipino like heck bish dat aint cute"
" : Imagine if someone actually wanted to learn about your past. Not to punish you. But to understand how you needed to be love"
"Filipino traditional sweets "
"Filipino veterans get free ride at L-2 on Philippine Veterans Week "
"Filipino time nga naman. Sabi ni prop, 9 a.m.,  pero ngayon lang dumating at magsisimula hahaha. Galeng"
"   *laughs in Filipino*"
"It really grinds my gears when someone still insists in talking in Filipino when they've been told that the group's international"
" : Yall so ive been researching this nipsey hussle conspiracy theory and long story short, we should all eat moringa aka malung"
"kamusta eerie ate?  not the typical buki filipino horror movie. must watch talaga!!!! "
"Late na kasi dumating yng tatay kong Filipino time, kung alam ko lang sana ako nalang umattend "
" : Saint Martin's Pacific Islanders Club (PACI) and Filipino Heritage Club (FHC) are hosting the We Are Here: Family Night Show o"
"Filipino singer Jim Paredes has apologized for his  after a video of him preforming sexual action "
" : My filipino mom when she was pregnant to me. |             ||             ||              |                |"
"#TodayinHistory in 1788, Francisco Balagtas, Filipino poet, was born. Did u know that when Mabini was exiled to Gua "
" : Pinangunahan ng Komisyon sa Wikang Filipino (KWF) ang selebrasyon ng kaarawan ng manunulat na si Francisco 'Balagtas' Balta"
"    They kept joking I could pass as half filipino half caucasian. Sinc "
" : fucking toxic filipino culture wherein they say na music and arts is a no brainer shit para sa aming future"
"ETCio | Filipino firm SPi leads race for e-publishing firm SPS "
" : #AprilTTRPGmaker. I'm Jammi! I'm a big ol' geek &amp; obsess over TRPGs. I've made the sudden leap to being a fledgling g"
"Toxic filipino family culture is when u speak about what u truly feel and instead of giving u advices they are givi "
"ok chinese fishers kahit large/medium commercial scale??? na still nage-exploit ng aquatic resources + destroying e "
"talked to the new international teacher: you must be a filipino: i am: you have beautiful manners, ju "
"Thanks for meeting me today Linda! Councillor  to update you with  the activities of the Surrey Filipi "
"Astig talaga ang Wikang Filipino... "
"   yes, Filipino people love  so much!!"
"DND backs Filipino fishers: Continue fishing in Philippine waters | "
"all my friends hate filipino people...but I am kind of wondering something really bizarre if a caucasian person tak "
" : And for the first time, the federal government will accept Tagalog for the 2020 Census. Monterey County has historicall"
" : Majority of the Filipino people have had enough of the honeyed words and promises of the Opposition's LP...of the previous a"
" u'll always be a filipino bret "
"unpopular opinion: even as a filipino, that is NOT a hard to swallow pill. :-(( "
""
"KABATAAN Rep.  called for an independent probe into the state-backed killings in Negros Oriental. "
"Pork Adobo recipe  Filipino Pork Humba recipe in "
"Daming alam ng mga filipino HAHHAHAHA lt eh "
"tots about marcus reyes  10/10 fluent in Filipino HAHAHAHAHA "
"Divorce secured by the Filipino spouse abroad. "
"Duterte Offers Filipino Citizenship To Rohingya Refugees - Eurasia Review "
"I hate soggy pasta. Unless it Filipino spaghetti, in which case an extra minute of cooking time is acceptable."
"  Umm, yes! Also, yes to a Filipino queen slaying wrestling "
" : Hey  Definitely these not covered by press freedom 1) violating 100% Filipino mass media ownership 2) using dummi"
" It's not easy as it sounds, you have to learn at least 1-2,000 Kanjis and level 2 japanese. Remember the F "
" : Toxic Filipino culture: kasalanan mo pa kung successful ka."
"filipino street foods bc specially kikiam + isaw. idk i just want them to try it "
"nasan na ba kasi yung pang g9 na filipino book ko huhu"
"    Wait wdym half filipino I'm turning into confused uncle now "
" : the love i have for filipino indie bands &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;"
"Dalangang Filipino yeah!  "
"TOP 10 RICHEST YOUNG FILIPINO CELEBRITIES OF 2019 #ALDENSheerDetermination#MaineForMACStudioFix"
" March 2019 . In IMG, the mission is still on: to bring FINANCIAL EDUCATION to every Filipino family. Find ou "
"I want Filipino food"
"BRIA Homes , murang pabahay para sa pamilyang Filipino://t.co/NaaBggizC2 nang makapipigil sa patuloy na "
"I 50% Filipino and 50% Colombian and I have the whitest girl name  Grace Sanders lmao"
"Now Happening: 10th ULAT BULILIT led by Salinlahi Alliance for Children's Concerns Bata, Boto, Balota, The 2019 Fil "
" you better watch out. There's a Filipino guy waiting to take your place somewhere out there! Better  pr "
" : R.I.P NIPSEY HUSSLE WE MISS YOU BIG HOMIE "
"Watching all these Filipino dramas on  got me realizing what I forever want/ don want in a relationship."
"Life: dry "
"12. Filipino-Spanish??"
" The guy has no business 'reminding' Filipino fishers what to do in the WPS."
"HAPPY 20th BIHDAY  JAMES SEAVEY  for being a TWENTEEN!'m so happy for you Daniii  God "
" : nxndnsjs theres a developing rpg game based on philippine mythology by filipino game developers &amp;&amp;&amp;&amp; i cant help but think o"
" : Yellowknife Filipino basketball league makes a comeback, with help of 2 men's sacrifice | CBC News "
"  Filipino=69"
"i was watching this queer eye episode where this one filipino man was wearing a barong and tan went like  at h "
"Toxic Filipino culture: kasalanan mo pa kung successful ka."
"Yellowknife Filipino basketball league makes a comeback, with help of 2 men's sacrifice | CBC News "
"When someone pulls up to the register speaking that hardcore ass Spanish and my Filipino ass is lost af "
"English 92 Filipino 89 88 75 93 Math?"
"The spotlight has been on the chef-driven Filipino restaurants in LA (Lasa, Mam/Sir) and San Francisco (Pinoy Herit "
"but humiliate Filipino fishermen "
"i live for filipino horror movies"
"Does every Filipino in SoCal have cousins in the bay?? I just wanna know"
" Im top 20 in my school and am disqualified from honors, cuz you know... too shabby"
"The indigenous peoples are no better off as the gov sponsored killings and expulsions of them have gone without muc "
"Filipino is  "
" Once a Filipino Chachi Always a Filipino Chachi"
" It just sucks because they're Filipino that's so disappointing..."
" your best for the country! - PSC Chairman Butch Ramirez#SEAG #PSC #Ripplesdaily stories on "
"Galit kayo sa may scandal pero hindi kayo galit sa nagkalat ng scandal kasi dahil sa nagkalat pwede kayo makisawsaw "
"It would now be hard to imagine the public being anything but complicit if the government began liquidating the dru "
"Oy may Filipino movies na sa Netflix USA, makanuod nga!#MaineForMACStudioFix "
"I have a gazillion chat apps installed on my phone. /HK clients: WeChat bosses: WhatsApp "
" : TEAR PLAYLIST. Intro : Armys Wallet Crying. Sobbing. Panicking. Hysterical Crying. Crying in Korean. Tearing U"
"Having said that, we encourage our fishermen to continue their fishing activities in our waters and Exclusive Econ "
" Bruh I not even East Asian but I been compared to East Asians aLOT like there was this girl I "
"My favorite Filipino celebrity is . My wife can attest that I watch Vice videos everyday. I just want t "
" : eerie is the best filipino horror film so far hehuu"
"Filipino veterans get free ride at L-2 on Philippine Veterans Week "
"Check out Kris Rubio my other favorite Filipino "
" : Here a recap on 's sports, fitness, and wellness stories of the previous week, from March 23 to 29, 2019, in celebra"
"Shoutout to Pinoys in Spain who made their stay memorable. True Filipino hospitality."
"Wishing Filipino actress #EllenAdarna a very happy birthday!://t.co/uTUKHAF43V"
" tangna pag filipino fisherman wala kayo comment..."
"Having said that, we encourage our fishermen to continue their fishing activities in our waters and Exclusive Econ "
"Last night I bought 4 milk teas so I can drink the whole day because it's freaking hot, I am working on a deadline, "
"Two years ago I tweeted this thread. Over those last two years the Philippines has only gotten worse. The apathy wi "
"Mariqueen Maandig (American-Filipino singer-songwriter) : Philippines of birth: 1981-04-05: Tre "
" : (Well...I mean... hundreds of years of colonization and whitewashing, but it sad) noses are so frkn cute"
"What is your favorite flavor of ice cream?  Not trying to be Filipino but ube is the only worthy ice cream flavor. "
" And when the Chinese Militia/Fishermen do leave, expect coral reef damage and no FISH. What a pity "
"Senatorial aspirant and UP Law professor Atty. Pilo Hilbay calls on the Filipino people to condemn and stand agains "
"A treat for our Filipino veterans! |  "
" : The home of Filipino films - #CinemaCentenario Lineup of movies for April 2019.[a thread] #WelcomeHome #SupportPHFilms #P"
" I was like she quoted something I didn't say... must be working with Filipino tabloids. Lmao."
" :  You literally bring up being Filipino at least once a day"
" -ate francine-swimming-maganda-matangkad-filipino officer"
"am i the only filipino glowstick here?"
"james reid: there ain't nothing in this world like a filipina girl-: pUTA I'M SO PROUD TO BE A FILIPINO CITIZEN "
"There ain't nothing in this world like a filipino girl"
"    Half Filipino-pure white  "
"My cousin blessed us w another bomb ass filipino dinner. Menudo "
"First of all, I would like to thank God Almighty for these achievements that I received. Also I want to say thank y "
"CALLING ALL OF MY FILIPINO MUTUALS WHO ARE CURRENTLY RESIDING IN THE PHILIPPINES OR WHO HAS MEANS TO GO TO MANILA T "
"Micronesian and Filipino ppl work harder than most local ppl. "
"7) idk, just name this hhhh i watched a filipino rom-com involving amnesia as a thing there so yeah, this must b "
" : We honor the life &amp; legacy of #CesarChavez. He was ahead of his time as he worked w/ Dolores Huerta to create the Unit"
"My Filipino friend from course gave me 2 free tennis racquets. Farout I'm winning this week. How's your week going ? Haha"
"Umusbong po ito not to harm other people, it was all made by those proficient scientist to help at para mapadali an "
"Celebrating the 11th Sacerdotal Anniversary of Fr. Ronald de Jesus.  officiated the 6am mass, the a simple filip "
"I was 'kinda' sad when I didn't make the cut for UPCAT. But honestly, there were others na more deserving than me. "
"   we shall try! lorian, I won't have time to make it before our meeting. "
" : Out of the many sawsawan, it the vinegar that has intrigued me the most. We have many varieties of vinegar that I have y"
"I hate the Filipino stereotype that the woman is the one who'll tend their children and stay at home while the man "
"  Korean(original), Chinese, Thai, Indonesian, Vietnamese, Japanese &amp;&amp; Filipino. So far, nu "
"Filipino nalang nabagsak ko pa HAHAHAHAHAHA"
"I love the Filipino best friend 's dating the Gangster  Lucas ooooooooooo"
"    HAHAHAHAHA he was so creepy that one. But how can we blame them "
" : This article was submitted for a printed community newspaper, but the content is really useful so I decided to share it he"
"  what's a filipino?"
"This article was submitted for a printed community newspaper, but the content is really useful so I decided to shar "
" I would have to agree. In fact the Filipino stereotype in Canada is pretty negative."
" Try to learn how to cook Filipino, esp Pinakbet."
"fILIPINO PALA SIYA??!?!?!!1?1!!1?"
"San Diego has the largest concentration of Filipino Americans, let's make everyone count #CountMe2020 "
"Help a student out! Pagawa naman po research paper please! I m willing to pay! Please i m so desperate :(  dm me th "
" : I forgot the best part!!! The picture!!! "
"Filipino churchgoers are some of the most JUDGMENTAL and SELF-RIGHTEOUS people lol "
"every filipino student in that rides  jeepneys "
"Wikang Filipino po ba ang gamit sa interview?  Hindi. Chinese. Kasi binenta na tayo ni Duterte sa China.  "
"alam niyo instead of they will celebrate about what they achieved ngayon, for sure nagsibaba-an ang self-esteem nil "
"For you Filipinos and Filipino food lovers, I made pancit canton "
" FILIPINO KA BA TALAGA HAHAHAHAHA"
"  The Filipino people demands an apology. This is discrimination on Filipinos here in "
" The Filipino people demands an apology! This is a form of discrimination. "
"Siopao which is a classic Filipino merienda that is not only rich in flavor but also filled with nutrients that our "
"Dalagang Pilipina pero bagsak sa Filipino ye"
" : Why do the Filipinos not like Filipino noses I do not understand"
"#PPP2030#YouthTeamBuilding#SanIsidroGimong-Molding the youth in developing Leadership, Cooperation and Team wor "
"filipino time HAHAHAHAHAHHAJAJA "
"8.  Filipino!"
"pero yung filipino talaga eh"
" : Filipino security guard stands up to foreigners for harassing his countrymen at a fast-food chain "
"Craving for classic Filipino beef stew? how to cook this savory dish from Jimmy Castillo on Cook Eat Right P "
" : Filipino scientists found a way to make  invisibility cloaks out of old office equipment "
"#TravelTuesday | Resorts World Manila (RWM), the country very first integrated resort, celebrates 10 fruitful yea "
"I hate you FILIPINO always."
"Bat ba ang baba ko lagi sa filipino subjeectttt taaaeeee"
"It really hard to stay fit if you filipino you know. Especially if your parents always cook junks "
"Every Filipino mom told me I was getting fat "
" I'm Filipino, and I cannot begin to describe how mishandled Asians in general are in the media. Tons o "
"In filipino pala, Maris. Huehuee!.. excited na kaming marining yung buong song.  "
" YOURE FILIPINO? "
"tinulugan ko yung seatwork sa filipino "
" : you don have to wait till college to get involved!! get involved in your high school filipino club or even start your own!!"
"Oh em gee! Yass      will bring adobo, balut, and all things filipino in your visit  "
" Very Filipino Basketball..."
" She's Dating a Gangster 2014 Filipino movie  topic of legal wife &amp; great love has come up  typi "
" : Hey Angeles its your time to experience JM de Guzman HOT flushes. Catch him live at Casino Filipino Angeles on  April 13, Sa"
" : This year Balikatan (shoulder-to-shoulder) or joint military exercises to be participated in by 7,500 Filipino and Amer"
"how about po sa upcat:( aaaa i really want to pass up po  i also mightve forgotten smth hfhf  - sa "
"all my filipino friends are graduating "
" : JUSTICE FOR NEGROS 14! Sining UST strongly condemns the killing of the fourteen farmers in Negros Oriental yes"
"BAKER CHEF -filipino applicant "
"filipino time"
"HAHAHAHA THIS IS ALSO HOW I FEEL WHEN I TELL PPL I DONT LIKE TO EAT RICE THAT MUCH AND IM FILIPINO HAHAH "
"ATM  Attending Bata Boto Balota The 2019 Filipino Children's Agenda tackling the Children Situation in the Philippi "
"This year Balikatan (shoulder-to-shoulder) or joint military exercises to be participated in by 7,500 Filipino an "
"Am I the only one hyped about all these Filipino movies on Netflix"
" Enjoyed the Carson Daly episode watching with my girlfriend's handicapped, mentally ill, African America "
"Dalagang pilipina, pero bagsak Filipino subject "
" City Hall Manager Robert W. Healy's management, directors, councilors, #hr, personnel, solicitors, aff "
"In celebration of our Filipino heritage I am proposing new Internet lingo: of OMG, let's use DKP for Diyos Ko Po"
" : pleased to eannounce that all my posts will now be about the Filipino israeli defense force, which i have recently been fooled in"
"Awesome #Filipino #movie  Sundays on Netflix 2nd time watching this one! #ThankYou for the upload://t.co/yO4v8LOz7l"
"toxic filipino mentality "
"unpopular opinion: filipino food edition freaking dont like adobo"
" : This young Filipino photographer's photos explore solitude in a crowd "
"when will toxic filipino body shaming culture end?"
"dalagang pilipina ye sa filipino ye HAHAHAHAHA"
"Yooo....Everything About Her is probably the saddest Filipino movie I watched to date  tears of joy and sadness combined bruh"
"Make everything worthwhile  ://t.co/ykUoQPZRN3  #tagalogtravels #couple#travel #biyahe #lakbay #tagalog "
" : My filipino mom when she was pregnant: |              ||              ||               |                 |"
"Magpa-good vibes muna tayo sa mag-lola na ito. ^_^  Reminds me of my own cool Lola! &lt;3 "
" : hi fam! i'm selling copies of the little filipino food coloring book for $7! venmo me w your addy at malaka-gharib and i'"
" : We have remind Filipino voters everyday of the disaster that was Mar Roxas. We cannot afford to have this kind of politician"
" leave it to the filipino queen to spill the tea the very last minute lmao"
"Ano pang hinahanap-hanap mo? ? Tortang talong? We have it all!  all-time favorite Filipino meals, all "
" I didn't talk to them, but considering I was in Blacktown in a mixed race marriage to get Filipino "
" : Teaching my friend  how to eat like a #filipino "
" It a filipino mom thing.. me and my two siblings are on a low carb diet right now and my mom is comp "
"All I want is a cute filipino boyfriend who will smoke weed, watch anime, and eat me out and lives near me iS THAT "
" : 9 ang calltime pero 10 na wala parin. Filipino time nga naman   "
"hi hello kanang naay filipino movies sa 123movies?"
" filipino parents are a different breed i swear"
" : toxic filipino family traits pt. 2 bunso could never have:- opinions- attitudes- emotions- basically every karapatan th"
" : Filipino moms make a big deal about literally ANYTHING. "
" : Hi! We are looking for househusbands to be interviewd for our study: A Phenomenological Study on the Lived Experiences of Sel"
" :  still pinky promise?: "
" You're not a Filipino if you call something a meal that don't have rice lols jk"
"I think river will be one who will helped gain filipino's attention. :) I claim it right now. #mnl484thsingle"
"Sa ilang years na pagiging gc ng nanay ko nahonor din kapatid ko hay war shock lagi sa Filipino si Yssa e. "
"Di ko alam gagawin sa filipino puta"
"filipino culture"
" : ITS OFFICIALLY ENDGAME MONTH... "
"i need more filipino friends :("
"Sometimes, it makes me think that our country is hopeless. The only flicker of hope is from the fact that I am part "
" : En #FilipinasenelsigloXIX hab muchos habitantes distintos. vemos pescadores con varias artes de pesca, que eran su"
"twitter twitter lang while having filipino class "
"Now Happening: 10th ULAT BULILIT led by Salinlahi Alliance for Children's Concerns Bata, Boto, Balota, The 2019 Fil "
"   prestige and honor...because of Sven, so many Filipino Europeans and Filipino "
" : Popular Filipino singing trio  were surprised by  while singing And I Am Telling You I Not Goin"
" hahahahaha Filipino Grade 11?"
" : Better watch Eerie. The best filipino horror film I seen so far."
"Filipino restaurateur Nicole Ponseca nominated for James Beard Awards 2019 "
" Man filipino parents be like thaat."
" na Rate at lalong tataas pag Malaki ang Padala! Gamitin at Free Online Registration!  Pick- "
"Mabuhay brothers ---&gt; Yellowknife Filipino basketball league makes a comeback, with help of 2 men's sacrifice | CBC "
"Pinangunahan ng Komisyon sa Wikang Filipino (KWF) ang selebrasyon ng kaarawan ng manunulat na si Francisco 'Balagta "
" : TOXIC FILIPINO CULTURE ??? English is the basis of intelligence..."
"wao best in filipino rei HAHAHAHA kalamo talaga totoo e"
" daammmn. Some Filipino fans are toxic sometimes."
"small for being different. I even asked my mom to pack me different lunches and thinking about it now just makes me "
" : Dear Filipino Gay men,  you stop saying you're Bisexual to appear Manly. Gay guys can be Masculine or Feminine and T"
"As you can tell, aside from when I'm at the beach, I hate hot weather lolololol I have failed as a Filipino I'm sorry"
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant: |              ||              ||               |                 | "
"wala kami pt sa filipino Ahahhahahaha message ko kaya si maam sia ng:maam beach kaba? sayo kasi ako mag susummer "
"Tweet translated to Hungarian, Dutch, Filipino, Welsh, Chinese Simplified, German, Tahitian, Hindi, Dutch, Haitian "
"Pedro Calungsod was murdered at age 17. He is the second Filipino saint in Catholic faith; the first is Lorenzo Ruiz."
" : Filipino spaghetti &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;"
" : filipino queen* "
"I hate my filipino neighbor so much. They think they the shit or something. Like stfu and fix yo dumbass relationsh "
" : 'We're like the spice girls of theatre,' with a #Filipino twist  We could not have described the powerful womxn behind "
"Slowly but surely coming along. #omingskitchen #filipino #foodtruck #restaurant #vegasdining #vegaseats "
"  Weirdly having grown up in Echo Park in the 80 and 90 which was mostly Hispanic/Fili "
"as one annoyed filipino says: Nakakatawa yun? "
"Dalagang filipino, yeah... "
" : Filipino Captain medevaced after heart attack VIDEO "
"Filipino spaghetti &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;"
"9 ang calltime pero 10 na wala parin. Filipino time nga naman   "
" Nice. I heard the Tagalog. Looked up her name. French, Brazilian, Japanese, Filipino. One hell of a "
" : MOMOLAND - YEONWOO. WEARING OUR SIGNATURE EARING A GIFT BY A FILIPINO FAN TO HER#ManilaEncounters #MOMOLAND "
" : all Filipino men do is perm their hair and say the n-word"
"New Filipino spot Cebu debuts in Wicker Park  "
"#DomainNameForSale . . . Funny Filipina . . . Listed on "
"If you don know the struggle of doing this, you ain a true Filipino "
" : #iConf2019 Day2 Prof Dan Dorado  presenting our paper  Information Behavior of Filipino University Studen"
"gusto ko nang matapos clearance ko pero jusq nanganganib ako dun sa filipino"
"tsk. hanuna filipino pipol "
"lol filipino aunties/moms don give a shit "
"Best time to get injured is during a filipino party. why? Bc 99% of them time there will be about 20 nurses"
"i wish i was at a filipino night market rn "
"best in araling panlipunan, best in science, best in english, best in character education, best in math, best in ma "
"ALAM N'YO BA? ngayon ang ika-231 kaarawan ni Francisco Balagtas, kilalang Filipinong makata at may- "
" are y filipino?"
" : I wish I was fluent in Tagalog so bad. So I can actually feel like I Filipino too lol"
"  youre not proud to be fil anymore bc u dont eat a lot of rice like a true filipino  hahahahahaa "
"I wish I was fluent in Tagalog so bad. So I can actually feel like I Filipino too lol"
"y thinking xagustdick is not a filipino when he thought me filipino pick up lines that actually meant entirely different smh"
" : Toxic Filipino culture? Yung icocompare ka ng parents mo sa ibang tao... Like magaling din naman ako ah, wala lang talaga"
" : , may alok na unlimited free rides para sa Filipino Veterans mula April 5-11, 2019. Ito ay bilang pakikiisa s"
"filipino queen* "
"This is uniquely Filipino! Ang cute! "
"* naka 99 sa Filipino *Gumawa ng paraan para maging TAYO"
"being a weeb isnt a choice like being gay or filipino"
" Filipino Moms are really like that"
"Filipino time mga Ma'am Ser "
"Our Embutido (Filipino-style meatloaf) is packed with pickles, pimiento, and raisins. Enjoy it steamed, seared, fri "
" : If you ain't show respect for Nipsey I don't fuck with you period. "
"I would like to thank my filipino hair for staying curly all night long "
"Toxic Filipino trait: this "
"i need friends and i wanna socialize more, is there an open filipino or lgbt bts gc i can be added into :( "
"Bong Go stressed that he will push for laws that will benefit Filipino businesses especially those belonging to the "
"A Filipino cultural event April 2,2019 on campus #FoursquareFind  "
" : Today is the feast day of Saint Pedro Calungsod, second Filipino Saint  "
"bale, first time ko mag iinterview ng vietnamese na di din nag eenglish or filipino. Uhm, so pano ba"
"   It isn't NOLA, it's the places around NOLA.  the Central African cuisi "
"TFW your Filipino grocery delivery guy gives you props for ordering a bag of Jack  Jill Chippy. "
"THE SIMPLICITY OF FILIPINO SABUNGEROS "
"Morning after #AWP19 ended, I wrote 2000 words of a long poem that been gestating for a year. My goal is to finis "
"GC Highlight Video: A Game Changer is a respected leader within their field who has exceptional mental toughness "
" : That umiidlip na ako during exam sa Filipino"
"Whoever hates his life in this world keeps it safe for life everlasting. is the Feast Day of Saint Pedro Cal "
"Kung kelan dalawang pirma nalang kulang ko tsaka pa to nagpahirap filipino teacher ako jusmeyo"
"Yung kaklase mong baon ng baon ng filipino food! Last week tinapa! Ngayon giniling! Nakakainggit! Saksakin ko to eh. Lol!"
"So this Chinese envoy tells Filipino fisherfolks on limitations as to where they can earn their livelihood  in thei "
"While our editor said the trek was tough, the reward of meeting the friendly kids in Yangil Village, home to the in "
" LMAO right..  mom:  aren you eating rice Moe?:   I not in the mood for it my "
" gurl buying her a home is the most filipino thing uve done. hahahaha"
"In service of the Filipino people."
"Wala pa akong nauumpisahan sa Filipino ay."
" : true, this is what i dont get with local brands. why produce more shades on the lighter side kung andami dmaing morenang f"
": Question, if you were Filipino....: "
"   puppet may have given you permission to plunder our country and our resource "
" hahahaha teka nya sinong maam mo sa filipino nyo hahaha wag ako HAHAHAHA di mo ko kaya hahahah"
""
" : Q&amp;As and Fan Art Spotlight! which we talk about Filipino folklore, how Chimeras work, and the love habits of a centuries-o"
"We currently in the car going home and everyone just quiet and out of nowhere Kimo uses google translate to sa "
"guy at this filipino restaurant was flirting with me and elizabeth started yelling in excitement after we left"
"Toxic Filipino culture tao nga wala kablo sg bilog nga storya sila pa ang damo inug hambal kag damo inug chis "
" He was murdered along with Spanish Catholic missionary Diego Luis de San Vitores, who he accompanied i "
"On this day in 1672, Pedro Calungsod, a Filipino Catholic missionary catechist and sacristan, was murdered by Chamo "
"5.0 ako filipino sauna "
"Toxic filipino culture: cannot voice out your own opinion to your parents kay once mustorya ka and dili sila g "
"filipino parents stay using he/she pronouns towards ANYONE"
" Oh I remembered! There's also their Gordian Knot which sounds like a ensaymada and I'm sure other Filipino imports and such."
"'We're like the spice girls of theatre,' with a #Filipino twist  We could not have described the powerful womxn b "
"Why not participate in selling again...a good idea to practice conversation skills and filipino. I just might"
"OMAYGASH!!!! Filipino Uniterss labass!!! #PBB8BigIslandAdventure   "
" : Kung ikaw ay magiging Ms. Universe, anong motto mo?  i believe that filipino's divided by varied doctrines and cultures are"
" What we can do as volunteers is campaign door-to-door sa rural communities.://t.co/dCq1RAJP5c"
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant: |              ||              ||               |                 | "
" : Its a blessing to be a Filipino but a curse to be living in the Philippines"
"Filipino moms be like... "
" so mostly minions just talk about going down if Filipino language. "
"Filipino bookish community! San Julian Pride is trying to put together an LGBT+ mini-library! Send your donations t "
"bastusan grade ko sa filipino ah HAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHA"
"My man clearly announcing that he's a Filipino. I LOVE YOU LOTS BABY !!! Whoever know him, surely you know that he' "
"Typical Filipino stereotype: you approve some of this current administration's output DDS ka na. you agree "
"i mostly tweet in filipino"
" : #ANCRecap: Chinese Coast Guard have not left Scarborough Shoal despite pronouncements of President Duterte that Filipino fis"
" With China once again moving to take Filipino territory, it is time to turn up the volume on criticism "
"4 BACKLOGS, 3DAYS MAKE UP DUTY, RESEARCH SA FILIPINO, ACTIVITY SA NSTP BOOK, VIDEO SA IT ERA !!!!!!! Laban lang jud ta ani noh? "
"Dalagang Pilipina pero bagsak sa Filipino. Smh"
" : #FactsAboutFarmworkers: #LarryDulayItliong was a labor organizer who initiated the Delano grape boycott w/ a group of"
"Lakas ng loob maging English Grammar Nazi, pero 'pag sa Filipino, hindi pa rin alam ang pinagkaiba ng simpleng ng at nang. DUMB BITCH."
""
"It really be the Filipino moms saying this typa shit "
"how similar are we /100 !! - loves clc &amp; dreamcatcher - 2ne1&lt;3 - is a Babie PERIODDDDD - below 5'5 - "
"im gonna read the novel version of my favorite filipino film for my final filipino project i am livinggggg"
" : Filipino Humor in a nutshell "
"Today is the feast day of Saint Pedro Calungsod, second Filipino Saint  "
" Filipino ba si Ongina?"
"YOOHYEON STUDIED IN THE PHILIPPINES WHEN SHE WAS LITTLE???? MY FILIPINO ASS SJSBIANSJASNAK"
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant: |              ||              ||               |                 | "
" - cathoms- SEP FILIPINO- 30min jowa HAHAHAHA"
"I am Filipino and some of my distant ancestors were Spanish so I guess?"
"i love spending time with dad and glace watching filipino movies on netflix while criticizing it"
"Planning to read novels written by Filipino authors this month. "
"When I was trying to cut out rice my mom said  kind of Filipino are you?  "
" : if any of my bay area moots are interested, i performing at my school in a couple of weeks for my filipino-american club. hm"
"everywhere I go people ask me if I Filipino"
"What is it with filipino parents and grades?? Why do they expect us to get above 90 average some of us just don h "
"Where can I download filipino movies for free and waray virus?"
"Those saying that our entertainment industry lacks diversity are the ones hating and bashing Filipino artists for b "
"  YES. THE FILIPINO AUNTIE"
"sO BAKET PAG MAY GAGAWANG GDM LAGING MAY DALAGANG PILIPINA REQUIREMENT SKSKKSKS AHHAHAHAA PANO KAMI HUHU GAWA NA "
" : the fact that Liza, a famous filipino artist that even western artists have crush on (thevamps, justin, charlie puth), th"
"  that's filipino amigo"
"Toxic filipino mindset?-tinginan?  ISSUE-usap?  ISSUE-sabay?  ISSUE-ngitian?  ISSUE-ta "
"See, here the thing. I Filipino LOL "
"Di ka susuportahan sa mga ginagawa mo pero pag may na achieve na maganda saka magiging proud bigla. Tanginang toxic Filipino Mentality yan."
"    Presidente filipino baj un 70% la delincuencia en los prim "
"#MyPhBoy ctto  vid up on YT Jimboy Martin x Hashtag Kid Yambao://t.co/dI4gRzyGPR#pinoy "
"filipino time na filipino time aba hayst makaidlip nga muna"
" :  City: Filipino video game aims to connect players with local mythology "
"filipino elders: hoy sarado mo yung pinto !! lalabas yung lamig !! students of ph twitter tweeting on the sam "
"yo! sun is por da lite, da moon is por da nite, you por da rest ob my lipe.-Ancient Filipino Prover"
" : I must missed the memo... when the hell did Filipino movies on Netflix become so popular"
" I doooo im filipino"
"is Passion filipino or???"
"A very bad Filipino/human trait. You tell them good news, they tell you all the things that will go wrong and not a "
"Ohhh diba? Hindi lang puro ano yung natutunan ko sa possessive pati ibat ibang lenggwahe natutunan ko. HAHAHAHA. "
" I cringe but I also like damn.. I not Filipino "
"This young Filipino photographer's photos explore solitude in a crowd "
"ang sarap magtwitter sa filipino sub charrr"
"my filipino ass parents would never allow me to do this "
"9 am daw pero 9:17 am na wala pa  Hay Nako. Toxic Filipino Culture."
"Yez po opo wala po kameng mapapakita na research sa filipino mamaya kabado bente ho ako kase ako gumagawa non HAHAHAHA"
" : I find it such a toxic Filipino/Asian trait when parents have a pass to be rude and to disrespect you just because they"
"This one is for the cities outside Metro Manila. could a federalized Philippines mean for you? "
"nxndnsjs theres a developing rpg game based on philippine mythology by filipino game developers &amp;&amp;&amp;&amp; i cant help bu "
"tamang hula sa Filipino kanina. jusq easy bagsak"
"Oh sis  i s a p p o i n t m e n t's mom is like the peak of Filipino Mom "
"We generally don care if one Asian ethnicity plays another  i.e. a Filipino plays a Viet  if they only have to "
"why do i need to be a Filipino???  filipinos can be so nasty so not cool "
" Not Filipino but I also going alone  if you need company, let me know!"
"(Well...I mean... hundreds of years of colonization and whitewashing, but it sad) noses are so frkn cute"
"Sharing this for my students who plan on applying for recon in UP. , join Anakbayan, the League of Filipino S "
" you aint filipino if u dont kniw what the tabo is"
"El 1er libro de autor filipino fue Epigrammata (Sampaloc, 1766), de Bartolom Saguins, cura de Quiapo: un elogio "
" Tara por um filipino "
"Why do the Filipinos not like Filipino noses I do not understand"
" !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ya!!!!!!!! i dont know an ounce of tagalog and my extent of filipino culture pr much "
"See. All Filipino moms. Jo Koy is accurate.  has a fever and what does my mom say??? "
"Dalagang Pilipina pero bagsak sa Filipino"
"Ang init naman*: because of climate change: sorry ang hot ko kasi"
"Facts that one Filipino aunty will point out "
"My parents ate the arroz caldo I made.  I feel so Filipino.  "
"Watch: Why Los Angeles Has the Most Exciting Filipino Food in America "
"my mom said  nose, put vicks  filipino way"
"Facts: but if your that Filipino Aunty this is the list of things they will point out. "
" : After watching Eerie I never thought I could hate hallways, bathroom cubicles, matches, and mirrors more than I already did."
"ABS-CBN and GMA 7 said that they've been conducting mandatory drugs tests on their employees  including celebrity "
" : PH Embassy Conducts Cultural Briefing for Singaporean Primary School Counselors:  "
" I-Hope, II-Honesty, III-Generosity and IV-Justice ko.  Sir Taton kami. Pero si Ma Lally akon teacher sa Filipino."
"   Typed  wiki just to check if he's Filipino,but he's not  "
" :   filipino, fiest, fiesta#MaineForMACStudioFix Mendoza l "
" Napakadali namang sagutin yan sir kahit sino sa mga tumatakbo basta hindi TEAM CHINA, walang histor "
"How good can Kai Sotto be? 7'2 Filipino wunderkid truly has a high ceiling, but he needs to work on these area "
"hanu ba talagaaaaa??? us2 ko naman mag BsEd major Filipino"
" Oh man i can totally understand this feeling! Im half filipino half white too and i barely learned any "
"Saint Martin's Pacific Islanders Club (PACI) and Filipino Heritage Club (FHC) are hosting the We Are Here: Family N "
"He was murdered along with Spanish Catholic missionary Diego Luis de San Vitores, who he accompanied in his ministr "
"#April2 | On this day in 1672, Pedro Calungsod, a Filipino Catholic missionary catechist and sacristan, was murdere "
"okay bawing bawi naman ang filipino "
" :  Hi  you please try reacting to a Filipino girl group 4th Power/4th Impact Raise the roof with Jess"
" : From being a tiny Filipino boy playing Pok Blue on a Gameboy to dancing with Ludicolo in real life as an adult, I c"
" GRABE DIWANG FILIPINO NATIN JAN HAHAHAHAHA"
"Ako tayo wika nati'y Filipino ang balat ko totoo! ko lmg yung first stanza ng sabaya "
"My  lecture is happening this Wed., April 3, 5-6:30pm at : #Nursing and #migration in "
" : More than 7,000 Filipino and American forces began their 35th joint military exercises on Monday as militants linked to Daesh"
"Oooooh you're learning Filipino??? "
"On several occasions, we written about wives of our patients who have been dutifully accompanying their husbands "
"More than 7,000 Filipino and American forces began their 35th joint military exercises on Monday as militants linke "
" KSKFKS it means filipino"
"i love my filipino boys  "
"Nicotine addiction, early sex and pregnancies, underage alcoholism, edible and drug consumption, ditching countless "
" : My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 |"
"That umiidlip na ako during exam sa Filipino"
"Also this is actually Taglish, not Tagalog, nor Filipino."
" Toxic filipino culture "
"Bacolod Tay Tung High School (BTTHS) continued to dominate the Filipino-Chinese Amateur Athletic Federation Track a "
"filipino moms be like hahahaha "
" wait.... you're a filipino? "
" i was gonna say how u expect me to take u to a filipino resto and then have me explain to them u dont e "
" : Migrante Alberta, an advocacy organization for Filipino migrant workers, is raising money to build the province first"
"I must missed the memo... when the hell did Filipino movies on Netflix become so popular"
" of the most sincere forms of respect is actually listening to what another has to say.  H. McGill "
"cant have NO TYPE of nice clothing in a filipino household cause someone is always frying tuyo or jeprox"
"So ayon. 9 usapan para daw 10 andun na lahat. What is Filipino Time "
"27. Darker... i'm really pale for a filipino and sometimes i feel even more of an outsider than i already am to the culture :("
"Yesterday was the anniv. of biggest joke in Kidapawan history. That scuffle that the Leftists marketed as the 'Kida "
"TOXIC FILIPINO CULTURE PAGNAKITA KANG MAY KASAMANG BABAE GIRLFRIEND MONA HAYS"
" : A time will come, as sure as the sun rises from the east and sets in the west, when those who have persecuted Ressa and"
"This Filipino store at the back-road of Delap, sells the most delicious Lumpias and I also love their Fried Crispy Chickens "
" : If you Filipino, your cousins are your brothers and sisters"
"Dalagang pilina daw bagsak naman sa filipino"
"#IShouldProbablyPointOut that it's okay to speak to me in Tagalog/Filipino because I can understand. LOL. Just do n "
"Hey, Romano. The Filipino people are not giving you P7,000 a month and free tuition for you to be 30 minutes to eve "
"Craving for Liempo, Lechon, Seafoods, Jollibee Meal. Any Filipino foods. "
" :   just saved the filipino horror film industry kudos to you out of all the filipino horror film that ive wa"
"we best friends if u also love my favorite filipino journalist"
", may alok na unlimited free rides para sa Filipino Veterans mula April 5-11, 2019. Ito ay bilang pa "
"SINO DI PUMASOK NG FILIPINO "
"A time will come, as sure as the sun rises from the east and sets in the west, when those who have persecuted Ress "
"a filipino WOULD do this lol "
"Have you ever been in a talent show?  I don't have a talent, so...... no........ "
"Croc Filipino Police caught in action WATCH "
" : My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 |   hi guys"
" :  Hello Coach  Can you please react to a Filipino girl group on Wish 107.5 Lounge I'll be there(Jackson 5)"
" the moment i stopped believing in god i stopped being a Filipino"
" :  Hello  you Plz react to a Filipino Sisters sings NEVER ENOUGH |  4TH IMPACT Cover "
" :  Hi Can you please try reacting to a Filipino girl group 4th Power/4th Impact Raise the roof with Jes"
" :  Hi, Would you please try reacting to a Filipino girl group 4th Power/4th Impact Raise the roof with Jes"
" : *Filipino parents -., let be more creative....Maria Cristina."
"Minsan parang hindi na din nakakaproud maging Filipino, kung ganto yung ibang tao. "
" :  Would you please try reacting to a Filipino girl group 4th Power/4th Impact Raise the roof with Jessie J"
"Looks like China is feeling the heat from Del Rosario/Carpio/Filipino fishermen complaint filed at  . "
"Filipino who support Duterte and Painted their cars just to show full su... "
"Filipino inventor successfully created Water fueled motors "
" : With or without?  #pinoy #asian #filipino #philippines #gay #follow #love #instagood #igers #photography #like #trav"
"Stress ako sa Filipino a"
" Yun lang  Kaunti lang mga maganda sa Wattapd na Filipino books (for me). Yung English books nila mag "
" Hi. You can also include flat tops. Filipino teachers in TH usually give this to their students."
" : I been more absent these days on twitter but wanted to thank all on here who shown this mixed Filipino kid, who was c"
"With or without?  #pinoy #asian #filipino #philippines #gay #follow #love #instagood #igers #photography #like "
"   Lol she meant that he so proud of being Filipino that he mentions it everyday "
"we kinda talked once but it okay. you really sweet!! also it kinda cool that you a filipino and that you "
"Rewatching  The Ballad of Donkey Doug &amp; it still strikes me how the ep features 3 Filipino dudes "
"i wish i had more filipino friends here in LA. they all back in san diego "
" Almost as good as my drunk dad going to see Pocahontas in theatres with my sister and screaming  no "
" How about a Filipino? "
" ur messing with a filipino mom, she never gna let that shit GOOOO"
"Same here hate explaining my problem to An indian or Filipino on the phone .im not racist but prefer good old aussi "
"Filipino Bayanihan "
" mukha lang filipino AHAHAHAHAHA"
"Ako may asawa filipino yeh!!! MARISXRICOBLANCO"
" akala ko filipino si jujubee AHAHAHAHA si ravenn yay fierce biath kinda reminds me of nina flowers"
"They need to start making Filipino urban scary tales type movies directed by James Wan. I sure it be hitters"
"April 2 has been and always be a special day for me!. Optional Memorial of St. Pedro Calungsod, the 2nd Filipino "
" this fake filipino stench "
"If you Filipino, your cousins are your brothers and sisters"
"hey  please check out Aus based Filipino duo  and  who operate an unregistered propagand "
" : There is no saint who is in hell.  Filipino proverb [29763]"
"Adobong Kangkong. Water Spinach stewed in vinegar and soy sauce - a Filipino recipe#reallife "
" : In New Zealand ethnicity in most polls: M European Islands M Pacific Islander"
" congrats ba pero tanginang filipino yan"
" : Wow 2 generations of Filipino beauty. My grandma &amp; my mom  "
"A look at the inspiring work of talented Filipino artists with autism or special needs "
"nganong ga steal man jud ug beat ning  ubang filipino artist uy. rip to dalaga by arvey."
"Wow 2 generations of Filipino beauty. My grandma &amp; my mom  "
"Kung may GOAT sila sa basketball, sa surfing, hockey etc. Dapat proud tayo kasi may Filipino GOAT... Efren  "
" Kaon ug tahop para maka filipino! Hahaha"
"Filipino time is a BITCH"
"My Filipino heart is squealing!!!  I never knew I needed this. Sorry, but out of the way strawberry nails! Also w "
" your major you filipino "
"English speaking lang kami, we're sosyal you know kita ng UP Diksiyonaryong Filipino para sosyal you know ..."
"Instead of putting the welfare of our Filipino fishermen at the forefront and asserting the Philippines rightful c "
"Opposition Senator Leila M. de Lima has slammed the Duterte administration for dissuading Filipino fishermen from r "
"Bogo nag english bogo pagyud ug Filipino exit nlang ko padung ani kbye."
"hehelo ako sa filipino exam sis"
" Hindi ko alam kung anong language ka nagsusulat pero kung Filipino, pwede ka magtry ng Sertipiko sa Mal "
"You aint Filipino bitch  Hahahahah "
"In New Zealand ethnicity in most polls: M European Islands M Pacific "
" : Today's top stories on #CNNPHNewsroom with  | LIVE "
"Pasi na bing sge rakag ka late da filipino time kayo! "
"Filipino food supremacy "
" : So niadto diay mig filipino store sa fort washington para mubisita and magpalit og mga groceries, naa na sila sa US pero n"
"Let's hope that this man can get all the help that he needs, and with that, he can go home safely after. "
"An Untold Triumph The Story of the 1st &amp; 2nd Filipino Infantry Regiments U S Army &gt;&gt; "
"the love i have for filipino indie bands &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;"
" : The DFA is requesting for information of the next-of-kin of a Mr. Richard Soriano, a Filipino suffering from amnesia wh"
"Dalagang Pilipina, pero bagsak sa Filipino yeah"
"Bro. I almost choked into another realm hearing  roast The dude smelling on the old Filipino lady.  he was on a roll today."
" :   "
"Filipino crab mentality "
"Filipino time amp"
"filipino kids knows this is the end of conversation thats it "
"Some Manila parents think it's classy if their little kids, born and raised in the Philippines, are fluent in Engli "
"true, this is what i dont get with local brands. why produce more shades on the lighter side kung andami dmaing mor "
"Nakita ko ulit yung bible verse na pinagbatayan ko nung spoken ko sa filipino dati. Nakakaxad"
"Beijing had been embolden by the  of Filipino forces to react to probing tactics by Chinese vessels, and "
" : My mom, on the phone: then G as in garlic, and I as in ice cream. Like, Gigi   moms &amp; the way they spell"
"And for the first time, the federal government will accept Tagalog for the 2020 Census. Monterey County has histori "
"hanggang sa panaginip ko, yung mga kagroup ko sa filipino inaasikaso ko. "
"top 5 filipino movies? :)  in no particular order: '81  sisters and a wedding '70 "
"How Filipino families react when you tell them you vegetarian... "
"   I Filipino but I live in the US."
" : our current government is doing nothing to protect our Filipino fishermen, and to exercise our rights over the islands o"
"Nakakahiya na maging Filipino ha? Nakakadiri kayo. "
" : CONGRATULATIONS!'s Primetime Action Queen -  - Gawad Filipino Natatanging Filipina sa Larangan ng Pag-"
" : First ever Filipino to walk in the Victoria Secret Fashion Show!!! Kelsey Merritt everyone  Ang ganda ganda nya huhuhu"
"Imagine your privacy being violated because your relatives comes into your room when you're not around. They even h "
"Pinangunahan ng Komisyon sa Wikang Filipino (KWF) ang selebrasyon ng kaarawan ng manunulat na si Francisco 'Balagta "
"filipino jokes hit different"
"I guess, China promised a lot of things to Duterte that gives our President so much comfort to give away everything "
"  Most poppin' Filipino spot:  House. They have balut.#ChirpChirp "
"the most filipino thing to say "
"Filipino Tobby"
"funny how I switch languages sometimes when I speak english I blurt out filipino words lmao and when I speak filipi "
"#CitizenServices is the Filipino access to diverse information on civil registration, passport application, and o "
"toxic Filipino culture: "
"My mom, on the phone: then G as in garlic, and I as in ice cream. Like, Gigi   moms &amp; the way they spell things man "
" waiting for the day I can watch classic Filipino films. Yung mga Flor Contemplacion, Himala, Bulaklak n "
""
"Person: Are you Chinese?: No: Are you Mexican?: No: Are you Korean?: No: So what are "
"Filipino parents are dramatic haha  "
"Relax lang anay Filipino time man ah"
" atleast sya..me na achieve na..kayo ba?! best sample of a toxic filipino"
" : I would like to hear a PUBLIC PRESS RELEASE regarding your thoughts and opinions regarding this topic.  after al"
" Yung sa research filipino edition"
"five things i cant live w/o:-music: my headphones-filipino food-acceptance-freedom of expression-family"
"  "
"Excuse me. Siguraduhin mong magaling ka sa lahat ng bagay bago ka umasta ng ganyan. Dae mo puwedeng kaulayon ning a "
"me trying to spend KOALA TEA TIME with my mother, hey want kind of filipino movie u wanna watch??: o sorry im w "
" Yes the shorten word for that is Filipino haha"
"This filipino time is sooooo freaking stupid. My appointment is at 8am and the patient before me is scheduled at "
"sounds filipino as fuck "
" Oh shoot - you're right...you were the first Filipino!"
"Today at work I'm going to be trying out some Filipino dishes. I'm looking forward to! Some will be me trying "
" : Rocking out to their first Wish Bus performance, up-and-coming Filipino rock act Jose Carlito dropped their freshest tracks "
"        Sound "
" : Tickets are live for our brunch this Sunday, April 7th at 11:30am. For this event, we're preparing one of our fave brunch di"
"Today's top stories on #CNNPHNewsroom with  | LIVE "
" Filipino moms be like that though."
" : hmmmm sure! i havent done this before but i never been particularly shy about it, SO! #TransDayOfVisibility! i a fi"
"Pork Dinuguan Recipe by #PinoyRecipeAtIbaPa://t.co/ltgHIpdHrV.#FilipinoRecipes #PinoyRecipes "
"Can you answer this? Taiwan proof of funds for Filipino visa exempt tourist #travel"
" THERE A CATHOLIC PRIEST WHO YOUNG AND FILIPINO IN THIS SHOW?! I love it so much."
" I not ashamed of being South American. I proud of it. South American crowds are the loudest, a "
"  Filipino dream couple: nurse and military"
" : I was just trynna jam to my Filipino anthem  #spookystripper "
" filipino card revoked!!!"
" Omg. Yall should be ashame to us filipino fans see for urself. ://t.co/rAZoZSgFhs"
" : Nevada Legal Services is partnering with UNLV and the Filipino Veterans Group to offer FREE tax preparation and legal assistan"
" Complicado ese tema de la mezcla del pastuso + ecuatoriano = Filipino con ruana chateti rojo"
"Some days I look really Filipino and other days I just look really Spanish... never both "
"good morning to all filipino kpop stans who passed their CETs!!! if u passed upcat it's a trap charot"
"I'm at Casino Filipino HBC "
"filipino moms rly be like this tho "
" Lupus isn't a cancer, and the progression of public policy from Roxas to present (including PRRD) shows th "
"Toxic Filipino Mentality:  third ka nalang? Diba first ka noon?"
" but what about the filipino elon musk dream"
" :    I am proud of these boys for becoming the country's youngest sold-out con"
"Read the essay by 2018 ANAK Liwayway Scholarship recipient Sabrina Paras in the latest issue of Pilipino Express on "
"Filipino radio just never fails to surprise... this morning they have people calling in to tell about their experiences going to jail "
"asian moms esp filipino moms  "
" #ANCEarlyEdition Panelo: PH &amp; Chinese gov't have agreed to allow Filipino fishermen in West PH Sea."
"Ya know how frustrating it can be trying to explain shit to your Filipino parents?  telling a tita who SIDE SW "
" : i still cant believe i passed upcat  wala gud nako nahuman ang language proficiency and filipino tests and nag guessing game"
""
" : FILIPINO BLINKS!!!! #KILLTHISLOVE will be released on Thursday at 11 PM  Please please pleaseee stay up late for the pinks"
" #ANCEarlyEdition Panelo: Both Chinese and PH government will investigate alleged harassment of Filipino fishermen."
"i too american for filipinos, and too filipino for americans... i was born in the philippines, raised in the US, "
"O alam na sino ang matalino tss #rottweiler #rottweilerpuppy #rottweilersofinstagram #rottweilerpuppies #dogstagram "
" : Check out Empire of Care: Nursing and Migration in Filipino American History  taking place on Wednesday, 4/3 "
" : Fherna and I tried the hidden Filipino restaurant in Pike Place and it felt like home, I cried "
"Thankyou, Lord! High Honor Awardee Performance in Specific Discipline "
"Filipino time is real!"
"I don't know why but when I watch filipino romantic movies I also relate and cry after the movie"
"Kiat, Tabian og Sabaan pero ni Graduate  for everything . F. Toto of Secondary Edu "
"i think i'm starting to fall in love with the filipino rap scene"
" : even if i don end up living the life of my dreams, i would rather die trying anyway."
" : always trust that there is a purpose behind your challenges."
" : Never forget who helped you when everyone else was making excuses."
" : Get God's plan before making your own plans."
"Lonely Planet catches ire of Filipino netizens for video saying Chinese built Banaue Rice Terraces "
" "
" filipino moms are dramatic"
"haysss wala nako aral sa filipino,  bagsak din naman chosss"
" Filipino moms"
" : Through God, you can accomplish anything. Keep the faith."
"Sorry not sorry, malagot jud kog pabebe ui "
"...and i not talking about his fandom  it a filipino thing "
"Please help me hide my Filipino accent "
" : Senator Sherwin Gatchalian said the government must ensure that Filipinos are prioritized in the hiring of workers in t"
" MY MOM WOULD SAY THAT I WAS TRYING TO BE FILIPINO  jk that didn happen"
"a filipino mom indeed "
" ok but I still convinced we gonna get married n have cute Filipino babies"
"wala na akong pinasok na maaga sa filipino hahahahahahahahahahahahaha"
"me: imma get this body right for the summer   filipino grandparents everytime i step half a toe through the fr "
" :  Filipino Swifties. Let's follow each other. "
" tata's earthly cousin tintin.  u filipino u know "
"Galing niyo magsalita tapos bobo naman pala kayo sa math.  Filipino Culture at it again will never be fr "
"#AprilTTRPGmaker 1. Heya~ I'm Joaquin and I love Filipino History and Culture! I live in high tech, low life Quezon "
" Typical Filipino fam hahaha"
"Yung ang aga mong nagising pero tinatamad kang pumasok kasi alam mong may Filipino na naman ngayon ;(("
" it is easy to dismiss one who has little if any historical perspective....like name the first filipino coun "
" : The five years I've been writing &amp; promoting Asian, and specifically Filipino talent in the U.S., did you know there is"
"If you are filipino you might know it because its in your backyard lol, the malunggay tree is known to be the mirac "
"Filipino time as Always :("
" : What to expect during National Filipino Food Month "
"i almost got ran over by a filipino lady texting in the drive thru"
"Making statements nowadays are hard...  Thanks to the LGBT, Feminist, Atheists and Fucking Filipino Trolls. Yes I'm "
" : What is your go-to Filipino comfort food? | #CNNPHNewsNight "
"Pamilya Ordinaryo / Ordinary People (2nd Review, 3rd Viewing) retrospective "
" : At least 100 U.S.  volunteers have been trained to facilitate leadership workshops that aim to teach 6,000 Fili"
"Taas sana ng grades nyo sa filipino kung dun nyo nilalagay yung talino nyo sa pag gawa ng tula hindi dyan sa kagagu "
"Happy Fiesta San Pedro Calungsod, Martyr &amp; Patron of the Filipino Youth. "
"Fck nalimutan ko gawin assignment ko sa Filipino "
" Filipino empanada &gt; Chamoru empanada"
" tell that to my four filipino sons who btw the way ALL attend public school"
" : hi mga incoming freshman!! uwu sumali na agad kayo ng mass organizations (anakbayan, league of filipino students, gabrie"
"Tickets are live for our brunch this Sunday, April 7th at 11:30am. For this event, we're preparing one of our fave "
"Filipino restaurateur Nicole Ponseca nominated for James Beard Awards 2019 "
"#saskatchewan #smalltown #smalltownsaskatchewan #hair "
"   Hahahahaha iba talaga kase kapag filipino eh "
"filipino moms in a nutshell: "
" I found you guys in an all time low Filipino fans group on facebook. Someone posted about you and that's "
"IT'S OUR BIHDAY!!!!!! (How to eat the Filipino way) "
"How funny na mostly in a filipino family setting na kung di doctor, lawyer, or engineer ang plans mo parang wala ka lang. "
"   Feeldaneed2share dis, im filipino and we filipinos learn english since we're abou "
"  If you do the multicultural fusion cuisine, I'd love to try those recipes!!! We had a lot "
"My blog is "
" : To all of my legal-aged friends, Please vote for Mr. Diokno. I am somewhat a teen political critique and I really see ho"
" Explain them the important details of your research, and answer them in English if their questions are "
"On my opinion eerie was really good if you'll base sa improvement ng Filipino horror film from the effects, sounds, "
" "
" For every filipino or filipina you see with a scrub you get 25cents"
"   Awww :( tiwala la lang, ipagdarasal kita na sana magkaroon ka ng day 1 tix "
"my brother said i just shamed my filipino ancestors for saying kawaii"
"Filipino mothers are literally certifiable. "
" LMFAOOOO omg should I be that Filipino auntie tho... I could be a redneck too or even a fancy British prostitute"
"The Chinese ambassador made statements on the situation in Pag-asa Island that are likely to raise eyebrows. Here a "
" : Chief Justice Cantil-Sakauye talks about the  history and strength of California's labor movement. Each generation ch"
"My girl black and filipino, she said  niggahpino"
"Kuyaw ming mga Filipino oy. Kung dili gani ma late, laaatt sayo kaayo oy HAHAHAHAHA"
"defense sa filipino?"
" : With   Clues &amp;   showing Filipino faces, &amp; with   having an"
" : Ngayon ko lang napanood ang MMK ni  nakakaiyak  Very inspiring story ni Judith. Sana starting from now mawawa"
"Most filipino thing ever "
" : You could be doin everything in the world but if you got Filipino parents and your house ain clean you ain doing shit"
"one of those toxic Filipino mindset."
"how similar are we!!  pts: filipino pts: exclusively watches anime pts: not straight pts: BOKUTO STAN "
" : Binatang Filipino Challenge ala Androre. NO SOUND #LOUDREonBring8on "
" : eerie is the scariest filipino horror movie i've ever watched "
"I have also had a conversation with our dearest Filipino friends. At first we didn't know that we are at the same c "
"Fherna and I tried the hidden Filipino restaurant in Pike Place and it felt like home, I cried "
"Multistreaming with We live in interesting times. "
"Woooooo makahappy akong grado sa Filipino! Nakasangit kog 85 wahahahaha. Duha nalang ka subject, kita ng katag! "
"It's the epitome of Filipino comfort food! Here's chef Marlyn Canja's Chicken Adobo with Gata recipe on What's for "
"WATCH: Eagle News International Filipino Edition  April 02, "
"Eerie: Best Filipino Horror Movie  "
" every filipino lang ako tulo laway HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHA"
" aaaaaa hi zai!!! naaalala ko pa yung first encounter natin, nung gr 5. yung contest sa filipino HA "
"  Who is Khalis? Do you have a source I can read please? thoughts on 9/11 'mastermind' "
" : New Frontier Theater is ready for the tour Carpenters are ready for the tour ready for the to"
"I been working hard for my family since I was 12. I think I deserve the time I get off. And she does! "
" : My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||                |    Ang        | magbabal"
" omg,,, this is in filipino DKSJDJSJDJS"
" Filipino artist "
"#ThisIsUs #WeAreOne was the message at a peace and solidarity event from a local Filipino church one week after the "
"GIANT TUNA TAIL &amp; Filipino Food Tour in Davao Philippines, DURIAN CAPITAL ...how can one eat so much... "
" : In 1965, mainly Filipino workers organized the Delano Grape Strike. The striking workers were joined by Cesar Chavez &amp; t"
" : FIRST ISSUE WITH 3 COVERS FEAT NADINE: In our special summer issue, Nadine Lustre  shares how she faced her insecurities"
"Good writing day because researching the history of karaoke aka  one music originated by Filipino overseas m "
"toxic filipino culture is kahit wala kang ginagawa, ii-issue ka nila oras mainggit sila sa'yo."
"   It's out turn filipino bros"
"   I kinda doubt it knowing how crooked your party is. Your party has got potent "
"So proud of Filipino women in hijab   "
"deeply appreciate this brilliant &amp; potent episode of : #Decolonization for Filipino-Americans. "
"   Si la naturaleza nos lo permite, estuvieron escasos en esta cosecha y la m "
" Filipino fans here"
"Representation of how dramatic Filipino moms/grandmas are "
" Filipino parin tayo."
"having a hard ass time supporting myself in college being the first-generation in a filipino family "
"filipino grandmas are the best "
"I always pass up the rice at home and my mom always gives me a look and says . Every time. Filipino kids will "
"*dan nainan voice* I half filipino and half italian so I get my spaghetti from jollibee"
"Filipino card revokedt "
"   Black folk know about Dr. Sebi. white family members nor my Filipino ones k "
"  She's Puerto Rican, not Filipino. Kind of the difference between a gnat and Monarch Butterfly."
" The Filipino creepy guy?"
"filipino clubs aren just a once a week/once a month typa deal! they are gateways to learning more about our histo "
"What meat-and-potatoes dish cooks fast? My #InstantPot #Filipino Pork Menudo cooks in half the time. And you get te "
"Btw,i have Filipino blood in me and im not trying to be judgmental but i just observed a big cultural difference be "
" : remember when ji chang wook went on vlive before his enlistment and greeted his filipino fans?  "
" Best Filipino horror movie for me so far. Sulit mga jumpscares eh hahaha"
"im SICK of filipino boys with perms"
"Meet the LECHON DIVA of the Philippines - FILIPINO FOOD Boodle Fight! "
"geo ong is very underrated filipino artist"
"Bruno Mars, is mixed with Filipino?"
" filipino moms be like that sometimes and i guess that made them special :)))"
"FILIPINO RESTAURANT IN DUBAI/ #pwestuhanrestogrill "
"Mod Appreciation:, our resident Filipino Moderator is up and rolling on his new PC.  "
" :  Atapang sa Filipino atakot sa Tsino"
"#IShouldProbablyPointOut that for $5 I can send you a 20 page cookbook of Filipino recipes that  and I pu "
"  She's Puerto Rican...I think of her as a very basic life form that I speak slowly to. If she w "
"I get told by plenty of Filipinos that I not Filipino because I don eat certain Filipino foods. Some of them I "
"  And Sayyaf employing #KSM from 1988-92? training Ramzi Yousef, the 1993 WTC bomber "
"  No she won't. She's not Filipino. They've been independent from the US since 1946 and can run c "
"According to my workmate,  was an upgraded Filipino horror movie. I got so intrigued but I really don want "
"if any of my bay area moots are interested, i performing at my school in a couple of weeks for my filipino-americ "
" : I am a Filipino - hindi ako amerikano, hindi ko makabisado. hmp"
" You're Puerto Rican, not a successful Filipino so you don't understand much of anything."
"    This is so cool!!! She tells vicious jokes . I like her. "
"I thought meeting Filipino people would be good for me. Like, i thought they were like us islanders, you know every "
"  Filipino timeeee kapag 8am, 9am kayo pupunta sooo ayan kasi kung 9am ko sinabi, 10 kayo pupunta gets?"
" I don even resemble what people think my last name looks like, but I proud AF to be . Keep rocking your Filipino pride"
"I visited 4 ships today &amp; took 3 Indians &amp; a Filipino ashore. I also sorted through all the Sunday school material "
"Putangina ng nga tao. How disgusting it is to call myself a Filipino when our fellow countrymen are like this. "
"you know whats so weird? i dont really know the characteristics of filipino american culture. Huh"
"Hindi nga pala ako nagmamano sa mama ni Zyd kasi I thought na Catholic thing lang yun and baka bawal sakanila kasi "
"Filipino moms make a big deal about literally ANYTHING. "
"Filipino moms are the most dramatic people I ever met "
" The moment i stopped attending family holidays was the moment i stopped being filipino "
"Filipino Association Gets New President And Council "
"Filipino moms be like..... "
" secret to Filipino food  "
"Hala sige, magtest tayo nang di nakapagreview especially yang kinginang filipino yan "
" You literally bring up being Filipino at least once a day"
"The ANC Brief: Limits for Filipino fishermen "
"My moms really trying to tell me I not proud to my Filipino anymore..... because I didn want to eat rice... like what ..."
"TYPHOON NEWS: Church charity steps in to aid disaster-hit Filipino farmers Some 3722 hectares of land are - ucanews "
"Why am i dressed like a typical filipino from the LA lol.. also catch me w a scrub tmrw :)"
"#MyPhBoy ctto 5 sexy Yosu fine ://t.co/iO2kgDlBmL my accounts ig/tw  fb "
", , I almost forgot to send this. These are the terms and conditions from a standard em "
"filipino fam: what's your major?: literature and writing studies: are you going to be a teacher? wh "
"The ANC Brief: Limits for Filipino fishermen: The Chinese ambassador made statements on the situation in Pag-asa Is "
"Filipino spaghetti tonight oh yes "
"Kayi filipino time neee HAHAHAH"
" Exactly. I really think Filipino mostly yung mali ko then right minus wrong pa"
"catch me lovelettering filipino spaghetti on tumblr because y'all fuckers ain't never tasted anything like it I swear to god"
"I wanna be shown off , not on no fairy tale shit ,  I just want unconditional solid love ."
"I just wanna be happy loved and supported . "
"MANILA, Philippines  Filipino teen golfer Yuka Saso will be looking to extend her Asian domination when she tees i "
"Shy  LIKE FILIPINO GUYS BUT NOT THE GAGO BASTOS KIND"
"  I,   Filipino American and my fellow people of color with different race, "
" Hay  nga standards pero mas napahubog naman ang mga estudyante na mas matuto sa pagsusulat sa Filipino "
" :    Debt. Cnu mas maraming inutang sa China at ibang bansa pero puro palpak na proyekto ang g"
"You could be doin everything in the world but if you got Filipino parents and your house ain clean you ain doing shit "
" the truest filipino beliefs come to life"
"(that the one with the pink hair for the non stans shes an amazing rapper and dancer she half filipino she ad "
"hi help me figure out what research project to do for the quarter: 1: boba density and health effects in th "
"Modern Vernacular Spaces: Reinventing Spatial Planning for an Average-sized Filipino Famili in Malibay, Pasay City  "
"Latest News Plus:Filipino, US troops start annual exercise amid Bei... "
"Everytime I meet a Filipino online  just   love Filipinos , and yeah im filipino myself"
"My nationality is Austrian but my ethnicity is Filipino : D "
" : here are some vv good Filipino artists u should listen to Lights Huang Lopez"
" : We don't often speak of it in these terms, but the Second World War in the Philippines was the bloodiest event ever to occu"
"Mbn "
"Latest News Plus: Filipino, US troops start annual exercise amid Bei... "
"Filipino art, according to Junyee Enano Yee Jr. is a pioneering figure in the installation art movement in the "
" : 2 more nights. Filipino fans get ready!!!  "
" : ahhhhh I love my Filipino gang  "
" you're filipino? do you speak tagalog?"
"Never had a father in my life , so best believe i will give my child/children a healthy family . And the father of "
"You DO NOT have to be Filipino to be in one. I repeat, YOU DO NOT have to Filipino. "
"toxic filipino family traits pt. 2 bunso could never have:- opinions- attitudes- emotions- basically every "
" : Eerie is one of the few Filipino horror films that I really liked. May hints pa of mental health awareness. Hindi lahat ng"
" :  Mr. Soriano next-of-kin are requested to immediately coordinate with the DFA through the Office of the Unders"
"filipino pride  "
"  Then lets ask our chinese-filipino community abt this?"
"Edici Limitada, #perfume #sampaguita para #mujer. En #filipino significa #jazm, aroma  y llamativo. Provie "
"What if we also do this to them who puts up businesses like China Food City in the south? "
"FILIPINO MALLS IN THE PHILIPPINES ARE INSANE!!! "
"#RoceleeSheldon 1K  SUBSCRIBERS APPRECIATION GIVEAWAY - FILIPINO AIST IN AMERICA "
"OK SO KAGIGISING KO AND 4:00 ANG IN-ALARM KO PARA MAG REVIEW NG FILIPINO PERO PUKE SAYANG NANAMAN ANG PINANG-PRINT KO LINTIK!"
"This one-woman show of magic and mind reading is the true story of how Filipino American magician, Maritess Zurbano "
" : Let's stop the stigma about HIV by spreading factual information about it. of HIV Infection (Sulat sa Wikang Filipin"
" : Tired of trying to explain how I feel to you"
"I purchased a Filipino cookbook because whenever my mom showed me how meals were prepared she would always add a bu "
" Samedt puke sayang pina print ko sa FILIPINO langya hahaha"
" Isss da inner Filipino in u"
" Nurhaci turned into a Filipino?????"
" : Everybody is asking how the phony and fraudulent investigation of the No Collusion, pleased to "
"ahhhhh I love my Filipino gang  "
" : I would like to see PH courts to mete imprisonment &amp; fines to Filipino &amp; foreign priests committing sex crimes. Chile c"
"#iConf2019 Day2 Prof Dan Dorado  presenting our paper  Information Behavior of Filipino Universit "
"During my independent #SpeechSynthesis #development from 1986 to 2017, I worked phoneme-to-speech (PTS) to master f "
" Wtf HAHAHAHAHAHA lt  lagi ii pag filipino time"
"   You can't talk for shit in both Filipino and English. How does it feel to be dumb in TWO languages?"
"you don have to wait till college to get involved!! get involved in your high school filipino club or even star "
"Melanie Marquez (Filipino actress) : Mabalacat, Philippines of birth: 1964-07-16 "
" HistoryMuseum: Early Filipino pioneers in the Yakima Valley faced harsh discrimination. "
"Early Filipino pioneers in the Yakima Valley faced harsh discrimination. "
"If not for a burning sofa, a legal loophole, a support system of relatives (so Filipino), and the lack of a ticket, "
"'s slaughter05;Incidents such as Balangiga were common.This was village whereUS's general was angered by Filipino resistance."
"U see them u have tap each one say my #angels, ,#Teens #Filipino listen #homeless walk cards wed April 17 7pm st Pa "
"You know a baby is Filipino if s/he knows , open "
" : . the first Filipino-American to bring to life one of America founding fathers in the title role of"
"At King Abdul Aziz Intl Airport Jeddah: *charging phone at charge station some guy came to me said:  "
"Toxic Filipino Culture: Parents think that studying and maintaining your grades is easy. They think that every time "
" is that the only filipino word u know "
"Mikael Daez (Filipino model) : Manila, Philippines of birth: 1988-01-06://t.co/ZdA76mSup3 "
"God i h8 filipino tym"
" Filipino farmworkers 1965 in the grape fields of Delano CA began the strike that brought about a dramat "
"sinartist  namoradinha do filipino, uma das melhores pessoas que j conheci aqui te amo "
"Filipino street cuisine !  Yummy! #filipinofood #streetfood #saintlouis #yummy #delicious  Guerrilla St "
"Filipino Girl Cindy in Tank Top and Jeans://t.co/CSCk12xFKw.#filipina #filipinogirl #asiangirl #asiangirls "
"One day , she stop askin , stop textin , stop callin , stop checking , stop fighting especially if she feels shes not cherished"
"Filipino chicken adobo for dinner!  #chickenadobo #adobo #filipinofood #homecooking #nomnom #foodie #foodpics "
"Filipino    Rican  "
" Filipino language snappedt "
"Especially if y never spend quality time together as it is"
"Top 5 Filipino youtuber?  Basta eto bet ko.  the third  Gonzaga Rock  "
"Cherish the time yo girl wanna spend with you ."
"Filipino SFX is shaking "
" : My whole twitter feed is about filipino boys and *woah*"
"I forgot that in Manila you either speak Tagalog, Filipino or English. I was speaking Cebuano half the time."
" : Urgently required Filipino girls for beauty salon  Dubai "
" eu mento??? fds j agora eu filipino burro di merda"
"i need to make sense to me and my one filipino friend but I need to sleep Goodnight sweet prince"
"  Hahah thanks girl! These Filipino movies making us soft "
"Dito ko nalang sasabihin. Pakyu sa basher mo walang kwenta basher mo tanga tanga amp. Toxic na nga Filipino commu "
"  Probably a filipino thing. I see my friends do this. me a favor though, don't tell me what to do."
"  Hi there! I'm a Filipino-American illustrator based in LA that loves . Hope we can wor "
"my mommy can finally let me swear in filipino"
"Filipino time at its finest."
"Filipino (mostly)  Native   (rarely) (occasionally) "
" :  VIDEO GUESS THE BAY AREA/FILIPINO/BRITISH SLANG!! "
"  ... I am first and foremost Asian (Filipino), Deist and Irreligious, and Openly Gay. Given "
"di na pala ako nakapag basa sa filipino"
" : /public high school students: u don't owe anything to the mayor. you owe it to the tax-paying filipino citizens mga ch"
"GRADE 12 MEDIA AS Saburak SY: 2018-2019 ALEGRIA RAMDA*WITH HONOR*ACADEMIC EXCELLENCE AWARD* "
" : I was looking on Kai's instagram comments and I found this comment from Filipino celebrity Chie Filomeno Why are you hi"
" every Filipino recipe starts with this lmao"
"How are we such twins? Both Filipino. Both makeup certified (I got certified today) and I goin for my esthetician "
" : Filipino fishermen urged to avoid Panatag shoal  the meantime ://t.co/3q9BE08kos"
"   So when the Japanese marched 70,000 American and Filipino soldiers down the Bataan "
"This is a 1939 diary entry by Dwight Eisenhower explaining why he bought a typewriter in Manila. Plainly put, he bo "
"April 2 is the Feast of St. Pedro Calungsod - patron saint of Filipino Youth and Youth Catechist.#kabataangkatoliko "
"the woman who named her child cassandra namjoon is a filipino army....why"
" Is this becoming a typical Filipino behavior??? I am purely disgusted"
" VIDEO GUESS THE BAY AREA/FILIPINO/BRITISH SLANG!! "
"This one is really funny. And we do miss the guy, don't we?://t.co/EdBUMjykN1#WIMxShazam  "
" Filipino men are disgusting"
"WatDFact? China limiting our fisherfolk from fishing within the ECZ of our WPS? Are we dogs with a leash around our "
"Okay, I craving Filipino food right now! "
"Would you eat this?  I bet we have had all these things before...just not all at once!  #Repost epicmealtime "
"Filipino time ain even funny lol break that shit. Woke up too early only to wait? Consider anyone time faggot"
" : ik asian twitter says filipino boys are heartbreakers but have you caught feelings for a viet boy :/"
"nice monday with the Filipino Fam "
"Yall so ive been researching this nipsey hussle conspiracy theory and long story short, we should all eat moringa a "
" : DUTEE:  worse comes to worst, I will not waste the lives of Filipino soldiers,  will go to the boundary line, mys"
"  filipino, fiest, fiesta#MaineForMACStudioFix Mendoza l "
"  filipino moms love corgis !!!!!"
"Yung mag tanong ka sa kapwa mo filipino tapos walang kwenta kausap hayup!"
"I live in a 20 unit apartment building. units white  units mexican unit cuban unit filipino units african "
"Overdue time for educating Filipino voters #philippinerealestatenews"
" : Meet the undergrounds chefs of #KulinaryConfidential Week 2! From the  kamayan feast to 's Fil"
" : Bigyan niyo po ako ng pagkakataon na patunayan sa inyo ang kakayanan ko. Bilang isang babae, isang ina, isang survivor at"
"I had to shut the podcast off because I'm laughing too hard on the bus  .. Filipino lady in the future . "
"Overdue time for educating Filipino voters #philippinerealestate"
"SUCCESS is always at the end#WithHighHonor#Completer#OutstandingPerformanceInMathematics "
" Yan nga, a Japanese concept with a touch of Filipino sa members, song lyrics/translation, at style n "
"Why cardiovascular disease is a treacherous killer of postmenopausal Filipino women "
" ofc how could i miss hsm when the whole filo community i grew up in was obsessed with every celebrities who was part-filipino"
" They are ling lung tbh , ka Filipino mix hmm"
" I'm Filipino, so I have to like Tagalongs."
"   There is a Filipino meme version of this which I use when discussing ethics onlin "
"Sumagot naman sa naturang tweet ang Lonely Planet.   you for flagging this, we share this with our edit "
" I live in a 20 unit apartment building. units white  units mexican unit cuban unit filipin "
" The Filipino in me is feeling a disturbance in the force rn. tweet must be the culprit."
" This is too much Filipino nga naman"
"  I saw this today, too! As well as Victorio post...it hitting very close to my journey "
"I do not wake up trying to talk. I need at least a hour of quiet."
"respect to da white folk who love filipino food"
"My oppo phone is  roll on getting an iPhone again. New Filipino number if uv been txtn my old one x"
" : Yes July 4 is filipino american friendship day in our country tapos independence day sa america..thank you ina!!! "
" filipino card revoked"
"EAT MY FILIPINO ASS"
"Filipino Lito Dante Scores Big TKO Upset in Japan: "
"KAMOTE DELIGHT by #PinoyRecipeAtIbaPa://t.co/BCEJN6qdR1.#FilipinoRecipes #PinoyRecipes "
"Lugaw, also spelled lugao, is a Filipino glutinous rice gruel or porridge. It is an umbrella term that encompasses "
"7. i'm filipino! i was born in canada but my family is from the philippines"
"Hey folks, I got a dusty as hell writing blog that like ten people read. If you like urban fantasy mixed with Fi "
" as ive said,i cringe when he makes stupid remarks, though ive lived half of my life abroad, i have "
"For the Haha reaction. Yall know how it goes. Filipino netizen  "
" Here my Filipino-American urban-fantasy writing blog! "
" I got 3 Filipino immigrants in my house, my wife is Filipino, but I believe in immigration contro "
"It a Filipino egg roll don touch me"
"Shit. I work with the lazy Filipino today  please don fuck up my day. I just gonna keep my mouth shut, mind m "
"Filipino Telemarketer and Taxes - "
" I took his uncle to the Seafood Market to get fresh fish.  I was soooo embarrassed. He kept asking for so "
" Hi! My current WIP is  CROCODILE GOD, where a forgotten Filipino sea-god tries to get back togeth "
"rough weekend for filipino fighters lets bounce back "
"*gumawa ng posisyong papel kung bakit hindi dapat matanggal ang asignaturang Filipino sa kolehiyo* *midterms*T "
"if you have a fan in your house, you're either poor or you're filipino.. "
"idk if yung really exists in filipino grammar either. "
"Half Arab and Filipino | part 2 collab with amir waleed "
" Hey guys! Filipino-American urban-fantasy writer/poet who loves writing about indigenous Filipino my "
" : Marvel has changed their Facebook header. days left, Filipino MCU fans! "
" im literally half filipino sus"
"narealize ko lang, filipino's are late are everything except the airport, like man they bring their asses at the da "
"SIS YOU ARE FILIPINO!!! YOUR NATIONALITY IS FILIPINO BUT YOUR CITIZENSHIP IS CANADIAN  OF YOUR PARENTS ARE F "
"Filipino Couple Uses  to Raise Smart Kids - #unschooling #lifelearning"
"Filipino Fest is TONIGHT in the Union. Come celebrate Filipino culture and grab some tasty food.  "
"My nationality is Filipino-japanese"
" : Filipino rape victim supporters from all over the world have come together and started w  . We have put names and"
" : Napaka-short sighted ng mga may-ari ng water companies sa atin. Invest on making water from the faucet potable. Laking ginhawa"
"Top Filipino 3 cager Joshua Munzon is looking forward to represent the Philippines in international tournaments. "
"Lutong Pinoy Filipino Cuisine restaurants and store in Pembroke Pines and North Miami "
" : #AFPLeaks #PinoyLulzSec the Database of Filipino Soldiers Below. ;) Part of One of the Worst Military Data"
"This is what's served at big Filipino parties. Had one roasting in my backyard for my 7th bday. I grew up eating th "
"Japanese mixed marital arts icon Shinya  Judan Aoki dethroned Filipino Eduard  Folayang and... "
" : I mean, that's completely believable if you ignore how Filipino contractors are being asked to repair poor work by Chin"
"i am filipino happy april fools"
" READY TO COOK ONE OF OUR FAVORITE FILIPINO DISHES "
" : Lito Custido has worked in the Mater Hospital kitchens for the past 16 years. Last week, he ran an incredible 346km in"
"We have new Broward County Balikbayan Box pickup locations: Lutong Pinoy Filipino Cuisine restaurants and store in "
"KAMPUNG BAYAN Supper Club countdown  on Thurs 11th April. If you haven't got plans why not join us and t "
" : Seventeen with filipino stuffs  OH MY://t.co/laEjHVWjPL##"
" : ph carats giving famous filipino snacks to seventeen!! "
" Why do you have many Filipino friends I don't understand"
" : The pain and the struggle made me who I am."
" What is your favorite Filipino food? Lumpia? Pancit? Adobo?"
"Brinkman announced the following small business winners: Savor + Sip, Zion Climbing Center, Nooma Life Studios, Wh "
"I was feeling down and raye brought me homemade Filipino food I love her )): she the best ):"
""
"Experience Filipino food and culture this weekend at PhilFest 2019 at PCFI in #Tampa - this one of the largest cele "
"The five years I've been writing &amp; promoting Asian, and specifically Filipino talent in the U.S., did you know ther "
"  if it's actually  and it's still filipino kid, he baits yet another person in age lmao"
"GOD... NO WAIT... I *HAVE* HEARD OF DARNA BEFORE... my parents put on a lot of filipino shows and i swear i've caug "
" : lmao a carat made Jeonghan eat Mik-Mik, a filipino snack.. it's a sweetened milk powder sold in a sachet with a straw inside"
"Filipino rape victim supporters from all over the world have come together and started w  . We have put na "
" was it that filipino kid wearing shorts"
" : They arrived 5 days before the Diamond Edge Concert last in Manila. celebrated Jeonghan's bday  Team Sho"
"   :(( thank u!! im filipino heheh"
"Looking for a coarse slight wave slight curly texture? Try out our Filipino Curly, available in lengths 14 - 30 inc "
"Traditional Filipino Bamboo Cooking in Moalboal Cebu://t.co/7RDtdJySIV #Moalboal, #bamboocooking, #bestthingstodoinMoalboal"
" :  - Aj Rafael, Jeff Bernat &amp; Gabe Bondoc are all Filipinos &amp; they're Joshua's musical inspirations- Bruno Mars"
" : - one of joshua's favorite singers is Gabe Bondoc, a filipino- seventeen always mentioning Cebu- mingyu said Cebu is a beau"
" Angelo V. Suarez, Filipino Poet"
" : Hi #ArtistofSEA , I a filipino-canadian that likes to draw robots and gals! I also draw a lot of stuff about a girl a"
"badtrip raming mawawala libro ko pa sa filipino shemsss"
"Let's start the week with some delicious Pork Asado Sliders | Bao Buns by Rey's Place, one of the best #Filipino re "
" : Imagine the life of a Filipino employee. Waking up early to collect water Lining up for hours just to ride the M"
"You have problems ma'am. My Filipino grade is a letter grade higher than my English grade, and let me tell you this "
"#01_April #Birth 1963 &amp;#8211; Teodoro de Villa Diaz, Filipino guitarist and songwriter (d. 1988)"
" Support local!!!!!!!!! Filipino movies!!"
"FOUR SISTERS AND A WEDDING WILL ALWAYS BE MY ALL-TIME FAVORITE FILIPINO MOVIE!!!! "
"Did anyone else Filipino mom pinch them at the grocery store or was it just mine?"
"Eighty new Filipino nurses to join QEH staff "
" : Hotel Review Coron Soleil Garden Resort Soleil Garden is a new four star premium Resort on the beautiful Filipin"
" my father and his cousin were in Seattle, sightseeing, some decades ago. They decided to visit Bruce Lee "
"I in a super good mood today! didn call back for my on call shift officially the start of my 2 days of "
"TODAY IN FILIPINO HISTORY  2 April 1788: Francisco Balagt, one of the greatest literary laureates in the Tag "
" : Pewds is trending on Philippine twitter and is #1 trending on Youtube Philippines. We LOVE our Filipino 9 year olds, don't"
" : i'll try to promote 's music here in my country by requesting it on local radio stations and Filipino music ch"
" : Great piece by , with a h/t to a great interview by . I was there on Saturday night, and I can't im"
"Last saturday I worked 6am in the morning and after that I went to Filipino league to watch my friends partida pago "
" : I'm gonna become a writer. I'm gonna make movies. I'm gonna make music. I'm gonna own a business. Just a Filipino kid from"
"like im filipino and they always advertise whitening products back in the philippines. it ridiculous"
" : proud to team up w  to create a comic about the colonial roots of (what i had previously thought was a uniqu"
"proud to team up w  to create a comic about the colonial roots of (what i had previously thought was a "
" #FakeNews a proud mid-40s Canadian...S. So are my Filipino, black, Asian, etc. friends who love "
". the first Filipino-American to bring to life one of America founding fathers in the title role "
"Tigas ng ulo^^ does that mean? And what language? It looks very unique tbh :0  it means Hardheaded and it "
" lol i definitely believed you were filipino for a period of time"
" : OF COURSE SOME FILIPINO POSTED THIS "
"Actor Marc Dela Cruz is the first Filipino-American to bring to life one of America founding fathers in the title "
" Greek- Se agap Czech- Miluji t Finnish- Min rakastan sinua Indonesian- Aku cinta kamu Filipino- M "
"Catch JM de Guzman live: 2- Its Showtime with Arci Mu. 6- Centrio Mall of Ayala , Cagayan de Oro Cit "
"The last remaining Filipino title-holder at ONE Championship is heavyweight Brandon Vera. "
" Yup. It a bomb ass Filipino flavor."
"From ube cheesecakes to fine dining, a new wave of Filipino food is gaining ground in Seattle. Here's where to find "
"For Vancouver Asian Heritage Month, we've gathered the finest of Javier's School of Gifted Filipino Writers to do a "
"Spotify April Fool Discocover Weekly is actually a joke on them because now I doing the Filipino cha-cha at m "
" :  the amount of time that a Filipino is late is balanced out by the amount of time it takes them to leave the par"
" I say Vietnamese or Filipino"
"#FilipinoAmericanHistory: Cecilia Suyat is a Civil Rights activist and historian. She worked as a secretary for the "
"On 13 April 2018, President Rodrigo Duterte proclaimed April as the Filipino Food Month or Buwan ng Kalutong Pilipi "
"  Most butcher shops. I buy mine in China town in Toronto. I know this recipe and i "
" the amount of time that a Filipino is late is balanced out by the amount of time it takes them to leav "
" Any filipino ethnicity"
" maybe because they represent a lot of filipinos na simple lang ang buhay? they're like representing "
"Congratulations, mga Kapuso!#WomenPower "
" : Catch my SUPER1migueldeguzMAN, JM DE GUZMAN HOT FLUSHES  live at Casino Filipino Angeles, McArthur Highway, Balibago An"
"Filipino knows  "
"Filipino culture is posting abt having a fun dinner with your family and having your friends and distant family com "
"Catch my SUPER1migueldeguzMAN, JM DE GUZMAN HOT FLUSHES  live at Casino Filipino Angeles, McArthur Highway, Balibag "
"NIMHD funded Dr. Chau Trinh-Shevrin research, which found that Filipinos who had lived in the U.S. for &gt; 10 years "
"  .. females, Filipino females, &amp; Japanese females  whites ."
" DINUGUAN IS THE BEST FILIPINO DISH H8TERS CAN FITE ME"
"JOBS IN KUWAIT***************** technician  Job in Kuwait://t.co/QAABDtYMIg ***************** "
"toxic filipino culture... "
" : Learn the stories and details behind the Filipino-made outfits of . "
"Congrats! "
" Dear Kihei, for repping all the 5 Filipinos out there. , Filipino- Americ "
" Filipino women in general and M in particular are mabango because we are very tidy. Not only once did I h "
"I wish Filipino movies would stop romanticizing cheating. "
"Hey Angeles its your time to experience JM de Guzman HOT flushes. Catch him live at Casino Filipino Angeles on  Apr "
"my favorite food, Filipino pansit bihon and vegetables salad.. "
" :   I,   Filipino American living in #Malden, MA and my family to now have m"
" I been following you Sir, not sure if you see me. If you really want to help people in need I b "
" : J ouviram um pedacinho do novo jingle da  que gravamos nas filipinas? Vai l no insta da   Cantamos e"
" :   I,   Filipino American and fellow people of color with different race, etc. from ot"
" :   I,   Filipino American and my fellow ppl of color with different race, etc. We apprecia"
" :  I,   Filipino American and my fellow Americans, people, students, children of color &amp;"
" Philippines mostly... or the government could just prioritise visas for Nurses....://t.co/xxxHc6Ytvc"
"Filipino boxing drill://t.co/YkU0wDKEQ2"
"These Filipino movies are putting me in my feelings rn! #Addicted"
"Naalala ko pa na dinadama ko pa yung hangin. Tapos pumunta pa ako sa isang Filipino community na halos puro kakanin ang pagkain."
"hello, im justin! my pronouns are they/them. im a filipino american born in ny but raised in florida. i like to mak "
"  Filipino"
"Is my grandmother the only Filipino grandmother that goes OFF on inanimate objects? It the most hilarious thing, I swear "
" Sir...you spelled Filipino wrong"
" filipino vibes"
" : So, It gonna be 11PM 4th of April for all Filipino Blinks!     "
"UP Dulaang Laboratoryo's  on Sophie Treadwell Machinal Adaptation by Eljay Castro Deldoc "
" baka po gusto nyo kami i feature :) "
" : I never see this anymore, but as a kid we used to celebrate with a . You tie toys, candy, money onto a wooden/bamboo"
"   For you; to KLS . ; your concern to the #families of #firefighters in P "
"April is Filipino food month "
"filipino movies are on netflix, how i hope the hows of us too. ang sarap lang ulit ulitin. nakakaiyak padin.  "
"do i talk small or talk normally which is Big Voice??? i was pissing my gottamn self i was also rly bad at filipino "
" filipino.  kita."
" : Finding books for my nephew! #book #reading #childrensbooks   #fierceblo"
"I legit getting migraine at least once a month due to this. Damn why do filipino moms have to believe in so many "
"What is jeff? This filipino marvel 2 event is so good."
"I just found out there is a Filipino restaurant 9 mins from my apt and it has vegetarian options OMG "
" : Dunno why cube gets called Chinese when he clearly Filipino wrong ens"
"Have you ever been in a talent show?  ya it was because i failed math and filipino during 2nd year high school and "
" finally I have someone I can talk to about the Filipino Moro Islamic Liberation Front"
"Never thought this day would come...I dropped my kid off at school and I doing laundry, cleaning &amp; organizing cou "
"BFAR National Dir. Eduardo Gongona said Filipino fishermen should refrain from going to the Scarborough shoal for "
" : a filipino fanboy went to txt's fansign gosh  look at how the boys wrote kuya ugh please my heart is so full rn "
"hayst gi himo raman ninyog buang ang filipino oy "
" : 'Child sex tourism': Perth man jailed for 11 years for molesting Filipino girl overseas "
" : Follar est bien pero que el filipino de Forjado a fuego te diga que tu arma mata es otra cosa."
"Dominican and Filipino, I should put it in my bio at this point"
" I got the horses in the bag"
" Our SFS Film Fest 2019 Spotlight Filmmaker is Maritte Go!Maritte Go is a Filipino-American #filmmaker who grad "
"filipino families don give a fuck ab your dreams, you gonna be a nurse whether you like it or not  "
" Our SFS Film Fest 2019 Spotlight Filmmaker is Maritte Go!Maritte Go is a Filipino-American #filmmaker who grad "
" :  This is so true. I have a rental property and have been receiving calls from agents with Chinese clients. As soon as I"
"Dunno why cube gets called Chinese when he clearly Filipino wrong ens"
"Finding books for my nephew! #book #reading #childrensbooks   "
"living right next to a Filipino restaurant &gt;&gt;"
"61 Filipino workers died in Hong Kong in 2018 "
"OF COURSE SOME FILIPINO POSTED THIS "
" : yo"
"I was the first one to finish my work and ms. Nofuente gave me 5 extra credit points then this other kid turns in h "
" : pau: knows with her whole life im 10000000% filipino but is dumb at tagalog pau whenever i speak something about t"
"Look at this! LOOOOKKKK  the  Banh Mi: A Filipino/Vietnamese hybrid #BanhMi sandwich made wi "
"Gago!://t.co/ZmmzHw9lvl Chinese envoy reminds Filipino fishers of West PH Sea &amp;#8216;limits&amp;#8217;"
" Hi, Mike. Overseas Filipino Workers do not pay or get to refund the LI tax by indicating that they are "
" dy | |  17  taken ~   student, artist   filipino-american (cst timezone) royscan, bnha, p "
"Maybe I have more luck as a Model. Lil shoulder Glow!!!!...   Palette . "
" Honesty Filipino co-workers are so sweet and make bomb potluck dishes we stan!"
" :  I'm filipino and I think she's interesting, I might stan "
"yo i gonna look fucking albino in the summer next to my half italian half filipino boyfriend i want a refund on my genetics"
"Woohoo! Back in the kitchen this week after my recent time off... this time, making a dessert (think, fried bananas "
"#filipino #pinoy #filipina #pinay #filipinofood #pinoyfood #lumpia #eggroll #keto #ketodiet #carbfree "
"Chinese Ambassador to the Philippines Zhao... "
"DUTEE:  worse comes to worst, I will not waste the lives of Filipino soldiers,  will go to the boundary li "
"Filipino Urban Legends this tweet, I am going to share very similar Flilipino urban legends. The Tik Tik and th "
"You will never ever experience freedom if you are a Filipino..."
"  Imma be on the next filipino drama"
"I LOVE the Filipino ladies I work with during my day shift they so funny and sweet can they adopt me???"
" : Hay ang yabang. Hay ang taas ng standards. Hay ang baba magbigay ng grade. Hay grabe talaga ang hirap ng Filipino hindi na"
"Unpopular Opinion: Filipino clubs/orgs edition "
" filipino girl = sion  not Egirl"
"I need me a Filipino mans "
"My one win today is that I had my blood test done *before* having Filipino food for lunch. Ouch, my cholesterol."
"Have you ever been in a talent show?  hmm.. tanghalan filipino club "
"Watching filipino films and then cringing afterwards is now my favorite thing lol"
" Jollibee Filipino fast food restaurant, national chain, you welcome  "
"pau: knows with her whole life im 10000000% filipino but is dumb at tagalog pau whenever i speak something abo "
"hello ya girl has been busy for the past week (technically 3 mo) for a skit comp w/ acting and dancing against othe "
" : filipino foriegn worker love botanical garden in singapore... "
"Chinese vessels in Pag-asa Island not armed, says China envoy "
" why don you try filipino foods sometimes? or maybe Jollibee (famous/best filipino fastfood) if you won "
"#SFT10 Gabriela Almeida vence Sarah Filipino por nocaute aos 18 do 1o Round.   todas as lutas no YouTub "
" :         "
" I'm filipino and I think she's interesting, I might stan "
"This morning I woke up and played my favorite song from him, and immediately got teary-eyed. I don think I eve "
"Filipino Tamales Recipe by #PinoyRecipeAtIbaPa://t.co/b4oeXTwQO9.#FilipinoRecipes #PinoyRecipes "
"Today from the Edge "
"Victoria's Secret's first Filipino model hits back at critics who accuse her of 'passing' as white "
"my cousins friend who also a car dealer salesman, told me  give you the deal you want just because you fi "
"Crush ko talaga forever and ever amen si Aga.. My favorite Filipino actor of all time.  "
"Bagio Hut Filipino food for lunch "
"FILIPINO BLINKS!!!! #KILLTHISLOVE will be released on Thursday at 11 PM  Please please pleaseee stay up late for the pinks! "
"ive been getting more and more fluent in tagalog these past few weeks bc my mom and i have been binge watching filipino movies on netflix "
" Ah mientras lo ba siempre claro que s acababa fino filipino"
"To those who Congratulate me, sent me pm asking about it, concerned and angry about this.. this is to inform you th "
"When your mom knows that you are dating different guys every weekends: (FILIPINO MOMS) "
"  Filipino boys did it first"
"Gonna take my horse to the old town road"
" LOL. I remember they were one of the three bands all the scene Filipino kids would see in hs- the ot "
"#ATEEZinMANILA  up with your mobile number and email address 's do this FILIPINO ATINYS!  I "
"   Oof both of my loves"
" : Thank u  for being the original makers of the #microwavechallenge dance.  now over 1 million people have done it."
" : What I carry with me when I go Filipino store. Ube ice cream (: "
"Bukod sa pamamasyal narito si Julian para ibahagi ang ginagawa niya sa The White Feather Foundation; ang foundation "
"I really out here binge watching Filipino movies, thank you, Netflix!!"
" : Nick Cannon is finishing Nipsey documentary.. protect this man at all costs. If you know, you know"
" : Quick Filipino-Style Rib-Eye Steaks (Bistek Tagalog) Recipe | SAVEUR "
" :   from what the family witch doctor told us, in the filipino culture we say it like closing the t"
" : Idk if you talking about spongebob or squidward but I both "
" Bro_Eddie: The Preamble of the Constitution of the Philippines is so Glorious for it acknowledges the LORDSHIP O "
"I officially put in my 2 weeks notice! Too much BS is going on with the staff, so I done! This is with Gamesto "
" philiapino fuck, somebody take him back to school and teach this troglodyte how to spell filipino"
"  want the Filipino people to suffer, that they will hate Marcos.- President Corazon C. Aquin "
"The First Ever Binatang Filipino Challenge on facebook&gt; "
" Ahhhh sigee sinusubok mo talaga yung babaeng BEST IN FILIPINO ah sige ba"
"had a good taco and boba tea with ms. elaine aaah buti filipino "
"  How do you think we currently have so many Filipino, African, Indian etc etc etc Nurses i "
"Filipino Film Projects Awarded at Hong Kong-Asia Film Financing "
" If shabu is coming from China . So Filipino culture abuse is to blame not China.."
"Did you know  has a Spanish duet seed of Part Of Your World on ? I think the languages s "
" : My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 |"
"BAD NEWS PAT ep.10 OKgoogle Abuse #googlehome #abuse #ledzeppelin #RIPNipseyHussle #laugh #stairwaytoheaven #filipino"
"KC Kansas City Authentic Filipino Manila Bay Ihaw-Ihaw "
"GIANT TUNA TAIL &amp; Filipino Food Tour in Davao Philippines, DURIAN CAPITAL "
" : My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 |"
"Achei estranho que moedas como o Peso Filipino quando na condi de vari independente, teve res estacion "
"NO FOOLING! The First Filipino Martial Arts Class is this Evening at 5:00 pm!"
"Grab a slice of Culinary Training Program alumna Chef Caroline's Filipino Pizza at  this month and $4 fr "
"I think my handwriting is unique so maybe I not actually Filipino "
"the sovs are filipino i can and will die on this dream it was just experimenting with presentation"
" yessss- I'm just not Filipino! I'm ethnically Lebanese but still living in Europe but it's close!"
" meanwhile i hope my followers enjoy my filipino fuckboi anthems"
"dili ko katulog so i decided to watch a cheezy filipino romcom huhuhu grabe ako hilak karon :&lt; dili lang ko magsaba "
"THANK U DIN PALA SA LAHAT AND ESP SA REVIEW MO SA AKON SA FILIPINO KUNG HINDI MO TINANONG MGA QUESTIONS DUN SA TEST "
"Get ready for an art overload this April!#MotionsofthisKind://t.co/C3UMRISMQO "
"Chief Justice Cantil-Sakauye talks about the  history and strength of California's labor movement. Each generation "
" :      For me, as a Filipino you don't have the right to say that"
"Padamo2 kami sang manghod ko wala nakaon na Filipino food ah :( hahaha"
" Pacquiao is Filipino. Our people have a shit ton of cousins. Might as well go and check it out."
" : Former food truck  combines Southeast Asian tastes for a fun and approachable experience. "
" : Aljur Abrenica featuring Jessica Sanchez in a unique &amp; special LIVE performance!  6, 2019 at Oceanview Pavilion! FOR"
"IM CRYIG HOW DID A RESEARCH PAPER TAKE ME 12 HOURSSS PLS I HATE TRANSLATING TO FILIPINO"
" : For those of u who have the feel of a badass action heroine, I enjoin u to watch Maria! I was pleasantly surprised wat"
"This customer just came in talking to me in Philippines because he thought I was filipino"
"why is filipino a race but latino isn  the govt make it make sense"
" : who the FUCK let me start talking to another filipino boy i do not LEARN"
"filipino girls all have the same handwriting"
"  *gasps in Filipino* "
"Authorities consider the death of a young Filipina-American in #LasVegas on Wednesday morning to be a murder-suicid "
"Authorities consider the death of a young Filipina-American in #LasVegas on Wednesday morning to be a murder-suicid "
"Common line sa Filipino classic movies:Kapag hindi mo nakuha sa santong dasalan,gawin mo sa santong paspasan! mag isip-isip kana "
" :  "
"HAHA april fools y!! im never gonna be with a filipino  "
"Another example of the emotive power of culture heritage as Filipino social media users call out Lonely Planet over "
" : Today a Great Day to Become a Blue Diamond!  Diamond Kollection specializes in premium grade 100% #virginhair which i"
" Yeah boi best filipino horror na since Feng Shui"
"so lucky my man is a sweet ass filipino hehe"
"  omayhaddd filipino ka?"
"may or may not planning to add filipino subtitles for hana's vlog"
"Hi all, I be reading part of Diyosa Mata at Sampaguita Perspectives: A Celebration of Filipino-Canadian Writers "
"tangina toxic talaga ng mga filipino "
" : Officially introducing to the world: Pop-Tarts Ravioli. Also, this tweet serves as my 2 weeks notice. Bye. "
"My parents discovered Filipino movies on Netflix. Basically my account is screwed"
"kelan kaya kuhaan ng grades puta kinakabahan ko sa anaphy saka filipino e"
" : Best Filipino movies to watch:  Hows of Us : A Love Untold Ex and Whys 's Dating The Gangster "
"Ako ay Filipino tanso ng mundo  tunay kong ginto aking sentido."
"Anong kabanata ang nireport mo sa filipino?  Nakalimutan ko na e "
" : Our . 2015 . again created history with her passing-of-the-crown moment immortalized through"
"Mag filipino ko? Mag visaya? Mag english? unsa paman? Kay atong sugdan"
"as a filipino citizen i need your opinion, bagay ba????? some said i would look like siopao, some said naman na mas "
"i-singko nyo nalang ako sa filipino kesa isumbat pa sakin yan tang ina haha"
" : Let's celebrate Filipino pride and good vibes this Monday night!, we are giving away an Oryspa package to the one"
"Dumadagdag to sa inis ko. Tangina parang ayaw ko nang maging Filipino "
"Filipino movies in Netflix!!!  #TangkilikinAngSarilingAtin"
" Ga english lage ka? Hahahaha mag Filipino nalang ko"
" : Color Everywhere! #ejax #pinoy #filipino #streetart #graffiti #colors #vibrant #art #artwork #spraycan #artist #nyc ht"
"OMG!!! I'm still recovering from that wistle note of Morissette Amon!!! Filipino singers are so insane!!! This kind "
" ganito ka tindi ang pag-mamahal ko sa asignaturang Filipino."
"Color Everywhere! #ejax #pinoy #filipino #streetart #graffiti #colors #vibrant #art #artwork #spraycan #artist "
" :         El castellano fue e"
" Ohh yeah i understood mata cause that is the filipino of eyes but i checked the translation...it was Indonesian "
"ahaahahahahaha "
"nyetang filipino, pamajor"
"Tony is Chinese-Filipino owo"
"Katong nag tinanga sa filipino "
"El n de veces que me quedo en silencio y me doy cuenta de que canto disco disco disco disco chino chino chino filipino es alarmante"
"Langit pala ahhaha kasi eh obob sa filipino eh"
"  Pinaninindigan ko talaga na filipino ako. Hahahaha"
"*Filipino folklore and mythological creatures on tv*: *gets Alejandro Pardo books* ehEM"
"me: moms: ay puking inang pekpek na hayup na yang putang ina"
"I accidentally came across this song called Sila by SUD it's a filipino song and i really like it. can my ph moots "
"So ayun nga kinagat ko na ang poem writing. Nakakatuwa na gamitin ang lengwaheng Filipino sa paggawa ng talumpati. "
"I think yung pagkabuhay ng dugo ko by that time makes me remind of my HS self: (1) 2nd yr HS, na puro talumpati ung "
"Psssst! Ano'ng mga bagay, salita, o pag-uugali ang naiisip n'yo na natatanging #Pinoy? #Pilipino #Noypi #Filipino "
"this ad is definitely thought of by people who think they know filipino culture but reaaally dont like they've been "
"You know what great about sheratonmanila?  celebrates everything about the filipino culture and heritage whil "
"FILIPINO HUSTLA"
"Great piece by , with a h/t to a great interview by . I was there on Saturday night, and I can' "
"Filipino, Cambodian &amp; Mexican "
" Dile:  el Vino!!......Filipino.O la koka, o el soberano( ques cosa de hombres."
"La vileza suprema de este pantuflo filipino, se supera y continua aumentando de d en d, ahora devenido en mat."
" overseas mutuals/followers in hs/uni: DO Y HAVE  BLASTS IN UR SCHOOL/EXTRACURRICULAR STUFF??? or is it just a filipino uni thing?"
"naa toy academic head na defend2x kunuhay sa pagtangtang sa Filipino sa college pero kung sa iya backyard na gani, "
"Filipino Subj.  Trip Sa labas ng school  "
"toxic filipino pabibo culture : na itaas yung kapwa,  damayan sa lahat ng pasanin eh ginagawa pang katatawana "
"I didn't know my Filipino friend used a whitening cream until in September. She says she gets so tanned she is too "
"TFW FILIPINO COUPLE FACING DEPOATION 46 "
"Dalagang Pilipina pero bagsak sa Filipino "
"Are you full Filipino or half of something ?  Gusto ko maging half aussie para frens kami ng mga tarantula "
" Olha que coisa mais linda mais cheia de gra  esse filipino que vem e que passa vergonha "
" Filipino jo hahahahah dli ata ko pinoy"
"   Also... The power of Filipino body waxer is real and can revive any old Twitter thread. "
" : Hanging out in the Roosevelt Room, pleased to eannounce that all my posts will now be about the "
"im just a concerned Filipino citizen "
" : british: what is tuhod?: its when an object is very solid, its TU-HOD. "
"pootek Filipino na nga wrong grammar pa "
" : (i hope its not too late for #TransDayOfVisbility #TDOV hhhhhh) i faith (they/them)!!! a filipino nonbinary"
"Self-Imposed #NaPoWriMo2019 Rules!!! write a poem based on the prompt for the day as provided on "
" : My filipino mom when she was pregnant: |              ||              ||               |                 |"
" I could imagine Jollibee (the Filipino equivalent of McDonald's) doing a whole 10-minute short fil "
"how to avoid toxic filipino culture when it starts in your family uhh"
"Someone asked me if Bella was Samoan cause how big &amp; dark she is, but if anyone was ever wondering Isabella is Hawa "
" support Filipino Rap :P"
"The ability to do identical work in the US can increase someone wage 260% for a Peruvian, 350% for a Filipino, an "
" : My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 |"
"Lampara Lights the Way for Modern Filipino Food #Spot.ph"
"andaming underrated na filipino rappers kahit mas may laman pa songs nila sa rap na alam nyo"
"#SEAbit: 9 Spots to Explore Seattle's Burgeoning Filipino Scene #seattle #food"
"this is shaping up like a filipino teleserye,, i hate it damn"
"a few months ago someone on cpr told me i was disgusting for eating with my hands sometimes when i was talking abou "
" : Kihei Clark, who set up the tying basket against Purdue, is half-Filipino and will likely play for the national team in the"
"there only one filipino restaurant in the syracuse area, and they don even wanna deliver to my location. i devastated."
"FILIPINO LEG  may kakaiba talaga silang words na LAYF lang nakakaintindi #Bring8OnFUMIYA "
" OH OKAY thank god!! whew that's a relief. that's so cool, i love mythology, but idk anything about filipin "
"I mean it fine if you don want a certain race as your nurse.. I don mind. Oh your patient is coding? Sorry ca "
"I agree #LonelyPlanet stop spreading lies, Chinese and Filipino people are okay don't ruined it. great anc "
"My top build:: Filipino: Patty Headband of Infamy Rue 21 Jeans (Tattered, Rust) "
" : It dares to ask its Filipino moviegoers to change the way we consume our media, our movies.Ulan's storytelling is a bre"
"At yun, nagpuyat na naman ako para sa wala. Masyado akong pakampante sa anachemlec at filipino na yan ha. Hmmmmmm"
"Filipino style fried rice! ://t.co/1AzafBNsGB#fresh #homemade #foodbloggers #foodstagram #foodgasm "
" : Ang sarap ikorek HAHAHAHA sana kasi maayos na itinutur ang ortograpiyang Filipino sa elementarya at nagfofokus ang mga"
" alsooo that one time on Buwan ng Wika Filipino PT HAHAHAHAHA "
" don look Filipino ??? what are we supposed to look like???? "
"The Filipino community in YK welcomed me warmly Saturday. Here's a neat community piece! | Yellowknife Filipino bas "
" : We can't wait for the fundraiser at Romulo Cafe Makati with    helping Filipino chefs"
" lumpia, tocino, longanisa, meat on a stick (lol), AND bangus?? filipino heaven "
"  I need a Filipino man like rocco"
" : pretending to be a good girl?     (n) sfw     switch     actually a softie &amp; a crckhd     im baby : (     filip"
"Let's watch flower festival sa baguio next time? panagben  Sure basta libre mo hahahaha yes filipino pawin siniga "
"The Filipino trans community is ridiculed at most times so before you talk about how the gay people who acts like a "
"  Ketchup on eggs FTW. I'm half Filipino so I gotta have rice with it too "
"The  are you? question got old in high school  I know some filipinos and you don LOOK filipino re "
" : TOXIC FILIPINO CULTURE ABOUT KOREAN AISTS (A THREAD):"
"sana magkaroon naman ng filipino horror film na hindi bobo yung bida"
"I have an aunt named Babes and three uncles named Boy on the other side of my family. points! about your Fi "
" : Congratulations to The Hows of Us team for receiving the Golden Jury Award for the Highest Grossing Filipino Film of Al"
"  El consumo excesivo de pasta de dientes via * produce da cerebral.   Deber obli "
"ay onga pala filipino time hehe."
"Lol im a horror film addict so i know when theres a jumpscare but that shookt me up when theres a new  element of f "
" this offended my tan-colored Filipino heart"
" : and this is the filipino language (our language) "
"Kadumdum sd ko Filipino teacher namo sir balasabas ako ra twon gapaminaw saiyang story sa ibong adarna pero Kay dem "
" : Filipino carpenters needs youuuuuuuu #SaveSingularTourManila #SaveSingularTourMNL"
"and this is the filipino language (our language) "
"TOXIC FILIPINO CULTURE ??? English is the basis of intelligence..."
" : Chinese envoy reminds Filipino fishers of West PH Sea &amp;#8216;limits&amp;#8217; "
" po panatilihing malinis ang lahat ng estero para sa kinabukasan ng ating mga anak at apo. Disiplina lang po a "
"languages you speak/understand?  speak: english, filipino (tag and vis), a bit of spanish: *above*, kor "
"oh? wait so Filipino band ba yung mellow fellow?  isa lang siya, actually. pero pag gigs sinasama niya friends niy "
"Larry Itliong: A Forgotten Badass Hero of Filipino Immigrants "
"To all of my legal-aged friends, Please vote for Mr. Diokno. I am somewhat a teen political critique and I really s "
"I woke up to old filipino music blasting in my house. I love being at home at this hour :))"
" very witty tas bet ko pagkasarcastic niya ang funny HAHAHA seatm8 q dati sa filipino nsjsjs chikahan lang kami ei"
"someone just hit my car at the gas station and i came out the car going THE FUCK off and it would be an old ass cut "
"Some Filipino became racist because of some fake news. issue is not cool, I'm Chinese too, I don't agr "
" only filipino swifties can understand "
"  just saved the filipino horror film industry kudos to you out of all the filipino horror film that "
" ohmygahd u just replied to a filipino im.. skahsjsksms "
"Can one of the Filipino hair agencies sign me already lol let me be a cream silk or Palmolive hair model bro "
" : Wow English! Hahah please take time to read my platform in Filipino sa "
" like i definitely not a Filipino, soft stan, and sagittarius... and san is not my ults hehe"
"More Chinese irredentism in action. 600 ships hovering near Filipino island. Common fishing area' means what's min "
" : A group of Filipino fishermen ask #ICC to investigate China for alleged crimes against humanity by undermining the food &amp;"
"Gusto ko pa manood ng Kara Mia. Di ko makita yung episode 31  Sana,meron neto sa fox filipino para mapanood ko ng buo"
" : A wonderful event by  celebrating women in film   b3nitobautista sdfilipinocinema "
" : Overdue time for educating Filipino voters "
"Right now, I'm fluent in Filipino (Tagalog) and English. I know how to read and write in Hangul but not that fluent "
" : Modern Filipino Hiphop songs are not sunoy songs. It a sign that OPM  is evolving and it in a good way! #supporlocal"
" :         "
"So I made an emo playlist cool"
"Overdue time for educating Filipino voters "
" : Being Filipino doesn make you less of an artist nor less of a person compared to any other artists outside of the Ph"
"just found out that lisa gwen enjoys binge watching filipino movies on netflix. proud of her HAHAHA"
" : One of the best filipino horror film so far! #Eerie"
"Imagining the number of Filipino voters who are not aware of who of these candidates will really serve our country "
"28. MARIA JESSICA ASPIRAS SOHO well-known Filipino broadcast journalist and host...... "
"tapos yung last part na instrumental na    yas ang ganda nun!!!! this song is sikat internationally but guess wh "
"panget talaga ng mga ibang filipino, kainis mga uncultured swine tas ampapanget pa ng ugali hayuf nakakapanggigil "
"Because of PNOY, each Filipino owes  P62,000' in utang "
"Best prank/April fools joke you can do to a Filipino mom is telling them you don't like what you're doing right now "
"I rmbr filipino babies when they were teached to make this expression called baho "
" Why do they look like my Filipino mom when she's thinking "
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 | "
"All these Filipino movies I been watching lately got me missing the PI. "
"Pewds is trending on Philippine twitter and is #1 trending on Youtube Philippines. We LOVE our Filipino 9 year olds "
" : Maria Clara, Manila Girl, and the Other Mary found this article last night aND I SWEAR TO GOD IT'S SUCH A GOOD REA"
" :  IF YOU'RE A FILIPINO ITZY STAN   NEED MUTUALS. LET'S BE FRIENDS!!"
" So filipino HAHHAHAHA"
"Haaaaayyyy UP, isa kang pangarap na hindi ko sinubok na abutin noon  tamang panahon, matitikman ko rin ang tam "
" Oh I familiar with everything on the filipino culture dude hahah "
"Filipino subs here we go?  subs pa gusto niyo? "
"From being a tiny Filipino boy playing Pok Blue on a Gameboy to dancing with Ludicolo in real life as an adult, "
"Filipino females or Celto-German females? Most attractive. "
" : if you gonna make a story about anti blackness &amp; equal rights/opportunity how about you uhhHhHhHHhH not perpetuate anti blac"
" thank.u po #MayWardLiveSaMindoro  "
" :   Hi Martina, I'm a Filipino-American graphic designer/illustrator and I do a lot of food illustrat"
"Let's meet #wattpad 's #Aquarius in Astig Grande://t.co/0kzmmbYNcL"
"Yellowknife Filipino basketball league makes a comeback, with help of 2 men's sacrifice "
" Dude the last 5 minutes about the Filipino lady lmao "
"Check out this fun video of teens trying yummy Filipino food. "
" : im so so soooo saaad babe :--( maybe i'll see u next time, jus kno ur filipino fans love u so soo muuuch  #SaveSingularTo"
"25. EUGENIA APOSTOL publisher who played pivotal roles in the peaceful overthrow of two Philippine preside "
" Eerie Filipino scary movie"
"whY DOES JIHOON LOOK FILIPINO "
" : i was today years old when i discovered rie hata (a filipino-japanese choreographer) made the dance for:- exo tempo-"
"  bahasanya orang filipino mbaa, 11-12 lah ma bahasanya orang pekanbaru pelalawan"
"Have you ever been in a talent show?  GRADE 7. FILIPINO. MA'AM PAREN. "
" : filipino love songs hit different"
"The next claim will be Igorots, Ifugaos, and other Filipino Northerners are Chinese - see those eyes? "
"Eighty new Filipino nurses to join QEH staff://t.co/PEV4NpjYJY"
"  There are little to no laws protecting them especially the Indians and Pakistanis working in "
"23. NIEVES FERNANDEZ only known Filipino female guerrilla leader......#31DaysOfGreatFilipinas "
"AS &amp; CULTURE: Filipino-Spanish magazine launched://t.co/TVSTF0D1zm #culture "
"tanggilid pa filipino ko kaya di pa kampante"
"13. MARIA ROSA LUNA HENSON voice for the Filipino comfort women of the Japanese period...... "
"5. MAGDALENA ESTOITA LEONESThe Lioness of Filipino Guerrilla Agents.....#31DaysOfGreatFilipinas "
"Binatang Filipino Challenge ala Androre. NO SOUND #LOUDREonBring8on "
"  so pag kpop song di na pwede icover ng filipino artist on national tv?"
"hi guys! so, i was talking with a filipino uniter and we have the idea to create a group chat with all baeleys arou "
"  There is a popular tag you have no idea about, but it sounds Filipino, like your jowa. So "
"Another toxic filipino cultureWhy don't you have any award this year? You were an achiever way back in high scho "
" does this mean i filipino"
"DILI SAD TANAN BISAYA GAHI ANG PAGKA-PRONOUNCE SA WORDS. ABI LANG NA NINYO. WE ACTUALLY CAN SPEAK FILIPINO AND ENGL "
" : Imagine a drug lord as our president adviser.  a president selling our Islands.  mainland Chinese as cons"
" Sino may sabi na hindi major subject Filipino Ma? Cuz that MAJOR MAJOR wrong cheka"
" : putcha wa jd gi uli ako monitoring sa filipino ug AP yuwuh"
"yeah im filipino"
" GAGO FILIPINO KA?"
"Virus: filipino sign language fuck! Compilation of worst etc  Philippin... "
"hanuba tutulugan ko nalang ba tong filipino, mapeh at math :))"
"When ma'am Nolasco said Best in Filipino ko 'to, while hugging me. I JUST WANT TO CRY HUHU MAMIMISS KO SI MA'AM  "
" :  lmao why are people pressed about this? there are so many filipino merries and there no doubt they have a bigge"
" : what i would give to see two filipino men be able to kiss on national television when i was growing up  "
" hay mas nagpamahal sa akin sa pagsusulat sa filipino "
"Urgently required Filipino girls for beauty salon  Dubai "
"One of the best filipino horror film so far! #Eerie"
"    If you can provide me a link that would say that it is 100% "
" : filipino leg #Bring8OnFUMIYA"
"Di pa pala ako officially Filipino  "
"  My Filipino hubby is going to be excited about this!!"
"So i just finished one filipino romcom dann baru inget, dulu ada moment dimana w super gabut jadi menonton semua "
"all these  filipino posts... present... filipino yeaaaaaaaahh "
"Officially a Filipino because of the Pigsa #Bring8OnFUMIYA"
" : Fumiya: My leg is almost gone. Ah no no no! My injury is almost gone.  natawa ako sa Filipino leg dahil nagkapigsa."
"Yung testpaper ko sa filipino binilang ko kumpleto kinabukasan tatatlo nalng biglang nawala d ko namn ginagalaw"
"good job you officially a filipino  #Bring8OnFUMIYA"
" : The only Filipino channels I watch are : ESPN5/Cignal (for Basketball) and GMA7 (for KyRu).  isa nalang kasi.."
"Fumiya: My leg is almost gone. Ah no no no! My injury is almost gone.  natawa ako sa Filipino leg dahil "
"filipino leg #Bring8OnFUMIYA"
"Binatang Filipino yeah! #pinoy #summer #tiktok "
"getting drunk in a filipino way "
"THIS BITCH IS THE WHITEST PERSON IN CLASS AND SHE SAID THAT SHES BEEN MISTAKEN FOR A MUSLIM , FILIPINO, AND ASIAN S "
" Filipino language"
" : Let's continue celebrating Filipino pride!  News Pilipinas! TV Week in Review episode 12 featuring: BOYS's upc"
" : HELLO FILIPINO FANS OF ! many of y'all know,  and I will be heading to KL this Thursday. Si"
" : There a lot of nuance in the African diaspora:-Latinx. African-American. Afro-Asian. call myself Afro-Filipi"
" : He who gives alms to the poor faces heaven.  Filipino proverb [29650]"
"Stupid Filipino comments without context "
"My dad called me just now to buy him many Filipino delicacies and bring it to our house in Japan next week lol"
"Thank you for your overwhelming support, Filipino Ongmins!  we hit the 500 follower mark, we'll draw the win "
"TOXIC FILIPINO CULTURE!!! FUCK THAT SHIT CULTURE!!!"
" i honestly don know if this is real or a gd set-up but i teach you guys essential filipino words whe "
"My Filipino mom when she was pregnant: |              ||              ||               |                 | "
" : Let us hold our elected officials to the HIGHEST STANDARD. Honesty is a basic requirement in government. We should stop"
"Lito Custido has worked in the Mater Hospital kitchens for the past 16 years. Last week, he ran an incredible 346km "
" : Signed, sealed and all set! Factor is proud to have  as the first Filipino brand ambassador! #JennylynMe"
" :  "
" : The LAYA Arts &amp; Music Festival 31 - Jun 2, 2019 Beach Resort, Zambales the BEST of the FILIPINO BEAT"
"Filipino folk song performed in jazz guitar ensemble Ka Man (Wherever Your Are - Recorded version) "
" : Panelo: May magagawa ba tayo? Palace says of reported harassment of Filipino fishers in Scarborough Shoal.: May mag"
"IQ is falling, society is slowing down:-Indian or Filipino tech support that runs you in circles-airports take fo "
" I am ok thanks, this account has transferred away already - i just wanted to highlight that your leavi "
"APRIL FOOLS DAY: Mahal kita/Crush kita/Magbabago nako Vlogger: Titigil na kaming magyoutube/Paa "
" Can you tell the boys how much Filipino fans want to see you guys paint concerts Mania violet pls"
" : Tamang shade shade lang ata ulet sa filipino bukas "
"Legit HAHHAHA typical filipino parents  "
"Toxic Filipino Culture: medals = Good future medal = No future"
"Tamang shade shade lang ata ulet sa filipino bukas "
" : RETWEET THIS !!! Twitter do your thing and MAKE them run them cameras !! "
" : FILIPINO SWIFTIES! Wala lang, hanap ko lang kayo. Let's be mutuals and praise our Taylor Swift in own language."
"Fuck, there's Filipino again--"
" : Y can prank me today my whole life is already a joke"
"I should make an emo playlist"
" whats wrong if iprefer nimo ang uban na language kaysa filipino??? this is retarded"
"  Hi Daniel, advance happy bday, your Filipino fans is always supporting u and also your friends. We love you"
"Attend a concert of a Filipino who only proud to be Filipino for clout? But shames our own culture and focuses on "
"Here we come Philippines  so excited to see our Filipino #Viberz Can wait to start this Asia tour  Let go "
" : My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 |"
" : Nipsey Hussle &amp; LA Police Comissioner Steve Soboroff were scheduled to meet today to discuss ways to help the youth &amp; st"
" stupid girl i cant even tell if shes malay or chinese or even filipino"
"A book we are loving? DOCUMENTS () by #JanHenryGray Rooted in the experience "
" Hello there, thank you for your tweet. I'm very sorry to read this. Drop us a PM and we can discuss "
" Hindi na malamig ehh, so soup haahaha. Di ako fan ng filipino horror ehhhhh"
" HAHA. chessy af pero tru noh. kita ray makasabot sa isat isa unsa diay. laban uy! filipino na baya ang board exam "
"menstruation free porn black girl homemade video naked picture of trina hot sex seduction homosexual  pussy filipin "
"I TELL YOU OF POWER RANGERS= GREATES WEAKNESS OF FILIPINO== WORD IN COURAGE THEY SAY  COW "
" : they are all pure and handsome Filipino boys is BoybandPH#OneLoveForBoybandPH "
"nammiss ko yung mga ngiti mo CHAROT HAHAHAHAHAHA YUNG FILIPINO VINES TALAGA NAMMISS KO EHH HAHAHAHAHAHA"
" filipino ba ni?"
"#Poetas, let's begin #NationalPoetryMonth with my  interview, conducted by Abigail Licad on the #Filipino "
"Former food truck  combines Southeast Asian tastes for a fun and approachable experience. "
" FYI i transferred a connection over on Wednesday last week, but just got an email stating We heard you t "
"When my patient found out that I Filipino, she immediately asked me if I knew  from the other hospital sorry i don"
" : Art by Jose Martinez of . Represents #CesarChavez  &amp; #LarryItliong legacy of building coalition"
""
" : big lol "
"huh?!? parang halos lahat ng dessert na Filipino kelangan ng buko, pag walang buko parang plain lang "
"They just want what's best for your future. but everytime i get a failing grade, my own family would start to deg "
" oo kay abi lage na ah sagdi filipino time hahahahaha ayun wala"
"Was at a Filipino wedding, and while I understand tones, I don't understand the language.  boyfriend translated "
"Bigyan nyo naman ho ako ng talino para matapos na feasib namin tas may dyaryo pa ko na gagawin at baby thesis na fi "
"hay filipino onces kung alam niyo lang,,,, cheer up na kayo"
"The Filipino guys who usually say this are: ugly, mukhang tatay, mga tatay, mga tambay and many more na kapunyetaha "
"tapos na rin ang defense sa research! filipino naman"
" : We're proud to finally unveil the first Filipino wax figure, none other than Pia Wurtzbach !  #PiaMadeIconic #PiaWurtzbach"
"Chinese envoy reminds Filipino fishers of West PH Sea &amp;#8216;limits&amp;#8217; "
"as a filipino boy, this is NOT how all of us act "
" ayos lang yan ako nga filipino pa bagsak ko e"
"Akala ko pag naka graduate na ako kahit di gaano katalinuhan nmHindi na mabubulky bagkus mas ikakaunlad ng bansa,pe "
" : Hello  One unintended consequence. My Filipino wife, says its national recruitment agency has removed the"
"Maybe I don't do some efforts for this, but, I love them badly. am a Filipino Citizen, from Manila.  eyes o "
" Go ahead Colmenares if you want to go to war. You are very brave and strong then why not. Huwag na kay "
"Wow! Filipino style. "
" : some of you misunderstood, there wont be a #TVXQinManila .... yet ;) but Filipino Cassies are requesting for it."
"Pasar Filipino,Sabah. "
"kalimot mong pia, the it girls and some filipino actress/actor whose been married an alien? i mean the genes bro oh "
"Was at a Filipino wedding, and while I understand tones, I don't understand the language.  boyfriend translated "
"This place is full of racists. Most of them are 'half Filipino' half chekwa "
"In 1965, mainly Filipino workers organized the Delano Grape Strike. The striking workers were joined by Cesar Chave "
"A group of Filipino fishermen ask #ICC to investigate China for alleged crimes against humanity by undermining the "
" : nalaman mong 50 items quiz sa filipino tapos may dialogue test: "
"Proud Filipino! "
" It's like the greatest Filipino song of modern times"
"my filipino mom when she was pregnant |              ||              ||               |                 | "
"The music video is the first music video I remember watching in MTV. I always found it interesting kasi I am sure I "
" ooohh, sayang no.1 is the same as the definition of sayang here in filipino :)"
"  But that does not mean China can freely exploit WPS!! That is Filipino territory and "
"he loves rice. he IS filipino "
"All I want to do this spring break is be lazy and watch Filipino movies "
" : so walang scantron sa filipino bukas hahahahahahahahahahaha"
"12. we're about as filipino as it gets i think"
" : Idk if this type of work will get me into an art/design school and the uncertainty is *KILLING* me but I gotta let my wor"
"Filipino veterans, kinilala sa ika-74 taon nang paglaya ng Bicol sa mga Hapones"
"toxic filipino trait: uyab kay foreigner they'll look you down and tan aw nila for money purposes lang"
"#PBB8BigIslandAdventure is not familiar with Filipino foods.."
"#AFPLeaks #PinoyLulzSec the Database of Filipino Soldiers Below. ;) Part of One of the Worst Military D "
" mamafina's in manhattan! u should also check out woodside in queens bc theres a lot of filipino places there"
"#niece #pisenablefam #uncle #april1 #monday #1stapril #pinoyabroad #april1st #pinoy #pinoyinthailand "
" : niggas who've been following Retro for a minute understand what i mean when i say that i'm proud of you bruh. real live le"
"17 Filipino seafarers from burning ship evacuated to Halifax - "
" Filipino-American  not Philippine-America "
" : A few people messaged me today asking whether they should do an internship or not. took 5 internships in college. Tha"
"yall can call vice cosmetics jej and baduy but the brand is actually doing so much for the local beauty market from "
"puta oo nga pala finals sa filipino HAHAHAHAHA"
"  from what the family witch doctor told us, in the filipino culture we say it like clo "
"happy almost april 2nd john is filipino mayhaps even filipino-chinese also fuck you"
"11:11 I hope my tinker bell get the love that she really deserves :)  So you filipino? "
"Hit the ground running whether the race is a marathon or a spr... More for Aries "
" over on this side of the pond, we lesrn that jokes are 50% true. U filipino u should know that :((("
"tho walang downside yung movie, yung mga moviegoers naman yung meron. toxic filipino moviegoers yung pinipre-empt n "
"11 na pero katatapos ko palang sa Filipino "
" Umm let's tick off what LA does better: Vietnamese, Filipino, Mexican, Oaxacan, Sichuan, poke, Japanese, sa "
"My #InstantPot #Filipino Pork Menudo can go fr family meal to party fare &amp; cooks in half the time (New)- Asian In A "
"The best Filipino Horror Movie that I've watched so far! #Eerie Congratulations, Bea Alonzo, Ms. Charo, casts and p "
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant with me:|              ||              ||               | "
"So for younger generations, please consult your parents and don't be shy to tell them what you want. Tell them you "
"Masarap lang siya nung bata tayo pero ngayon idk worst filipino invention"
" You Are Half FiLipino po?"
"Come and pay your fav Filipino acoustic duo a visit tomorrow night (Tuesday April 2nd) from 8pm-11pm at "
" : I call on the Filipino people to support the remaining bastions of democracy. Press freedom is not only for journalists bu"
"this is so fucking awkward, one of my customer is a filipino "
"RD is #home #netflixandchill #mirror #selfie #face #smile igersph #igdaily #igaddict #instadaily #vsco #pinoy "
" ..Filipino fishers (who are fishing in OUR own sea) should know their limits. 2/2"
"kaya ayoko rin kapag filipino style spaghetti kasi yung tamis galing sa banana ketchup  "
"eto probably yung first filipino movie na napanuod ko in the longest time na halos lahat sumisigaw, ganda nung stor "
"The only Filipino channels I watch are : ESPN5/Cignal (for Basketball) and GMA7 (for KyRu).  isa nalang kasi "
"Apr 1 Specials-Homemade Meatloaf w/Mashed Potato &amp; Mixed Vegetables;-Thai Chicken w/Rice, Vegetable;-Pork Sinigang"
"FILIPINO STYLE SPAGHETTI SAUCE IS THE WORST LIKE UGH SPAGHETTI TAPOS ANG TAMIS NUNG TIMPLA ?????!!! :/ "
" There like 4 million Filipino Americans to 400k Nigerian Americans. It makes sense"
"WTF is with April Fools, man. I read one manga that is translated to filipino and another manga with the pictures distorted."
"  is that filipino? or another country? i think angie spoke smth similar too. bahasa, i think?"
"Pati pala lamp at research paper sa filipino bukas na rin ipapasa"
"Ate nagrebyu ka na?  oo nga,,, filipino nga yung inaral ko eh "
" : My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 |"
" Filipino Swifties. Let's follow each other. "
"Dunno why my Australian boyfriend saying Filipino words (even super basic ones like ) really makes me feel so * "
" : bonus na ang pagkapanalo ng salita namin, yung totoong tagumpay is yung makita ni ma'am na ang Flores nag eexcel sa la"
" : I honestly have no idea what I would do without mine "
"ang gagaling nga naman talagapag may kailangan. always filipino culture"
" THE FILIPINO GAY COMMUNITY IN 2 MINUTES AND 11 SECONDS- fem gays one-sidedly adore and fighting o "
"  , please give credit to where credit is due. Banaue Rice Terraces were built "
"Now I have to settle things for my college course. Engineering or Education major in Physical Science? "
"filipino got me good"
"There's not a lot of Filipino in the Bay Area? Really? We have 3 million Pinoys, We have 10 Jollibees, 10 Chow King "
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 | "
"chill lang while listening Filipino greatest rappers"
"Aaron Castillo if so, safety regulations will push up the prices and salary. But customers need to buy Filipino pro "
"Hindi lamang ang Kamuning Summit ang target nila... naghahanda na rin daw sila para sa pag-akyat sa Commonwealth Su "
"ano magandang filipino movie  MEET ME IN ST. GALLEN FAVE KO TALAGA YON HAHAHAHA "
"'di ko talaga tanggap na kasama ako sa may mga parangal. buhat ako kapag by group, lalo na sa filipino at pr."
"Binatang filipino. "
"There other mixed members in Exile Tribe  ( Half African) ( Half African) ( Half African ( Half Filipino)"
"Quick Filipino-Style Rib-Eye Steaks (Bistek Tagalog) Recipe | SAVEUR "
" If only makuha Muna census ng Mga Filipino workers na kokompleto sa build build projects before hiring foreign nationals."
"     For me, as a Filipino you don't have the right to sa "
" : Lisa Teaser Video is currently at no. 2 YT trending here in the Philippines The power this girl holds is enough to ki"
"ICYMI : Senator Sonny Angara para sa kapakanan ng mga Overseas Filipino Workers! Narito ang kanya m "
" :  Good grief! Sige sabihin mo ng may illegal Filipino workers sa China. But they don't go lording in China an"
"People with good dreams and high hopes... the filipino people don deserve them... salute to to you guys!"
" : Tinolang Manok ni San Pedro Chicken soup Filipino style. #goodsaturday #bonappetit #chickensoup #panlasangpinoy #pagkaingpi"
" : Laban lang tas upat kabo ok noh? Science, Math, English, Filipino "
"  See?. That's a normal reaction from a normal Filipino."
" Sino lang ang binatang filipino HAHAHA"
" surely the filipino ghosts wont come to australia i think youre safe SHDJDJ"
" : filipino boys be calling korean boys gay bc of how pretty they look well it your loss that filipina fall inlove to"
" Good grief! Sige sabihin mo ng may illegal Filipino workers sa China. But they don't go lording in Chin "
" : Binatang Filipino challenge is accepted jusko ko po hahaha#ChallengeAccepted #DalagangPilipinaChallenge "
"i want to watch a quality filipino film :("
" : this actually happens a lot, this is why i don support filipino rappers  "
"re lrt it is the tea i need it is the tea every filipino needs"
"Why do Pinoys think it's okay to operate on Filipino Time? - When In Manila #WIMxShazam  "
"ya just so you know, i a pure filipino!! SO KUNG TAGA PH KA FOLLOW MO KO MAMSH HIHIHIHI AND YEZ ALAM KO YUNG PUTANGINA SYEMPRE HAHAHAHA"
"Sana gawing teleserye yung I love yous since 1892 ni Binibining Mia. Para malaman ng bawat isa kung gaano kaganda "
" arrive the 9th, leave the 12th I think. just a short-ish trip for some visa admin, filipino admin, lo "
" is this how much the Filipino people funded BONG GO'S MALASAKIT CENTERS???"
"something just came into me Dalaga's beat is just a plain ripoff of Mac Miller and HONNE's Robin lol, this is why u "
" Isang binatang filipino ye! "
" : Mga nakolekta ko sa Club Filipino kanina. Bukas, ikakabit ko yan sa harap ng bahay namin, sa bahay ng mga kamag-anak a"
" Binatang Filipino Yah! "
" Yup! But what's that Filipino vibe, though? "
" : to the filipino youth"
"Hay ang yabang. Hay ang taas ng standards. Hay ang baba magbigay ng grade. Hay grabe talaga ang hirap ng Filipino h "
" : I met Randy Gonzales one random day in the streets of NYC a couple years ago. He was shooting for his company that makes"
"di ba talaga uso ang kumatok sa filipino household? alam mo pwede kasing nakahubad ako sa kwarto at di ko na kasala "
"Filipino-Spanish magazine launched - #qrcode #qrcodes #MondayMotivation #mondaythoughts "
"Lets run free gc as filipino food: [a thread]"
" ay di pala filipino mom mo?"
" no i not filipino :o"
"         "
"Today we were visited by Jeppe Galorio, who came to talk to our GIFT, Caritas and Stewards of Change teams about th "
"Filipino products will be much less expensive in the Philippines in the end. I read an news article about a politic "
"Most products with Japanese family names in the Philippines are actually produced by local Filipino manufacturers w "
"I wonder if the Filipino economy would slow down provided all the safety regulations on buildings and vehicles for "
"toxic filipino culture "
"Lisa Teaser Video is currently at no. 2 YT trending here in the Philippines The power this girl holds is enough "
"Binatang Filipino challenge is accepted jusko ko po hahaha#ChallengeAccepted #DalagangPilipinaChallenge "
"Bc of eerie, I personally can say that Filipino horror movie has improved "
" : On the day one of the biggest Balikatan military exercises between PH and US soldiers was about to begin, Filipino milit"
"to the filipino youth "
" : Selama ni... they were just talking in Filipino "
"Chinese naman daw kase ako KSJDJSKSJSKJSSKJSKSJS sa pagkakaalam ko Ma Filipino ako "
"Literalmente la  cosa que une a todos los pueblos, lo  que un ingl tiene en com con un mapuche, un ta "
" : If the shots are all that's important and not the substance, then screw Netflix. This show uplifts my being a Filipino."
"ayyy it's the literal shit trash of the filipino people "
"*The Filipino People"
" Parece un travesti filipino modelo de fitness."
"The World Disco Soup Day 2019 Manila is officially included in the calendar of activities for the National Filipino "
"Sehun rapping/singing in Filipino. Wow ://t.co/26PxfqJhvr"
"Fav. Filipino Band?  IV OF SPADES !!  "
" : AirAsia Philippines is finally launching its first direct flight from the Philippines to Japan in July, as it aims to tap the"
" : Somehow, history has footnoted the extensive narrative of Marcelo H. Del Pilar as the most vigorous propagandist in acute fa"
"is nanata a quarter filipino ??? this lore goes so deep "
"  Pag wala pong rosary at rosary guide HAHAHAHAH English Filipino"
"Dalagang Filipino yeah  sayo wanya ka active na ko ha"
"Philippine Geogreen 10th year anniversary makes sustainable living a reality for Filipino homes! #GeoGreen #GoGreen "
" HAHAHAHAHA pano mag kakaron ng best hirap sa filipino"
"Eskrima Double Knife Drill | Filipino Martial Arts "
" Yiee Filipino pride "
"Almost forgot, we watched Eerie earlier today and damn!  Hoping for more Filipino horror movies like such. Love "
"Being Filipino doesn make you less of an artist nor less of a person compared to any other artists outside of the "
"Issa SIGI BANH MI baby  today your can get our #Filipino Banh Mi on a buttered demi baguette with longan "
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant: |              ||              ||               |                 | "
"Read a comment where a person is shaming Mar and Korina for getting pregnant via surrogacy. Idiot person said  "
" : Toxic Filipino family culture: when something bad happens to you they scold you nonstop instead of showing some concern."
"Ang ganda ng topic sa bawal ang pasaway with Winnie Monsod tungkol sa ICC,soberanya at harassment sa Filipino fishermen"
"Hindi pa ako nakakagawa sa filipino takte"
"im so so soooo saaad babe :--( maybe i'll see u next time, jus kno ur filipino fans love u so soo muuuch  "
"Fuhhhh settle semua cite filipino kat Netflix aku tengok "
" : Zhao:  think we are concerned about the livelihood of fishermen from both sides. And if they think they can fish in t"
" : seniors, read this "
" : As much as I hate school, I definitely gonna miss all the people I gotten close to this was an everyday thing for"
" : The Balikatan exercises, which opened at Camp Aguinaldo, will have around 7,500 Filipino and American personnel with a"
"Just watched #WorkinMoms on Netflix and wanted keep up BUT IT AINT GOOD FOR MY MENTAL HEALTH  the protagonis "
"Langya HAHAHA filipino pala gumawa non "
"     When you're  a PRRD supporter, you side with Ch "
"ADOBO CHICKEN ICECREAM NOW! been waiting a while to release this.  With Filipino Food in the limelight, "
"He who gives alms to the poor faces heaven.  Filipino proverb [29650]"
"For a typical Filipino size, how big is big for you? Yung masaya ka na sa ganung size na papasok sa yo.  So the gl "
" pakisalin po sa filipino HAHAHAHAHAHHAA"
"as i got into an Uber this morning my driver goes yo are u filipino.... and do u like hip-hop? and proceeded to f "
"        "
" : Patingin nga ng kilig ng isang binatang Filipino! #TODASagotNiGelay "
"     Why do you keep pressing that I side with "
"Dami rin palang nadale ng Dunkin sa AFD. LOL  ^_^ "
"My Filipino Vocabulary is shaking. Huhuhu. "
"thought it'll set a standard for filipino horror films but eh"
"The root problem of this country is the mindset of the people are usually raised and conditioned to atta "
"  salamat po"
"   DALAGANG FILIPINA YEAH DALAGANG FILIPINO YEAH"
"  Tagging my favorite Filipino - ."
" : a filipino mentality i'll never be proud of mga bAsUra "
"April Fools huh.  time people confess their love for you and then take it back, but like Filipino time. So it "
" : It's one of the best local films I've seen. Sobrang peak Filipino family comedy drama, and while there are a number of issu"
"Ladies and gentlemen, a toxic filipino culture  "
" : And Rebreb, the bunso who is now all grown up. Their decisions as characters make so much sense, adding weight to their int"
"(i hope its not too late for #TransDayOfVisbility #TDOV hhhhhh) i faith (they/them)!!! a filipino no "
"Born Beautiful (2019): 4/5 more progressive Filipino queer film than the one above, it opens up a discussion on g "
"yung filipino namin mas ucsp pa kaysa sa mismong ucsp namin"
"Ahhhhh this is really the best filipino song ever!!!! don't  me. "
"Kahit kanino pa ako bumagsak wag lang sa filipino "
"a filipino mentality i'll never be proud of mga bAsUra "
" yess galing ni abby go upstair hehe pero wala bang best in filipino? HAHAHAHA"
"SELLING!(14) 5k+ acc - P480 each(1) 30k acc with lots of filipino celeb follows {good offers please!}(1) 49.3k w "
" : cause of death: filipino lt"
"Not an #AprilFools but fact: Commission on Population reported Filipino parents still refuse to discuss and te "
"british: what is tuhod?: its when an object is very solid, its TU-HOD. "
" : yung gusto mo isipin na april fools prank lang yung no scantron exam sa filipino bukas pero baka masaktan ka lang sa huli pa"
" Oo promise, di nimo ma feel nga filipino "
"Sana siya nalang lagi teacher ko sa filipino"
"fucking toxic filipino culture wherein they say na music and arts is a no brainer shit para sa aming future"
"Dawn is korek! Andre should try naman to learn Filipino language,  parati mattranslate ni Lou lahat.  a li "
" : Rip Nipsey Hussle Lil Snupe Speaker Knockers Dex Osama Fredo Santana Capital Steez Chinx Bank"
"Fantastic training seminars this past weekend with our guest instructor from Sweden, Master Johan Skalberg.  He sha "
" i am not filipino but i know this song!"
" TUOD NA KAMI SA RSRCH AND ICT PERO HUHUHUHU ROBOTICS AND FILIPINO???? WHHYHU"
" : Spooky Filipino Superstitions You Might Not Know About- a thread"
"aw  filipino people are defrading their kapwa filipino and it's so sad to know it!!!! That man fought hard to reac "
": dika madaldal pag filipino class eh  HAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHA sorry seryoso lang magaral pag si ma milly na yung teacher "
"      I am female, two daughters, one a teacher "
"Filipino Captain medevaced after heart attack VIDEO "
"puta filipino major na ata ako SOBRANG DAMI NG IMEMEMORIZE GRABE MY SCIENCE CORE SUBJECT (BIOLOGY) IS SHAKING"
"woah binatang filipino ye "
"What is your favorite flavor of ice cream?  i stan filipino flavors so, ill go with ube :&gt; (i like cookies&amp;cream) "
" : Kung inaancha mo ang MUSLIM &amp; DIFFERENTLY ABLED Darna, e 'di dapat may problema ka rin kay non-binary Darna, PanDarna,"
"Filipino Twitter do you know this song? "
" Yes, from your father who I believe from what I had seen and experience during the time he was pres "
" The people who created their Facebook accounts to support the candidacy of PRRD are fresh ones who showed "
"'Yung logo na ginawa ko sa MS Word noong High School ako as Kapisanan ng mga Mag-aaral sa Filipino (KAMAGFIL) Presi "
" HALA Y PO FILIPINO ??"
"half half ka ba? di ka kase mukhang filipino  Weh? Pure filipino po ako hehehe "
"With Honors Student in Communication Arts in Filipino  off  "
"#Asian-#representation is important to me. #Filipino-#storyteller. It'll be fun to collab w/ #DericMcCabe &amp; "
" Overnight hindi lang para sa isang subject. One night for Research, Robotics, Filipino dadagdag pa diya "
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant with me |              ||              ||               | "
"#Repost  (get_repost) #TheGeneralsDaughter , Natatanging Filipina Sa "
"so ari na jud wala jud ko kasulat para sa filipino kay gina bigaan ko sa dimunyuuuuu na silpun na ni"
"Patrabaho trabaho ako pero may exam sa Filipino Goodluck to me"
"Ini-stress ako ng Filipino pwede bang magdala ng sewing machine!!!!"
"jae's ex is a half filipino"
" My brother and I grew up half Filipino a few clicks away from you in Northern VA. He had a time of it as a "
" : April Fools is Cancelled we not in the mood today"
" : Toxic filipino culture;  mong ipaliwanag yung side mo sa mas nakakatanda sayo kahit alam mong ikaw yung tama. "
" :  Correct ka dyan sir natuto na ang mga Filipino! at Pacquiao... puro boxing pa din ang inaatupa"
"DI PAPASOK BUKAS FILIPINO "
"Sabi ko non never again sa filipino horror movie, pero Eerie di mp ko pinahinga HAHAHA"
" : Appears White Australian men pedophiles abusing innocent children is a huge problem - largely swept under the carpet by many"
"Filipino Americans Community Center today job site "
"nasayang isang oras ko sa pagaaral ng filipino??? eh di naman kasama bukas??? "
" really sweet mutual, one of the people I could feel casual with here  and one of my precious Filipino moots (kung di ako nagkakamali )"
"Feeling varsity picture.    with, John, our cousin from LA.  Club Filipino "
" : all i saying is trump would be so much cuter if he was filipino"
" : As announced at , I'm thrilled to share the great 's stunning design of WAVE, Marvel's new Filipino superhero! G"
"degrading other people because of what they look like, that so filipino. "
" :  FILIPINO JIHAN AU na kung saan si joshua ay wedding planner at isa sa mga bessywaps nya ay ikakasal na. sa kasagsagan"
"today on another episode of toxic filipino culture "
"Praise the Lord for a great attendance for the celebrating of the 17th Filipino Ministry Anniversary! "
"accept what ur skin color is be proud kapwa filipino binababa nakaka disappoint lang :&lt;"
" : Ambot uy pero nakita nako ang LouDre na murag JaDine na kanang Half ang Boy tas Pure Filipino Girl myghaaaad There aint nothi"
" lololol hi im an ugly filipino army"
" Nope  For seven years of existence here, no one thought about me being Filipino except if they see me using it lmao"
"Unpopular opinion: Filipino are Filipino kahit anong paliwanag mo mali."
"12. i am still struggling with the filipino language lmao"
"Yes! Tapos na major pt ko sa filipino! Whoooo!"
"BUT WAIT, THERE MORE! Another Filipino family favorite movie we will be talking about tomorrow is: SEVEN SUNDAYS! "
"may 100+ historical figures pa kong isesearch tas tangina im wasting my time hahahha yes naman time wasters based sa filipino"
" : The LAYA Arts &amp; Music Festival 31 - Jun 2, 2019 Beach Resort, Zambales the BEST of the FILIPINO BEA"
" : Guys u don't need to be good speak in english, as long as u understand and U can speak even it's grammatically error it's"
"Honestly, gikapoy nagyud ko aning pagsasalin aning filipino ay. Tag as pa gyud kaayo samoka oy"
"this isn a sick april fools joke omg i just realized it april 1st but anyways yeah i love girls and boys and th "
" filipino."
" :  Pwede with a touch of female psych or filipino psych..... and naive characters scarred by distinct"
"A woman becomes a reflection of how you treat her... if you don like how she acting look at how you treating her . "
"  This is available for Filipino uwoo only but we're planning to have a giveaways worldwide soon. "
"ok epekto to ng Kakagawa ko ng slogan para sa Filipino"
" U bout to be Filipino for real for real  ima mo"
"Kasi marami nang walang good manners at right conduct ngayon?    I-push na yan! "
"Toxic Filipino Culture: Magmumukha kang bastos kapag inexplain mo yung side mo."
"Ayan nagsalita na si Digong: honor of Jim Paredes  hereby declare every first day of April as National Jakol D "
" : My filipino mom when she was pregnant: |              ||              ||               |                 |"
"Ambot uy pero nakita nako ang LouDre na murag JaDine na kanang Half ang Boy tas Pure Filipino Girl myghaaaad There "
"a mixture chinese, austrian and filipino. should i? HAHAHAHAH #chesmes"
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 | "
" BAYYY WILLING TO WATCH AGAINNN OYYY ambot bayyy like same feeling after ko nag watch ug bird shot ug buybust "
" Asan ang diplomatikong pamamaraan sa pagharap s tsina?! Ito nb yun?!? Diplomatiko b ang panghaharas "
"Filipino Boy Group Hashtag's Member, Luke Conde was Seen Fanboying Park Minyoung, Showing Her Support for Her Upcom "
"Are you a lesbian  i'm a filipino are you dumb "
" : Ba parang halos lahat ng medj underrated na Filipino artists laging halos used beat ska sample ginagamit? Hahahaaha ekoj"
"Andre should exert a lil effort to learn and understand Filipino.  offense pero mas magaling pa c Fumiya sa kan "
" ahhh filipino pride hahaha"
" :   Filipino normie"
"Guys u don't need to be good speak in english, as long as u understand and U can speak even it's grammatically erro "
" : The country marks Filipino Food Month tomorrow! Tweet us your favorite local comfort food. #CNNPHAsks "
"Well, most Filipino HK residents are musicians.  ring ang role mo ay anak ng musician. Or half-Filipino, half "
" THANK U SIR ! mabuhay ang wikang Filipino at ang puso mong patay pa rin ata (?) chz i miss u so much sir sobra "
"Suan   khalifa? galing sa Filipino at isa rin sa di mo gugustuhing makaharap sa debate"
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant: |              ||              ||               |                 | "
"Filipino thread incoming++ 's for my totga all along"
"Old filipino films and that synth soundtrack that's overdramatic"
" :           "
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant: |              ||              ||               |                 | "
"Ba parang halos lahat ng medj underrated na Filipino artists laging halos used beat ska sample ginagamit? Hahahaaha ekoj lang."
"I am loving this #SigawDarna thread. Filipino artists ftw!"
" This is why I embrace my English side more than my Filipino."
"Knife attack - One man stabs multiple cops, kills one - "
" KSKSKSKS it's sounds like 'Sira'but with a 'n', Sira means broken in Filipino lol"
"agh hindi man sa ano i hate filipino movies"
"Table for Filipinos please. Had a chance to dine with diferrent Filipino Microsoft Partners.  feeling joyful at Sh "
" : What do you do?I get fucked for a living.Like a porn star?No, like a Filipino citizen."
" Hahahaha pero feeling ko ang akala niya yung ac2 tinutukoy ko dyan e kaya sad haha. Filipino kasiii talaga "
"Roman Catholic sister accept Islam /Filipino.. Emotional with new Muslims sisters "
"  TO FUMIYA do you think you have learned so much inside the house? what filipino culture do "
" How about filipino food?"
"Anyare sa filipino ko ginibo ko man ngani si best ko ano ta dae pa nag taas"
" : april fools in #MNL48://t.co/2yad0LaQu7"
"Classic Filipino Breakfast yuh  "
" : Bianca Alva states that the addition of a subject similar to FLC where other Filipino languages can be chosen cannot be comp"
"april fools in #MNL48://t.co/2yad0LaQu7"
"Uyy lumalaban etong Filipino sa History huh"
"Sometimes I regret being a filipino "
"Hi everyone!!! I am currently crowdsourcing for a friend of mine!  you a GUY? To be more specific, a cis male, "
"Lagi akong proud sayo at sa lahat ng achievements mo papii. Kahit na Filipino nalang dinudugo ka pa HAHAHAHAH  tha "
" : Toxic Filipino Culture only agree if you tell them negative things about you. Pag may sinabi kang something positi"
" Pwede with a touch of female psych or filipino psych..... and naive characters scarred by d "
" : Maricel Soriano is a blessing to the Filipino audience. #SampalNiManangIsabelle"
"  Hoping to win one of this.... thanks in advance. Also I am a filipino and is hoping and prayi "
"Toxic Filipino Culture: born again ka, perfect ka: Tao lang din kami"
" : Sharing my appreciation for this filipino heroine! #SigawDarna ! "
" : Duterte is 100% Pro-Chinese - not 100% Filipino =  Yang - 100% Chinese = of Presid"
"  LOL Ganda kaya. It very.. Filipino. HAHAHAHA But yeah. Not a fan of the Apolaki merged tribe name."
"Welcome to a new week of Lenten podcasts, this time with Filipino brother Raoul Dominic Roque Roncal, right here "
" : I think our Filipino neighbor is cooking malagkit na may gata. I can smell it from my backdoor.#BarbiePHinspiringWoMAiNE"
"bonus na ang pagkapanalo ng salita namin, yung totoong tagumpay is yung makita ni ma'am na ang Flores nag eexcel sa "
"Indian   Lankan ?????? "
" : pa rant ha. di ko lang kasi gets mga filipino kahit may magandang ginawa kapwa nila babash pa rin nila? the fuck. stop ba"
"Filipino netizens are livid over the claim of travel guide Lonely Planet that the world-famous Banaue Rice Terraces "
"Pinasayaw sa MAPEH , Pinarole-play sa FILIPINO;Diko alam skwelahan paba to o Star Hunt?"
"Toxic Filipino Culture: bigla kang yumaman, nakahukay ka ng ginto."
" : And when you don't provide them with what they want, they would give you the the I raised you or Wala kang respeto car"
"Tangina filipino time "
"when the focal point is actually not me... good job! #sirao #siraogarden #littleamsterdam #busay #flowers "
" : On the urgent gov action needed to protect Filipino seafarers#ManggagawaNaman#StandWithWorkers#23DeGuzman https:/"
" Especially now that we talking using Filipino language..."
"  Apparently, they are. They are like the DDS of KPOP. They blindly praise Duterte (Fi "
" gani man!! Hahahah and kabudlay mag Filipino jusq"
"The Filipinos would like to remind this Chinese envoy that the West Philippine Sea is rightfully ours based on the "
"The posporo scene from EERIE was the best, naka ilang pota ako. Gurl perfect jud ang story, acting and cinemato "
" Alam ko kay filipino pa bukas ah HAHAHAHA"
" : That's what the Jetski promise actually meant... Have we learned anything yet Filipino voters? How politicians talk? Bravado"
"feeling major filipino ha huhuhu"
"But presence of Filipino vessels are a threat to the Chinese Sovereignty? Get your shit together Philippines! "
"Toxic filipino culture. "
"Join us as we witness a back-to-back event featuring the SCALE projects of PSHS-WVC Grade 12 scholars and the book "
" epekto nis pt sa filipino HAHAHAHAHAHA"
"fudgeee ganahan kay kos eerie bisan bitin kayng last. gasige ramig singgit ni  HAHAHHAHA hadlok jud s "
" : filipino males r capable of soooo much more than t-shirt and shorts pero masyadong mainit ang pilipinas "
"MAT PAT FROM DDLC= YOU WONDEER MONIKA TRUST YOU HUH  JOHN OSORIO  INTENTION DEFEAT A FILIPINO"
" Ang filipino version ana? Asa man?"
"  many Filipino ARMY's are dying, and they really want to thank you for you teaching them how to love there "
"If the shots are all that's important and not the substance, then screw Netflix. This show uplifts my being a Filip "
"Filipino blinks did not come to play  #KILLLTHISLOVE "
"[Filipino]light plastic pallets na may light duty mula sa factory china "
"I love this filipino blueboy  "
"Day 1 | #31DaysOfLegends #LegendsOfTomorrow Lancaster [middle+last name redacted]. Dain/Dani/Lance to fri "
"small eyed monkeys. pls die already://t.co/DvcCEUpUgW #Chinese envoy reminds #Filipino fishers of West PH Sea &amp;#8216;limits&amp;#8217;"
" : Congratulations, mga Kapuso! "
"so wait... Philippines also has a thing in the toilet that lets them use water to clean their ass because obviously "
" : Congratulations and welcome to the UPCAT 2019 Passers! Study hard, enjoy your stay in UP, and remember - always, in everyth"
"Filipino Food debate (choose a side):  w/ or w/o pineapple vs. Adobo vs. Carbonara "
" : Not passing my dream university will never be a hindrance for me to reach my goals and to serve the nation in times like the"
"Binatang Filipino, yeah! Makatatanggap ng oo, yeah!#TODASagotNiGelay "
"MAAYONG ADLAW sa tanan! With the recent fire incident in Toril which affects almost hundred families, once again we "
" : Congratulations Beautiful Rhian.. Locsin  Filipino Awards 2019#TGDPaghaharap "
"I was today years old when I found out that chalk in Filipino is yeso"
" Omg????  U look like a filipino actress, janine gutierrez"
" : TOXIC FILIPINO CULTURE: ang bata hindi sinabi ng buo ang LALAKI AKO! bading siya."
"Anoo po award natanggap nyo this 4th grading?  Best in Filipino Awardee (weh) HAHAHA 1 (mas weh) HAHA "
"  Or Opie &amp; Anthony saying Boston Mayor Mumbles Menino died in a fiery car accident with a Filipino Lady Boy."
"Workplace Issues Today: Flow of illegal workers in China and the Philippines   "
"A win is so much sweeter when your the underdogs.*Great to be part of the Makati Mavericks who won the Manila10s "
"A day after Filipino netizens slammed Lonely Planet for mistakenly crediting the Chinese for building the Banaue Ri "
"Celebrated our 15th Monthsary with the Mabayo and Filipino Family! "
" ? hadik, bespar ko to e kaganda pa (kikiligin na ba ko?) katalino nito magaling pa sa filipino, gus "
"Filipinos refer to them as the  Wonder of the World so it no wonder they get a little upset to see Chin "
" :   #FPJAP3Harapan  remind us of FPJ whom loved by the filipino people due to his dedication and great love for"
"Lonely Planet catches ire of Filipino netizens for video saying Chinese built Banaue Rice Terraces "
" : upon request, here's the poem i wrote for my filipino class entitled, Pangako Ko to Sa'yo which is dedicated to my lat"
"filipino comedy shows: *random ass sound effect after a dumbass joke* filipino parents:  HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAA "
"SOME EUROPEANS,BRITISH THEY  VISIT THE PHILIPPINES.AND IF THEY FINDING PERSON(FILIPINO).AS THEIR CONTACT PERSON WHE "
"Reminded of how powerful children's books are. When I was young, I had one that showed two Filipino girls who were "
"doing a filipino research is so hard "
"   They say they only want what best for you because I believe the options for mobi "
"  hmmmm filipino girl? hmmm"
"Let's celebrate Filipino pride and good vibes this Monday night!, we are giving away an Oryspa package to the "
"Please bear with me, I not really used to speaking in Filipino."
"hi philippine government especially deped, can we please invest naman fixed assets to different public schools? The "
" : on my chest: filipino flag wind breaker my head: obey snap back my stomach: jollibee chicken joy and spaghetti i ha"
"A group of displaced tribal children from the southern Philippines have overcome adversity by completing their seco "
"until at the very end of my poem, my filipino teacher suddenly gets up from her seat, walks towards me, and gives m "
" Hindi po pepede na kayong umalis. Tagalog po yan natutunan ko po nung Filipino 10 yung mga words na "
" : toxic filipino culture: laging hinahanap ang wala"
"Isoke. I can translate tagalog for you. Perks of having a filipino writer who lives in Singapore, I guess. Heh. "
""
"i finished and made some revisions right after he passed last november 2018. i took time off school around this thi "
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 | "
"Come on people,You were defending yourselves recently that you still have that admiration in Filipino musics,then P "
"upon request, here's the poem i wrote for my filipino class entitled, Pangako Ko to Sa'yo which is dedicated to m "
"What to expect during National Filipino Food Month "
"/public high school students: u don't owe anything to the mayor. you owe it to the tax-paying filipino citizens mga chong"
"I never see this anymore, but as a kid we used to celebrate with a . You tie toys, candy, money onto a woo "
" : how similar are we?  - left handed - yoongi and beomgyu biased - filipino - pisces - 02 liner"
" Yessss considering na Filipino horror. Makastressssss"
" : From K-12, I was only taught the labor movement stories centered on #CesarChavez and not those including #LarryItliong. I a"
" : other filipino get hate from fellow filipino by trying to speak english language. mistakes are made to learn from, not sto"
" One teenage Filipino girl"
"TINANGGAL NA NGA FILIPINO SA COLLEGE HINDI PA ITINURO NG TEACHER SA SHS!!!! "
"A Filipino film isn't worth giving a shot kapag first day release... wait atleast 2-3 days before the reviews come "
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant: |              ||              ||               |                 | "
"Legendary Lady Spiker, Manilla Santos, to play for the F2 Logistics Cargo Movers in the PSL All Filipino Conference "
" : Top 10 filipino youtuber?..........  1. Ella G. Mamshy Dy. Ace Family. Alex G. L Cadena. Kell"
" Thank you po "
"  alam mo bang sobrang ganda, bait and talino mo  mamimizs ko mga trip natin lol lalo na yung mga "
"other filipino get hate from fellow filipino by trying to speak english language. mistakes are made to learn from, not stop and give up."
"CONGRATULATIONS!'s Primetime Action Queen -  - Gawad Filipino Natatanging Filipina sa Larangan "
"Based on who I follow, twitter thinks I'm a Filipino. Neat. But wrong. Need to start learning Tagalog I guess lol."
" : why sir eli is the classic Filipino Tito sterotype thread :"
"i keep forgetting which of my oomfies are filipino so i always get pleasantly surprised by them"
"for a lot of filipino kids, failing subjects or having low marks felt like the end of the world because the littles "
"  Filipino normie"
"Crush pansinin mo na ko"
"Books by Filipino Americans for Gift Giving  Positively Filipino | Online Magazine for Filipinos in the Diaspora "
"filipino: mahal ko: my love:  COUUUURSSEEE!!!"
"Filipino family values worthy of emulating is being shown again in Sahaya. Indeed in every aspect, family as the so "
"Filipino Heart Cannot Be Broken... can,but God can pretty much glue it together again. Yes...You Can Rise Up "
" Filipino 75"
"Liar! Conspiracy creator! Women rights violator! Fake! Devil! Harasser! Cheater! That's how Filipino men are nowada "
"Isang DALA NA filipino  "
"nakad ado nga old filipino names pilar ken pepe pay lang met nagan jay kambal ni mar ken korina jusme naman hahahah "
"Are we all gonna forget that pabebe is the Filipino version of aegyo"
"imhorpughly convinced that the only reason i'm nice to anyone that's a strainer is bc i'm fucking filipino niggaaaa lick my balls"
"Waaaaaah! I wanna meet you in person Ms.  !  Pls. do meet up with your Filipino fans. "
"u know u're a grown-ass adult when ur filipino ass mother doesn't tell you to watch your language na"
"I am a Fil-Am, half Filipino, half Amazing... the what??? LoLs marunong lang maggitara LoLs.... "
"cmate ko na halos hindi na makahinga dahil nakakuha Lang naman daw kasi siya ng 1.5 sa Filipino, samantalang ako, "
"Top 10 filipino youtuber?..........  1. Ella G. Mamshy Dy. Ace Family. Alex G. L Cade "
" binatang filipino yeah"
"Today a Great Day to Become a Blue Diamond!  Diamond Kollection specializes in premium grade 100% "
"update: it's now medieval filipino slave warrior falls in love with her beautiful korean princess and the queen has "
" : God damn Eerie starring Bea Alonzo is one of the best Filipino movies I have seen so far. The cinematography, symbolism"
"You, Filipino men. Don't expect you can hide on your comfort zone! Karma is by your side! Asshole."
"Bianca Alva states that the addition of a subject similar to FLC where other Filipino languages can be chosen canno "
" OMG AN I LOVE HK SHI IS SO FILIPINO I CANT"
"Action ft Drama Angel Locsin yan eh yung umaaction moves tapos iiyak haisst  ikaw na talaga mahusay kanapo congrats "
"Eerie is ok, the typical jump scare demon kind of a Filipino Horror movies --- but the color, the shots and the fra "
"I know I not Filipino, but I really want a Philippines jacket "
"ang ganda pala ng #SavingSally omg. wishing for more Filipino Animation Films to come! gotta wait for Hayop Ka! #rocketsheep"
" : #agriculture #philippines"
" : Filipino, American and Australian troops will be participating this year's Balikatan exercises w/c will formally start Apri"
"1 toxic filipino culture, is that they'll be hella pressed about somebody's english grammar not constructed properl "
"MANILA  Fishing activities by Filipino and Chinese citizens in the disputed South China Sea can go on as usual esp "
" Digong's subservient demeanor to China emboldens this Chinese envoy to reprimand Filipino fishermen on lim "
" : Filipino-American guard Joshua Munzon will represent the Philippines in the Asia-Pacific Super Quest, where top 3X3 coun"
"If Filipino boys stereotype us girls to always be the one to fix their lives, bullshit their asshole!!! Don't you e "
"A few people messaged me today asking whether they should do an internship or not. took 5 internships in college "
"I pity this friend of mine who's not use to this kind of Filipino culture where everyone should be involved in some "
" :  THIS WORD TO ALL FILIPINO STAYS(This is a thread)  kids is having a concert here on April 27th, If yo"
"i like your filipino accent please say it againpyudipay"
"Filipino-American guard Joshua Munzon will represent the Philippines in the Asia-Pacific Super Quest, where top 3X3 "
"filipino males r capable of soooo much more than t-shirt and shorts pero masyadong mainit ang pilipinas "
"Dislike ko talaga pagrereview sa filipino."
"#AprilTTRPGmaker. I'm Jammi! I'm a big ol' geek &amp; obsess over TRPGs. I've made the sudden leap to being a fledgli "
"Toxic Filipino Culture:  wala ka nag take og examination for scholarship kay Rich kid na dayon ka. hahays!!!"
"Gaano kaganda si clarrette? Hmmm  SOBRANG GANDA NI CLARRETTE KASI SIYA GAGAWA NG BUOD PARA SA FILIPINO NAMIN. WALA "
"toxic filipino culture: laging hinahanap ang wala"
" : i love how webtoons get recognized by filipino people sana madagdagan pa mga nagbabasa to support our beloved creators "
"TOXIC FILIPINO CULTURE; you aren't able to express yourself and to answer your parents kasi ANAK KA LANG naman daw "
"cHAROT HAPPY APRIL FOOLS HAMILTRASH FILIPINO KIDS"
"Wow naman! Ang aga ko 1 hour before shift, andito na agad ako sa office naka-tambay sa lounge nagy-Youtube at Twitt "
"  personally I relate because it like the kind of stuff I saw on Filipino Facebook from my fam i "
"On Sunday, March 24, members of the Filipino Apostolate in the Diocese of Metuchen gathered for a Lenten Retreat at "
" : ANNOUNCEMENT 2: are partnering with , Marvel Philippines, and more to put up the biggest Filipino MCU Fan Gather"
"Lolas' House: Filipino Women Living with War - M. Evelina Galang - Google Books "
" : LOOK: Kelsey Meritt devours Filipino street food first thing back in Manila "
" : Y'all should watch Eerie!!! Such a good Filipino horror movie. Not your typical jumpscare kind-of horror film. "
"rt to be in a filipino once gdm - stans ot9- filo- kalog- friendly - bawal ons- bawal toxic- will start at "
"  Not a huge shock that she'd he in politics still. The children and grandchildren of Ferdin "
" Naay klase oyy Filipino HAHAHA"
" : #EERIE has now become my favorite Filipino horror film of all time. Ah, grabe. The profundity of its entire story and the mea"
"#Repost  (get_repost) , Natatanging Filipina Sa Larangan ng Pag-arte sa Te "
"Ako lang ba or Filipino drama fucking sucks "
"how similar are we? - fangirl- smol creature- multifandom- filipino- january baby- hyung line "
"gaguuu hahahahaha thank u cyrruz mamimiss ko hararum mong filipino  tsaka bako man lang kami sa corridor naglalabi "
"  NIYA IYAHA ACCENT BA MAG KANTA UG FILIPINO NGA KANTA HAHAHAHAHAHA"
" : Chinese envoy reminds Filipino fishers of West PH Sea limits "
"Grateful to have experienced the best Filipino musical ever with the people that I love. #AngHulingElBimbo2019 "
"filipino classic dishes:                               dinuguan"
" : Chinese envoy says Filipino illegal workers also present in China "
" : Going to the Philippines for the  int recruitment drive, I feel grateful and privileged to be both British and Filipi"
"She a filipino herself omg She one of those Filipinos that aspire and try hard to seem like foreigners knowing "
"Chinese envoy reminds Filipino fishers of West PH Sea limits "
"Filipino mentality: mo na tutal ikaw nakakaintindi, ikaw mas matanda."
" : Kaganapan sa Filipino kanina.: Mam, AhBaKaDa nalang Ma'am para hindi kami malito. Campos: Oh sige.*seconds later*"
"Finally finished my English lessons with a nice Filipino aunt Not willing to done the course"
"di na talaga mababago yung pagiging filipino time nakakainis"
"5teachers na gusto mong maging teacher nxt S.Y.  Ma'am Lu, Ma'am Au, Sir Nolasco, Sir PJ, Sir Chavez. SANAAAAA kas "
"Tweet translated to Filipino, Bangla, Slovak, Kiswahili, Korean, Korean, Cantonese (Traditional), Romanian, Tamil, "
"BAT AKO NILALAGNAT MAY ROLEPLAYING KAMEH BUKAS SA FILIPINO SHET"
"eerie is the best filipino horror film so far hehuu"
"(this is filipino) na kita kailangan ututan dahil Fart ka na ng buhay ko eh....(English)  don't need to "
"Wow flying cars are already coming alive! "
"Typical Filipino mentality "
" Wanna try Filipino ice cream? "
" Eating filipino food! How about you?"
"JOBS IN UAE***************** Entry Operator (Filipino Male) - White Knight Laundry LLC - Al Qusais "
"i forgot how to write essays in gOOD FILIPINO AHCJDCJFJCHHSSBD"
"Tapos na namin thesis sa filipino.  nalang. Start ko na now. COZ WHY NOT? THE FIRE IS NOW BURNING INSIDE ME. Cmon finals!"
"Well deserved.  you might have been the first Filipino if your last name started with an A  "
"yung mga names ng section pala namin sa UB high are last names of known Filipino people who are famous in the field "
"Damn Filipino drivers don give a fuck here, but at the same time don cause accidents LOL"
" : Is one's race a part of WOD's qualifications now? Being a Pinoy or a foreigner is not the basis of their scoring. Also, be"
"i still cant believe i passed upcat  wala gud nako nahuman ang language proficiency and filipino tests and nag gue "
"Ang TV ads ng mag-amang #estrada nakaka-gago sa mga Filipino... Sana matuto na ang taong-bayan."
"Papasa tayong lahat tiwala lang.. fools, babagsak tayo lahat sa filipino "
"First Filipino horror film nga nakita nako sa sinehan nga gi palakpakan inig human! woooo eerie! 11/10 "
"  Girl you look like Camille co! She's a filipino blogger! :)"
"Toxic filipino culture though it sucks"
"let  know you a true Filipino "
" sa kanila kasi speaking in filipino is the exception and speaking english is the norm hatdog di siya lumalabas sa bahay niya"
"I really don't understand why it's such a norm in Filipino culture for your tita/mom/lola to call you fat right to "
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 | "
"My dad be talking to me and I only said one expression that is APPROPRIATE and he be getting mad saying he Filipi "
"me, writing a filipino essay: ngunit: OOOOH PINOY AKO"
" : Filipino-American guard Joshua Munzon will represent the Philippines in the Asia-Pacific Super Quest, where top 3X3 coun"
"walang sagot sa Filipino, yeah"
" oh sorry its kind of a playful words in filipino language, i was mesmerized by your beauty thats why i sa "
"Nag paprint ng reviewer sa filipino para gawing props sa nagagalit na nanay hahahaha"
" : I Love You since 1892 inspired (?) woW. Great great. Btw the first Filipino theme i see. Love it "
"No April Fool Joke: Chinese envoy sets limits on our own territorial waters. "
"Filipino Youtuber starter pack every April 1st "
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant to me. |             ||             ||              |                 "
"We're having Balikatan exercises too.That's 5,000 US, Australian and Filipino soldiers combined while there are Chi "
"Best in Research  in Math in English in Ap in Filipino in Bio in Sci in Esp "
"the filipino music industry seriously needs an upgrade. a filipino idol group recently performed on iwant asap and "
"Shems kahilakon ko!  Nabalik na amo wifi after 4 days  Gisingot tawn kog tubag atong Filipino ang language ni ate customer service."
"Ay. Siya pa talaga nag-remind "
" :  filipino meanie/minwon au! hates mingyu's guts. mingyu has a longtime crush on wonwoo. what happens when these tw"
" Macam Asian also and the wife macam filipino or smth apparently sat there was rendang and today got cur "
"FILIPINO MUTUALS! LET'S GO!  "
"    nakalimutan niyo filipino ops HAHAH"
"Hi baka po may nakakita o nakapulot ng ID ko, graduating po kase ako and sobrang need ko po yung ID na yun.: "
" you perfectly thriving right where you are now though!! hayaan mo sila beb. toxic filipino adult c "
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 | "
"Eto yung 1st PT namin sa Filipino pa lang nababawasan na yung DIGNIDAD namin hahaha. 18, 2018 10:15 am  "
"Why Germany?  Because Germany allows Filipino nurses with or without experience to work here with pretty well comp "
" a filipino actor hehehehe"
" : Kanus a kaha ko makagets filipino sa?"
"Tangaan ra ni nako akong fefer sa filipino ez"
"Thoughts on Duterte?  Not perfect but still our president. Doing my part as a Filipino citizen rather than complai "
"One of the best ever musicals that I have experienced, and it's proudly Filipino! of goosebumps, nostalgia and "
" : TOXIC FILIPINO CULTURE: Kapag marunong kang mag english basis nang pagiging matalino Kapag honor student ka taas"
"Toxic Filipino Culture only agree if you tell them negative things about you. Pag may sinabi kang something p "
" : For my record, Sukob is now officially beaten. Eerie is now on top! Best Filipino horror movie so far damn where's my he"
"THE HEA OF THE FILIPINO SHINING THROOOUGGGH~ "
"I Love You since 1892 inspired (?) woW. Great great. Btw the first Filipino theme i see. Love it "
"Totoo pa nga ba na kabataan ang pag asa ng bayan? naman natin na may silakbo pa sa ting mga puso na luma "
" Aklat / Libro  in Filipino"
"Filipino-American guard Joshua Munzon will represent the Philippines in the Asia-Pacific Super Quest, where top 3X3 "
"Majority of the Filipino people have had enough of the honeyed words and promises of the Opposition's LP...of the p "
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 | "
" Valentino , punto filipino. "
"My filipino mom when she's pregnant with me                                                   "
"maghihirap akong magpapirma neto sa filipino nawawala ibang chapter tests tsaka exams ko bat kasi kailangang yun pa ee."
"Filipino telenovelas really love slow mo "
"yez di tuloy filipino"
"Valentino, un punto filipino "
"My roommate got us these Filipino snacks that taste exactly like pan dulce"
" : Congratulations , Natatanging Filipina Sa Larangan ng Pag-arte sa Telebisyon. Maraming Maraming Salamat Gawad Fil"
" : Eerie is super good!!! Got to be my favorite Filipino horror film now "
" No need b for the service of the filipino people to az an rph charot"
"Bianca Alva states that the addition of a subject similar to FLC where other Filipino languages can be chosen canno "
" :  LOOK: Bench endorsers showcase the latest collection from one of the country leading clothing brands in"
" OPO HAHAHAHAHA WALA KASING C SA FILIPINO HEHEZ. SALAMAT POOOO!"
" : Nagsend syag picture nko ug ana sya ipost sooo. Hi guys ds is my sister (by heart) and SINGLE pni sya and pretty masyado"
"Only a small fraction of Filipino OTs work in the academe. To teach is to help this industry ensure the continuity "
"Kanus a kaha ko makagets filipino sa?"
"mahal ko kayooo   Club Filipino "
" :  chanbaek sns au   filipino  in which baekhyun is chanyeol's number one fan who won the raffle draw prize of meeti"
" : Super Junior Fake Filipino Convos[A Thread] my PH ELF moots, you're not gonna unsee these!!! other words, DAMAY"
"Happy Birthday   !!'re close talaga since elem, both journalists, achiever, RSPC qualifier, NS "
"New UAE family sponsor system; Sharjah Filipino labor day; new UAE document and top news round-up - "
"mabuhay mga filipino cinematographers! layo na ng narating ng film industry keep the progress huhuhuhuhuhuh so proud &lt;3"
"What to expect during National Filipino Food Month "
"  babaing??? Filipino : 65"
"HDJSJSJ i'm visiting my nana at the hospital and i've been talking to this filipino cleaner bc i discovered he's from mindanao too hell yeah"
"Filipino time lagi amp "
" wait jam talking in filipino?????"
"kanang pag gara2 an na ni bryan og reyen si maam nobleza, kanang mga gara2 ni maam guinea, kanang mga kasaba ni sir "
"Philippines: Will the government redistribute spectrum to prospective new market entrants in the future?://t.co/eJsXObfJyj"
"Happy Monday!  in a name? Kasama is pronounced kah, which is the Tagalog word for partner or colleag "
"One fine day, it was, with these Olympian heartthrobs  and  leading the #BenchSportsClinic e "
" sakin 4pages pero parang project lang sa filipino na nabasa hahahahhahaa pero ang sweet ni konsehala"
" Hello Ben. One unintended consequence. My Filipino wife, says its national nurse recruitment agency h "
" Yaan mo na ala naman filipino eh"
"Lahat naman magastos kahit nga siguro kung fan ako ng mga Western Artist like Ariana Grande, Troye Sivan, Shawn Men "
"mga reaksyon ko sa Filipino:     nasisiyahan, natutuwa, nalulungkot, naiinis, nagagalit."
"AAHAHAHHHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAAHHAHAAHAHAHAH "
"   Guys: I can speak english and filipino: *says Say what? in 15 different languages*"
"I am a practicing Catholic, and have high respects for the church's structure. BUT, there will always be separation "
" It would take centuries pa siguro before mag evolve yung moral principles natin as a nation. A big fa "
"Unpopular opinion: Filipino culture edition "
"Habibi/Habibit: An arabic word that means Mi Amore in Spanish Minamahal in Filipino and My love i "
" : Bruce Pearl refused to meet with Auburn officials. So, for the people who say LSU had no choice but to suspend Will Wade,"
"Toxic Filipino culture is  biktima ang mas may mali kaysa sa mga tunay na may sala. "
"So baka ulitin namen research namen sa filipino  ilang weeks kameng nag sayang ng oras tas puro mali naman pala"
"There a lot of nuance in the African diaspora:-Latinx. African-American. Afro-Asian. call myself Afro-Fil "
"ANNOUNCEMENT 2: are partnering with , Marvel Philippines, and more to put up the biggest Filipino MCU "
"Nahihilo (or Dizziness / Vertigo) - Doc Liza Ramoso-Ong in Filipino #5 "
" 2, english and filipino"
"goodnight chem,filipino &amp; physics! See you tomorrow exam papers!"
" Filipino dessert HAHAHAHA"
"Nakakita ng Dalagang Filipina sabay pose.  Binatang Filipino yeahhh "
"Get ready for the biggest Filipino MCU Fan gathering!-register and assure yourself a slot through: "
"Congratulations, mga Kapuso! "
" Uhm bakit parang mas mahirap Reading Writing, Filipino and also DRR???"
"Also Filipino dubbed animes &gt; eng dubbed animes hahaha"
" : Binatang Filipino  "
" : So this just happened:-life Filipino superhero and my brotha for life Brandon  is the quintessential embo"
"God okay, so, apparently, BNHA getting a Filipino/Tagalog dub and man, I can wait to hear Bakugo voice LMAO"
" trying hard akong magenglish tapos filipino rin pala kausap ko hahaha   #ASTRO #venus "
" : wow full cast yung mga exams bukas ahh : Filipino, Science, Math "
" : (1/2) Carreon: I am against this. I can admit I am a conyo but this is due to the fact that the Filipino subject should be v"
"Filipino dubbed My Hero Academia?  WTF!"
"May Filipino adaptation na ang BNHA  Di ako natutuwa sa voice-over kay deku "
" : Para sa Natatanging Filipino sa Larangan ng Pag-arte sa Telebisyon. Angel Locsin #TGDPaghaharap https://"
"Listen to my friend song you guys. She so hardworking, talented, smart, and pretty. Also, let support Filipin "
"Half Filipino, half niloko"
"every bts international group in fb maglive filipino: views, 2 likes, &amp; 0 comments maglive na kor "
" last time i check, walang sinabing hindi crime  pag  hindi 100% filipino owned ang media sa article 4 s "
"        "
"April 2 is the Feast of ST. PEDRO CALUNGSOD, the second Filipino Saint and patron of the Filipino Youth. Happy Feas "
"I actually can deal with Filipino movies. Forever doing the most "
" :  Performance wise, Luca and Jenalyn won. Sobrang flawless. If your basis is because they're half breed or not filipi"
"May girlfriend nakong filipino/korean, mukha kang k-idol baby "
"  #FPJAP3Harapan  remind us of FPJ whom loved by the filipino people due to his dedication and gre "
"Yes to senatorial candidates with (good) Character, Competence (relevant to Senate work), and Commitment (to the we "
" r u filipino? PUTAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA is this BTSS"
"29 in a row. Poverty and the Filipino Mindset. fix, I'm in "
" 3 learning Spanish, Tagalog, English (and Spanish)"
" : PHOTO: fans got their Tickets after waiting from 4AM! Best Fans in the World!  #WESTLIFEManila2019"
"Chinese envoy reminds Filipino fishers of West PH Sea  "
" : Dr Kihura Nkuba:  people especially women are sucked in these soaps, Telemundo Filipino soaps where life is imaginary. The"
"Craving Italian food :( not them filipino style infused food"
" : #latepost from Saturday, March 23, 2019 when I got to watch one of my fave Filipino singers ~ Martin Nievera "
"your Filipino Club Pangulo is now signing off"
"Aluh shet nawawala notebook ko ng science at filipino huhu..wag na ata akong mag exam"
" yung anti dummy law ay walang kinalaman sa press freedom. malainaw sa constitution na dapat 100% filipi "
"Every time I eat Filipino food it takes a year or two off my life."
"Since when did the Chinese have a say about where our fishermen could fish?://t.co/i0Ih1E38s8"
" : Day 1 of #Archive30 is for #YourArchive. In Filipino, it's #IyongSinupan or #IyongArtsibo. "
" : Filipino construction workers: Fuck our drag, right? "
"filipino culture is blaming it all on the teenager instead of actually trying to solve the problem. inom? agoy "
"Toxic filipino culture? people only see you the way you were before and not the way you are now no matter how "
"We don't need your permission! ://t.co/D0QPhq43"
" :  CHANBAEK AU  Filipino  Baekhyun is depressed. Chanyeol is a living doll. UNIVERSAE CARITATE  "
"Maricel Soriano is a blessing to the Filipino audience. #SampalNiManangIsabelle"
" : My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 |"
"I am a Filipino and this is my inheritance."
"thoughts about kylle  hEnLo bEst in fiLipiNo HSHHSHAHAHAH ganahan kaayos mam lala Ani niya Kay sipat pero Naga par "
"yall i changed my  to  only filipino buddies understand"
"Teacher of Filipino 7 &amp; 9 be like: si Don Juan sa Reyno de los Cristales upang hanapin si Maria Clara. "
" :  take me picture - every Filipino moms. "
"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHH I really won't be able to express my thoughts about the final episode tomorrow becaus "
"We hope this starts more in-depth research and discussion on our food culture "
" : US Balikatan Exercise Director Chris McPhillips says the purpose of the exercises is to develop cooperation among Filipi"
" : The most used hashtag in 24 hours on Twitter was #AlDubEBTamangPanahon, with 40,706,392 uses from 24 - 25 Oct 2015, by fans of the"
"My Filipino friends are making me kangkong with gulaman for dinner, they say it a delicacy! This will be my favorite!"
". I would really love to see #Tagalog on the #duolingo app! That would mean the world to me. Will you make it happen? #Filipino"
" I watched your noob disguise video you use the song ''GUSTO KO ANG NOTA MO'' I'm very shock because you "
" *Rintosi realizes the guy who contributed so much in the twitter bio chika ed is filipino*"
"I am thrilled by the extraordinary privilege to witness the negotiations at #CITES #CoP18, and to see how global p "
" : Now we've got holes in our hearts, yeah we've got holes in our lives. Where we've got holes, we've got holes but we carry on.."
"Chinese envoy reminds Filipino fishers of West PH Sea  "
"my mom very randomly got tickets to see gary v wow the filipino jumped out"
"Unpopular Opinion: Jojo Binay suppporting Abi Binay instead of supporting both children is such a Filipino-parent t "
"bye, filipino huhu iaalay muna kita :(("
"they are all pure and handsome Filipino boys is BoybandPH#OneLoveForBoybandPH "
"Now we've got holes in our hearts, yeah we've got holes in our lives. Where we've got holes, we've got holes but we "
"IF EVER MAN NA MAG-CONCE ANG BTS DITO SA PINAS , MAG-SACRIFICE AKOOO . NAKO MAG-VIP KASE GUSTO KONG MANG-LI "
"MY BROTHERS TRIES FILIPINO SNACKS FOR THE FIRST TIME!!!! "
"Filipino construction workers: Fuck our drag, right? "
" solid supporters of filipino vloggers here kuya, taga cebu din ako"
"Wala nasad pud kay ko naningkamot og answer kay katulgon jud kay ko mga 20 to kapin sa filipino akung wala ge answeran"
"I have few Filipino friends and they been teaching me some few tagalog words for the past months. Some of my fav "
"Hunger for God Word! [if only Filipino Catholics could show this much hunger...] #Bible "
"the Exodus for Filipino workers "
" :  Treat filipino fishermen HUMANELY."
"Unta na mahimong required subject sa colleges ug universities ang Filipino Philosophy."
"[jinyoung voice] filipino wannable- ah.. baebys"
"Kind of Filipino Philosophy I think. Hmmm "
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 | "
"filipino fans ako po si bae jinyoung, mahal ko kayo"
"Pano daw malalaman kung filipino ka?  Pssssst ka. Pag lumingon alam mo na. "
"When binatang filipino hits them "
"bat halos lahat ng filipino vloggers gumagawa ng mag quiquit na sila sa yt? APRIL FOOLS?"
"For those of u who have the feel of a badass action heroine, I enjoin u to watch Maria! I was pleasantly surprise "
"Para sa Natatanging Filipino sa Larangan ng Pag-arte sa Telebisyon. Angel Locsin #TGDPaghaharap "
"Phil: I 80% Filipino, 12% Chinese , 8% Spanish but 100% HORNY."
"Para sa Natatanging Filipino sa Larangan ng Pag-arte sa Telebisyon. Angel Locsin #TGDPaghaharap "
"Fili Cheese Steak - Refers to what it looks like when a Filipino woman is in a gangbang"
"Para sa Natatanging Filipino sa Larangan ng Pag-arte sa Telebisyon. Angel Locsin #TGDPaghaharap "
"Yay! Dalagang Filipinas Ft. Binatang Filipino! Lang Ulit! #SiblingsBond."
"FILIPINO FAMILY: Hija kelan ka ba magaasawa? Wala ka bang plano kahit boyfriend man lang?: Aaaah may ipapakilal "
"Nevermind i got it but im stuck in fucking filipino server"
" : #najrotc cadets walked 14 miles at the Bataan Memorial March this Saturday! march honors the American and Filipino Priso"
" : Chinese envoy says Filipino illegal workers also present in China:"
" : Under the new law, every Filipino will become an automatic member of PhilHealth and will be covered by the government Nation"
" : Wow! Yung pangulo kasi ng bansa ang pasimuno kung papano maging second rate ang mga Filipino sa sariling bansa. Aba! Hin"
"More often than not, I speak English to the Filipino-dominant speakers and Filipino to the English-dominant speakers. Life's a mystery."
" : My constant smile provider:  witty filipino statements on IG"
" Masanay na kayo sa ugali ng ibang Pinoy, dahil sila mismo number one bashers ng mga Filipino artist. N "
" : hey there blinks wanted to be friends with my mutuals  IF YOU WANT TO JOIN BLACKPINK STAN GDM!!!- dapat active"
"Pang english or filipino songs papakinggan mo dun ka madidistract."
"Know more about us:  Wings International Travel &amp; Events #WeWillSoarHighWithYouEveryStepOfTheWay! "
"What is your go-to Filipino comfort food? | #CNNPHNewsNight "
" Hello! Im a filipino artist  and i do digital art!! I also do commissions and you can check my works at "
" : Throwback when Filipino Merrys deceived Daisy Ahin and Nancy that  means  LOVE YOU but then the girls read the com"
" Lol. You're a Filipino?"
" : Why are this Chinese people claiming the Banaue Rice Terraces that FILIPINO people created?"
"WHERE ARE MY FILIPINO MUTUALS???  AFSSJSJ PANSININ NIYO AKO MGA KADALAGANG PILIPINA AND BINATANG PILIPINO AFSGSJSJ"
"Hahahahahahahahahaha naalala ko yung translation ng account titles in Filipino "
" : Filipino female directors make up less than 10% of the total number of active local filmmakers, even though their films prove"
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 | "
"Ayon sa batas, ang qualifications lang sa pagtakbo sa Senado ay kung di ako nagkakamali: dapat 35 years old above; "
"Yeah I guess I have nothing else going on in my life and I have to table everything for family shit... Filipino culture got me fucked up man"
"Filipino Beef Burger Recipe://t.co/erQjo6nrNV.#FilipinoRecipes #PinoyRecipes #PinoyRecipeAtIbaPa "
"filipino rap is basically lalaking nakalunok ng autotune pero nakikinig pa rin ako"
"Toxic Filipino family culture: when something bad happens to you they scold you nonstop instead of showing some concern."
"Authorities cautioned Filipino travelers to be wary of recruiters targeting victims to become drug mules on interna "
" : In Bicol, the Pilgrim City of Naga is commonly the start point of Visita Iglesia. Most Filipino Catholics practice it"
"Established in 2017, Jack Eats is a Filipino inspired pop-up bakery that has become most well known for specializin "
"Check out the 34 languages you can learn with us!  "
" this one looks like my answer  our filipino st JHAHAHAHAHnncjs"
"Vanessa, where are you?  ^_^ "
"Displaced Filipino tribal children get to finish school  "
"Ayun guys so hindi lang pala pang April Fool, pang Filipino food din. Ilabas ang lechon!!! "
"Filipino way of greeting you on your birthday : post your ugliest picture they have on the gallery."
"Fancy some Ibiza chill, Glaswegian chilled house, Florida trip hop, jazzy hip hop, female Filipino empowering hip h "
" : Happy Kkura Day in PH!! you for coming to celebrate with us, Filipino Wizones!! # # #sakumail#SakuraBlo"
"Why do we need to promote Filipino Philosophy in public places? The politicians are everywhere; the philosopher "
"They Germanized the Filipino word 'kilig' and now im kilig "
" you know, I'am not a filipino right?-him 2019 na natatawa lang tlga ako dito, sobrang lutang eh"
" : Filipino Blinks make this vid 5M views &amp; 500K likes or more!! We stan OT4, it's our Area. Ah yeah, Ah Yeah #BLACKPINKin"
"Naiinis ako ha sa filipino teacher namennn"
"Neill said China pushed its boundaries on Pag-asa because of the  of Filipino forces to react to... "
"I part of the 1% of the Filipino community who can sing."
" pentagon (Youngk is love) bare bears tea"
" : Aaron Neville charted twice in the 90s. Neal McCoy (half Filipino) charted 32 times (2 # 1s) between 1988 &amp; 2011. Charley"
" bsed-filipino &lt;3"
"Carreon: I don think so. We can't avoid not learning our language better. There a lot more to learn in Filipino "
"gawa din ako ng bts filipino au ano kaya hm"
"Honestly, Donny Pangilinan looks like the filipino version of jiang chen / hu yi tian from  love so beautiful so "
"Virus: filipino sign language fuck! &amp; fuck mocha, Oliver drew  Philippi... "
"Cadenas: Don you think the motivation behind excluding Filipino is to give students time to focus on their majors "
"5 mins left sa Filipino Exam left answering. Aly: Ano ba! Shade mo nalang, A, B, C, D, A, B, C, D "
"flopping noises but!! similar are we?: filipino: art! : anime/cartoon stan: a fucki "
" : i do this again race liner person documentaries"
"Isang ulitawung Filipino yeah "
"Laban lang tas upat kabo ok noh? Science, Math, English, Filipino "
"Cadenas to Carreon: This is hypothetical but since you said that lagnuage is culture, FIlipino as a term is very "
"So this just happened:-life Filipino superhero and my brotha for life Brandon  is the quintessential "
"hardworking men and women who till our land, plant and catch our food. Do you think they individually earn well? Le "
" Just go with the flow ung mga low quality Filipino artists."
"dapat brand neto The Filipino eh "
" : That's what I said in China: treat Filipino illegal workers as well as we treat Chinese illegal workers. And we will g"
"Nakakafrustrate ung mga kapwa mo Filipino n itatawid tlga n ung concept n mga tsini gumawa ng Banaue Rice Terraces. "
"(2/2) Carreon: It ironic to take away Filipino as a subject but keep English. It unfair to remove without consi "
"oo na kayo na may project sa filipino hahahahahaha"
"Time to ride the 63 page reading I have. you, even if my first language is Filipino, this sht is so deep I just wanna cry so badly"
"(1/2) Carreon: I am against this. I can admit I am a conyo but this is due to the fact that the Filipino subject sh "
" : maam belida will forever be my fave filipino teacher istg"
"Ptanginang filipino kaya yan kung naka 90+ lng ko wt honors man kuta lapota kumpleto lugod ko 80 tas si dae para la "
" : filipino arts is so underrated"
"Why are this Chinese people claiming the Banaue Rice Terraces that FILIPINO people created?"
"Chinese, Japanese, Korean, Filipino, Turkish, French, German, if I follow I will not follow back, it will be blockade"
"Question to Carreon: What is your stance on Supreme Court reconsideration of CHED Memorandum Order No. 20, which "
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant with me|              ||              ||               | "
"Nagsend syag picture nko ug ana sya ipost sooo. Hi guys ds is my sister (by heart) and SINGLE pni sya and pretty ma "
"  Cute version of Bomb Bomb pleeeeeease, love from the filipino Hiddens "
" : During an argument with your Filipino parents:: Trying to make sense. Respect still there.  Filipino Parents:"
" : toxic filipino family culture?  as a child is having to hold back your tongue and having to  swallow your feelings and emoti"
"Filipino Bishops Exposed As INC Wannabees "
"What limit are you talking about? ://t.co/gWCxpnFppl Chinese envoy reminds Filipino fishers of West PH Sea &amp;#8216;limits&amp;#8217;"
"balhin nag lain country oy filipinong dako unya i-hate iyang own language? shame on you.  Dimanakoo hate ang filip "
"I sexually identify as a Filipino  okay "
"Simple nalang yung Filipino a HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA LT"
" : My filipino mom when she was pregnant:|              ||              ||               |                 |"
" : Filipino Bishops Exposed As INC Wannabees "
"i love seeing the  change of the standards of Filipino's on choosing who to vote "
"let love conquer the filipino citizens"
"i fucking love Filipino culture. don't  me"
"  It was she who said in a newspaper interview (long ago while at CNN Intl) that she has no Fi "
"  thankyou so much !!! &amp; btw, im a filipino "
" :  '        ,     . Rites  Quezon City Science Hig"
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant|               ||               ||                |                   "
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant:|              ||              ||               |                  "
"  Heraldo Filipino mem. Eto oh: "
"  Ang cute nyo po dlwa ni jc.... I hope d kau mgbago at sna mkzma nyo ang loudre for bonding.. "
"   filipino ka pala"
"On the #TheRealNadechConcert, I wish NY would sing a Filipino song...any suggestions? It's just a wishful thinking "
" : A lot of people may look down on me just 'coz I stan a Filipino actor, so what? As long as he serves me redemption then I'm f"
" : My filipino mom when she was pregnant:|              ||              ||               |                 |"
"Toxic Filipino Culture: Parang hindi kaibigan e"
"ABS-CBN introduced TV in the Philippines in 1953. In 1967, former ABS-CBN chairman Eugenio  Lopez Jr. said th "
"I once dreamed of being a student of UP Diliman under the college of fine arts pero you know how Filipino families "
"The Banaue Rice Terraces (Filipino: Hagdan-hagdang Palayan ng Banawe) are terraces that were carved into the mounta "
" :  "
" : Favorate FILIPINO food PINAKBET Vegetables serve with love #squash  #stringbeans #okra #eggplant #tomato #bittergourd w"
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant:|              ||              ||               |                  "
"Dalagang pagod sa mga PT'S yea!  talk,  CM,  CPAR,  MATH RESEARCH, P. E. , FILIPINO RESEARCH, UCSP POSTER AND B "
"Naglolokohan lang kami sa filipino eh mga qaqu mga kagroup ko HAHAHHAHAHHA"
" omg i know you don know me but im 40points,, vegan i love Markhyuck I half filipino and love to sing and dance "
" : TOXIC FILIPINO MENTALITY  MASAMANG MAGTANONG NAGTANONG KA MAY KASAMA PANG: di mo alam? Nagaaral ka ba?: "
"ano tagalog ng eku balu  *filipino* meaning 'di ko alam' "
"  Idk that Filipino thing how we all related somehow just kinda feels weird to me now "
"Pet peeve: Yung gagamit ka ng salitang Ingles sa isang Filipino na pangungusap pero 'di mo ginagamit yung Filipino grammar rules."
"Carreon: I don think so. We can't avoid not learning our language better. There a lot more to learn in Filipino "
"While it is true and yes they should be treated well but they are subject to philippine immigration law. Tama ba DD "
"Dr Kihura Nkuba:  people especially women are sucked in these soaps, Telemundo Filipino soaps where life is ima "
"Anong magandang panoorin na filipino movie?"
"Cadenas: Don you think the motivation behind excluding Filipino is to give students time to focus on their majors "
" English English pa filipino lang naman rin kausap"
"Toxic filipino culture "
"naruto + filipino movies  combo for the past few days"
"Group 1 nga pala sa Filipino hahahahaha yun pa."
"Btw there are e-gates for Filipino passport holders at the immigration arrival area now. It quite neat "
"Cadenas to Carreon: This is hypothetical but since you said that lagnuage is culture, FIlipino as a term is very "
" 50 pts qwq(ayyyyy filipino )"
"What is your go-to Filipino comfort food? | #CNNPHNewsNight "
" Lol now I interested in how this is Filipino"
"Carreon: I am against this. I can admit I am a conyo but this is due to the fact that the Filipino subject should b "
"Filipino tingz "
"hayss tapos ka din sa filipino"
"if this ain't the most Filipino thing I've read this morning...lol "
"Question to Carreon: What is your stance on Supreme Court reconsideration of CHED Memorandum Order No. 20, which "
"Weird that I already watched most of the Filipino movies on Netflix "
"masyado akong pinapahirapan ng filipino ahh grr"
"Sci - Science  - Filipino - Mathagal na kitang Gusto . Ayieeeeee "
" : Tribu Majika Eclectica, a Filipino Wiccan coven "
"PLEASE LANG, HAVE THE DECENCY TO TELL YOUR FOREIGN BODIES THAT THEIR WHITE PRIVILEGE DOESN APPLY IN THE THIS COUN "
"Idk if this type of work will get me into an art/design school and the uncertainty is *KILLING* me but I gotta let "
"paano ang filipino? "
" : Sandara Park spotted with fave Filipino snack in Paris Fashion "
"I sexually identify as a bridge between American clients seeking Filipino employees and I have to laugh "
"no offense... pero may pinag-aralan ba to o wala?? Baka wala kaya puro stalk nalang inaatupag. Or you didn unders "
" : We only see them as numbers now, but they were once a son, a daughter, a wife, a husband, a friend and most important, a f"
"Learn character from trees, values from roots, and change from leaves. #mema #filipino #pinoy #oriental #asian "
"Imagine may nag eexist na Chinese restaurant dito sa Pilipinas exclusively para sa Chinese lang bawal filipino?? I "
" : Looking for filipino mutuals!!/like if you stan: velvet"
" : ba't ganon? pag filipino yung subject mas madali mag ingles. pag ingles yung subject mas nadadalian ako magsalita ng fil"
"Parang gusto Kong manood ng Filipino movie na heavy drama. Yung parang kina Popoy at Basha. Nag away dahil sa chick "
"#Qatar: Investigate torture allegations of Filipino man convicted on basis of  he says were forced | A "
" : My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 |"
"Leron Leron Sinta Animated (Filipino / Tagalog Folk Song) | Awiting Pambata "
"WHY ARE SO MANY PPL ON MY TL FILIPINO JHTDHESFDGJFHD"
"ang awkward baga kachat ni thaniel. isimuy nakikipag balagtasan sa pagiging filipino major. hahahaha."
"Two of the most popular and best boybands hailed globally, padating na naman pala dito. ^_^ Batang 90's ka? Tiyak n "
"Fil-am ka po ba?  Yes,  Half filipino half amputa "
" : The Global Filipino United Methodists Movement will collaborate with the Asian American Language Ministry, an initiative"
" Hi that is indeed me I am a Filipino yes sir"
"Tangnang is u filipino ni mingot HAHAHAHAHA pinatawa ako ng malala eh"
"Seannn di ka na marunong mag filipino pano tayo mag uusap niyan?"
"ga dungan ang quizzes sa math, science ug filipino rip"
"Rocking out to their first Wish Bus performance, up-and-coming Filipino rock act Jose Carlito dropped their freshes "
" : i dont get it why people keeps on asking me why i prefer filipino over english when it comes to writing piece(s)"
"#najrotc cadets walked 14 miles at the Bataan Memorial March this Saturday! march honors the American and Fili "
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 | "
"I CHOKED ON MY SINIGANG! THIS IS CRUELTY! HERE I AM SITTING IN MY FILIPINO FUCKIN ASS EATING FUCKIN SINIGANG!! AND "
"he really said fuck filipino harries lives when he wore this pirate suit huh "
"Hi everyone! Please support our project which aims to bridge the language gap between Science and Filipino through "
"Toxic Filipino Culture?  ikaw na yung niloko, pero sya pa yung nagpavictim "
" : The How of Us  of the best Filipino ever made!  #Kathniel fan!#TheHowsOfUs #DanielPadil"
"Ain't no Filipino person will do this. Even less probability for lesbians. I'm single forever. "
"12. Filipino. Though my grandma has told me one of my great grandfathers is supposedly a Spaniard from Zaragoza"
" : Toxic filipino mindset: ang iba,makapagpatawa lang."
"maam belida will forever be my fave filipino teacher istg"
" honestly I just got more confused cause they were asking for a shit ton per chapterok they buried someo "
"Old Filipino shows had much more sense"
" : Watch how Filipino talents compete for their spot on  Season 3 on Thursday 8:30 p.m. only on "
" wAIT YOU A FILIPINO?"
"Tapos lahat pa ng employees Filipino! Wow! Good job, burger point!!! Babalik ako huhu "
" Majority says its giid, why cant you suppirt filipino films?"
"naiiyak na ako puta ang bobo ko sa math filipino and science what the fuck"
"Toxic filipino mindset: ang iba,makapagpatawa lang."
" Filipino mothers as always haha. Congrats Ryan!!"
" J ensinaste algum filipino a fazer o floss? "
"12 Fascinating and Unique Filipino Names We Swear Actually Exist "
" DO YOU BELIEVE ME IF I TELL YOU I KNOW HOW TO SPEAK IN KOREAN BUT I DON'T USE IT BECAUSE I'M FILIPINO... #DALAGANGPILIPINA"
"Omg! TAE in Filipino means . "
"+ With Honors + Best in Filipino"
"Same here!  My former office buddy and I researched about MBA during our first few months at work, even attend "
" :   It will be a great night as Australia best is coming to Manila. And a beautiful venue to boo"
"Patingin nga ng kilig ng isang binatang Filipino! #TODASagotNiGelay "
"Favorate FILIPINO food PINAKBET Vegetables serve with love #squash  #stringbeans #okra #eggplant #tomato "
" : The Magellan-Elcano expedition nourished their selves with the food our ancestors had offered them in 1521. April is Fi"
"12 Fascinating and Unique Filipino Names We Swear Actually "
"Onti nalang susuko n ako sa filipino "
" : tododeku filipino social media au - kung saan isang research teacher si deku at bagong polgov teacher si todoroki (na"
"I got a chance to interview Romulae and meet his daughter Thadine for SBS Radio, they are doing Run For The Kids th "
" : Ngayon nalang ulit ako nakanood ng Filipino horror film na napapikit, napatakip at napa squint ako ng mata. PLUS maganda plot"
"filipino time dkdndkd"
"2 more nights. Filipino fans get ready!!!  "
"Kanina sa Filipino namen nakikinig kame sa kwento dun sa radyo boi biglang may umungol di na kame nakapagpigil eh HAHHAHHAHAHA"
" This is a good start! Personally I almost always confuse you for a Filipino."
"(Nth time at the elevator) lahi ka po?: Filipino ka kasing arabo kaya yun? "
"Chinese envoy says Filipino illegal workers also present in China "
"This is a story about how a mysterious Filipino INTJ sorceress, exquisitely repositioning her burgundy velvet vest, "
"   My jowa na xang Filipino????"
"yung totoo, is boyband ph a FILIPINO boy group or a KOREAN group? have to build their identity as FILIPINO artists hhHHHH"
"1979 : Ramon Geiger translated A ogii wataa meti from Filipino to Swedish"
"Filipino language 101  "
"   Hahaha pag nakakaalam yan ng Filipino. Alams na."
" SINO KAYA NAGSABI NG  AT AKO HAHAHAHA ibagsak ko yan sa Filipino e "
"  It will be a great night as Australia best is coming to Manila. And a beautiful ve "
"Chinese envoy says Filipino illegal workers also present in China:"
" binatang filipino yeah"
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant|             ||             ||               |                 | "
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 | "
"Business Math and Filipino will always be my biggest regret."
"TV Remote. That small black-buttoned object is the new centre of sex politics.  now have to compete with actors "
" "
" : AN AU! Where Yang Jeongin is a solo idol. He's half Korean and Filipino. Hidden. What's hidden? Here's Park Ja Eun, the hi"
" : April is also Filipino Food Month | #CNNPHNewsNight live "
" : UP was a wonderful reminder that I can't speak Filipino"
" : Chinese envoy says Filipino illegal workers also present in China "
"   lo del filipino era cierto!!!#siemprelosupe#semecayoelcarnet "
"Chinese envoy says Filipino illegal workers also present in China "
"Video: references anything filipino related on the comment section: allow us to introduce ourselves"
"  Fu_k that. Look at the Chinese shooing away Filipino fisher folks in their own count "
"toxic filipino culture is adults not letting younger people correct them"
" : We have some Filipino-Chinese patriots but we also have a bunch of Filipino-Chinese traitors loitering the Malaca Palace."
"yung gusto mo isipin na april fools prank lang yung no scantron exam sa filipino bukas pero baka masaktan ka lang s "
" : Translated to Filipino  this #Archive30 topics for  #archives  campaign which will begin today! #Explor"
"Tangina bakit ang daming end user na bano at hindi nagtttraining kung paano gumamit ng mga application  kaya mas m "
"Arce Dairy  that favorite Pinoy ice cream brand with the inimitable taste of classic Filipino delights  is ready "
"So niadto diay mig filipino store sa fort washington para mubisita and magpalit og mga groceries, naa na sila sa US "
"cause of death: filipino lt"
" Hahaha Filipino is such a diverse language, kaya kahit google di matranslate minsan "
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 | "
" ..so do the Chinese treat humanely fishermen who are in their own land,no less with the Chinese use "
"dear : why are you not an honorary Filipino yet?  the small stuff that a patriotic Filipino shou "
"Nakakamiss yung mga filipino rom/com or comedy movie na may musical sa ending or sa gitnang bahagi ng movie na mada "
" sus,, katabi mo nga siya pag Filipino time eh HAHAHAHAH JOKE LAAAAANG"
"April is also Filipino Food Month | #CNNPHNewsNight live "
"Bukas na ako gagawa ng vid ko sa filipino hahahaha"
"naa pay filipino ganina jusko nalisang ko sa mga terms gyud igit "
" HAHAHAAHAHAHAHH WHAT WILL YOU ALL DO WITHOUT ME. ANO NALANG AARALIN NYO SA FILIPINO"
"uhm so who likes films here &amp; is filipino? i need fwends :&lt;"
"My constant smile provider:  witty filipino statements on IG"
" OOOOOOO great!!im a filipino !the names kc hbu?"
"Out of the many sawsawan, it the vinegar that has intrigued me the most. We have many varieties of vinegar that I "
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 | "
"May cute na kainan sa magin, old filipino house yung style... Wala lang thought of u and makes me wanna send u a msg kaso awkward "
"P'wede palang magluto ng iba't ibang putahe sa balut? ^_^  And the winner is .... ^_^://t.co/iTJRdfxJal "
"Ngayon lang ako na amaze sa filipino horror film, idol kaayo ang author "
"he's like a diwata omg someone make a filipino myth inspired story "
" :  hinid prese freedom ang sagot ngayon sa ating bayan kundi magpakatotoo. daming gagong mga filipino na nasa"
" : FILIPINO PRIDE ADVOCATES SERIES's Twila Bergania of Culture Group,  a skilled writer who has published her works"
" :   I lyk to believe that you most certainly DO NOT represent the will, heart, and mind of the en"
"Filipino dish remains superior"
" Sample nga ng binatang filipino hahaha"
"Awesome Filipino Street Foods : Let take it to the StrEATS://t.co/Vz3lXM1u9n.#FilipinoRecipes "
" : HI, I NEED MORE FILIPINO MUTUALS!  THIS IF: PH STAY OT9 STAN KA MADALDAL KA ALAM MO YUNG PUTANGINA"
"ang hirap pa rin magsulat in Filipino help :(("
" : filipino math sci bukas huhu Lord take the wheel "
"Guys, meet Drink Water. "
"Let us support higher sin taxes to prevent the youth from initiating these vices and protect the health of every Fi "
"        "
" : English story theatre jingle film subjects exam tulog"
" Smhhh I ain Filipino"
" : #MyPhBoy ctto 3 sexy Yosu fine ://t.co/iO2kgDlBmL my accounts ig/tw  fb/yt  My Ph"
"  "
" : delegates of the National Youth Day in Cebu #archdioceseOFdavao#sendforth Filipino Youth in Mission: Beloved, Gifte"
"Chinese envoy reminds Filipino fishers of West PH Sea  "
" : I Jill. I work to create a safe and informative atmosphere for closeted and questioning Filipino LGBTQ+ individuals through"
"BINATANG FILIPINO YEH  "
"filipino men smh "
"filipino math sci bukas huhu Lord take the wheel "
"The Bigg X -First Filipino to represent the Philippines for the World Beatbox Championship! "
"He also shares that for change to happen, policy matters. He challenges the FCs to use their experiences as a Fello "
" Lol the Filipino shame piece haha nag Tira pa "
" Filipino ka ata, tama ba ako?"
" : Nothing's like a Filipino boy.   "
"Marvel has changed their Facebook header. days left, Filipino MCU fans! "
" o yeah hahaha. LMAO!!! he's explaining Filipino Culture using his animations "
" Treat filipino fishermen HUMANELY."
"daming rereviewin sa FILIPINO "
"UP was a wonderful reminder that I can't speak Filipino"
"Open for customers today, set your appointment.. #asianmassage #massage_riyadh #Filipino #SwedishMassage #Exit23 "
"Stephen Hawking's Filipino nurse, Sir Owell, just PMed me:Welcome my dearest future maroon am crying.  I ju "
"That's what I said in China: treat Filipino illegal workers as well as we treat Chinese illegal workers. And we wi "
"akala ko pa naman mapipirmahan na filipino &amp; class picture "
" : Can you guess what FILIPINO MOVIE we be talking about for our upcoming #RoaringReviews episode? "
"akong mama rajud ata ang nag teacher ug Filipino sauna pero pag tan-aw namog tagalog na movie kay sigeg basa sa subtitles  #EERIE "
"huwag na magreview ng filipino o huwag na talaga magreview?"
"Babagsak na ko sa Filipino gawa sa Mt 1 k bye sher ke leng"
" : howdy  i need mutuals/ibfs bad rt if u stan: race grande x change cracker"
"FILIPINO PRIDE ADVOCATES SERIES's Twila Bergania of Culture Group,  a skilled writer who has published her wo "
"        "
"government, thus he or she shall act as power-broker in the name of national interest and of the Filipino people. A "
" : Bader International School Filmfest (Filipino), Debate (English) and Math Exhibit Awarding. Rewarding the students to"
"Me: Unsay english sa Filipino ? : Subject"
" Go for it girl.I thought ur Filipino lol"
"        "
"TROY VINCENT C MONTEROYO pinakamabuting magaaral pinakamagaling sa math,english,filipino,sci at makakatanggap sya n "
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 | "
" Arabic English and Filipino"
"Silliman is the Filipino University version of the Selesnya Conclave from MTG, with the trees and the communal cult "
"Employ Chinese workers.  Treat Filipino masses like servants?  Is that it? "
"Successful student are not gifted. They are HARD WORKING#WithHonors#CommunicationArts(English) "
"This indulgent snack from the Philippines fuses sweet bananas with mouth-watering caramel. We recommend our in-seas "
"Ngayong darating na Biyernes, hanggang Linggo! ALL FILIPINO BOOK FAIR sa CCP! #Aklatan #Performatura2019 "
"Eerie is one of the most noteworthy Filipino horror movies I have watched in my entire life. You should try it guys, must watch!"
"6 pages sa filipino, 36 hrs na makeup duty, tas RD back to back. I love my life ryt naw"
" I always use it Hmmmm As a Filipino/Pinoy tago is a great use"
" : Toxic Filipino Culture?  nasa taas ka na may mga taong pilit na ibababa ka or sisiraan ka or ibabash ka because"
" : how similar are we? pts- walang jowa pts- di crush ng crush niya pts- marupok pts- walang pera pts- OT7 STAN"
"literally how my family is and how i am when filipino soap operas come on like y whenever i walk into my relati "
"Don't you fool around with Ifugao culture and Filipino pride! "
"        "
" Really? I don't know filipino language was influenced by spanish. Filipino names feel kinda spanish though "
"Congratulations Beautiful Rhian.. Locsin  Filipino Awards 2019#TGDPaghaharap "
" Here to another Filipino heritage night! "
"Filipino Parents + Computers are not a good mix."
"Ang ganda ng album. 10 songs walang tapon!.0 is the 17th studio album by Filipino singer Regine Velasquez. from "
"Hahahahahahahhahaha half filipino half masaya"
" : Man.... I still haven lit my joint... I rolled it to smoke one for him but I can even light it man. "
"nawala pa yung tula ko sa filipino apat na saknong na eon, kung di nga naman bwiset tong buhay na to."
" Filipino?"
" : Broke me.... we really fighting for our lives against our own kind and really have to take risk and match the level of hatred"
"FILIPINO = 100 = 0 pang-eskwelahan di makagawa ng tula pero pag ganto lumalabas pagka-shakespeare ng mg "
" : Jesus died at 33 "
" : That man future said  you gave your homie 100,000 dollars and he come bac wit 0 dollars, guess what you taught him to d"
"Thank you #DuterteTraitor for enabling this Chinese Ambassador to say this in our own country! You are really the "
"Haysss Filipino Time jud uy"
" : That dr sebi documentary has to still be made"
" Filipino?? "
"nah Filipino girl"
"Toxic Filipino Culture"
" no pls im makin a jokejadjsjs hipon is filipino slang"
"Talaga filipino ti makaperdi yus"
" may computer, filipino, science, english peta pa bukas?? tapos health pa "
"GRABE MUKHANG MAGSESENIOR HIGH PALANG SIYA MISS U BEH HALF FILIPINO HALF AMPOGI  "
"ANY FILIPINO LIMELIGHTS OUT THERE? LET'S BE MUTUAAAALS"
"Wala paring tatalo sa binatang filipino yeah"
"ba't ganon? pag filipino yung subject mas madali mag ingles. pag ingles yung subject mas nadadalian ako magsalita ng filipino. pota???"
" Hello, Aling Pepay! You're really one of my favorite Filipino RP I've met :) Stay what you are and alw "
"Discovering a new world through the exhibition of the Filipino Artist Kidlat Tahimik A stormy clash between 2 godd "
"4th Best Filipino News Paper "
"FILIPINO FOOD NAMAN DAW!!! Quota na sa kbbq last month? Nope.  "
"I also made this video to make the Filipino PC enthusiasts see that  you can rely at newegg and after knowing my mo "
"Filipino time na nga tokis pa hayp ka talaga "
"Banatang Filipino yeah"
"Siya teacher ko sa Filipino 1, 2 &amp; 3  "
" : Ibasura ang LAHAT ng DILAWAN na Otso Diretso sa Inidoro at taga LP. Sila ang nagpahirap sa bansang Pilipinas at sa mga"
"Batang filipino yeah hahaha "
" in filipino we call this sobrang pacute nakakainis"
"Tangina! Tangina mo Rody Duterte, traydor ka. Mamamatay ka na! #ImpeachDuterte #OustDuterte "
"Dalagang Filipino Ye! "
"        "
"putcha wa jd gi uli ako monitoring sa filipino ug AP yuwuh"
"Congratulations, mga bagong Iskolar ng Bayan! Remember: Honor and Excellence in the Service of the Filipino People! "
" Ganda ng Filipino Teacher koooo "
"pero mas gimingaw kog kaon og butter coconut nya mag camping sa classroom nya mokaon og lunch na wala nahurot kada "
"is blake.. half filipino too?"
"looking at my scores in upcat i remember why i told myself not to expect passing it... CUZ DAMN MY STUPID ASS CANT "
" : Toxic Filipino Family culture: kangwalang kwenta kapag hindi mo nagawa yung gusto nila pero kapag kelangan ka ni"
" : Hi #WritingCommunity I just want to share about 1 month ago I started writing again. This book is called I'm half dead"
"This. Also saw one in Filipino that was basically it's been April Fools everyday since Du30 voters managed to make "
" : Lahat na lang kukunin???!!!!#ALDUBNationLovingHeart Planet catches ire of Filipino netizens for video say"
"so walang scantron sa filipino bukas hahahahahahahahahahaha"
"You my star... thank you for shining in my darkest...     #Sandbar "
" "
"mr and mrs fabian. who dat. i only know my mom maam cheng the filipino not the chinese "
"Kung ako magValedictorian Speech, gusto ko Filipino. Hahahahahaha"
"WOW HAPPY 4 YEARS OF STAN TWITTER, SELF!! from international youtubers to troye to filipino youtubers and now to b9 "
"To my Filipino peeps, how many of y parents relationships started as  pals"
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 | "
" : HI, I NEED MORE FILIPINO MUTUALS!  THIS IF: NCTZEN KA OT21 STAN KA LAB MO SI PAPI DANTEEEE MADALDAL KA"
" : Filipino army you have to watch this#SEOKJIN #YOONGI #HOSEOK #NAMJOON #JIMIN #TAEHYUNG #JUNGKOOK #ARMY #BTS "
"The Magellan-Elcano expedition nourished their selves with the food our ancestors had offered them in 1521. April i "
" Atapang sa Filipino atakot sa Tsino"
" : Sobrang saya ko po Madlang Pips ng Casino Filipino Bacolod dahil pinakita ninyo sakin ang inyong pag suporta at pagmamahal! H"
"ang talitalino mo sa science bwiset charot HAHAHAHHAHA ano ahm dinadown grade mo sarili mo sa filipino subjects grr "
"April is also Filipino Food Month | #CNNPHNewsNight live "
" exactly! Filipino indigenous tribes were mostly austronesians as well as malay via ethnicity!"
" ITS FILIPINO AND A SONG"
" : #NewMusicFriday ::  no one in the Icelandic rap scene quite like Filipino-Icelandic rhymer,  s"
"twitter if you show me another post that has retarded filipino's that'll rant at me for making a joke on the intern "
"Filipino | Grade 9 | chanbaekist | future webtoon artist | future architect | future mo "
" "
"Can you guess what FILIPINO MOVIE we be talking about for our upcoming #RoaringReviews episode? "
" I do hope they wont be imaged as like kpop idols though because they have their own style and i reall "
"Happy Filipino Food Month!"
" : Find out what everyone is talking about!  Horror Film Eerie is now showing across Asia!!! #Eerie #EERIEweekend"
"me hurting myself and the ither filipino carpenters:#SaveSingularTourManila #SaveSingularTourMNL "
" :  there was one thread abt incest... broke into Filipino halfway also"
"why does jihoon look filipino "
" it cuz ur filipino "
" there was one thread abt incest... broke into Filipino halfway also"
"Omg wtf. French mom from OA talks like a fucking stereotypical filipino mom like wtfff ka weird hahaha"
" : AHUR NORY SPEAKING TAGALOG/FILIPINO OMG "
" : 9/10 for EERIE  the bar of the Filipino Horror Films .  siya cringy praammiss!! MY WORD.. Magh"
" : RIP NIPSEY HUSSLE"
" i'm a filipino and also a multi-fandom "
"nanood ako laughing compilation, tas naalala ko si harvey non nung filipino time tas di tumigil kakatawa HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA "
"Our partners in Japan, , have a new program for deployed sailors. On March 15, YCAPS Afloat kicked off i "
"Wala pa ako sa kalahati ng nirereview ko sa Filipino, tae, hilong hilo na ako.  Sobrang dami ba naman "
"Blog 3 of 12 ... mush between an American and a Filipino ://t.co/KU0JXefvRf "
"*Nka 99 sa Filipino*Binaliktad ang pagkanta ng lupang hinirang."
" LMAOO I JUST FOUND THIS AND ITS SO FUNNY BECAUSE IM FILIPINO AND WE ALSO CALL OUR UNCLES TIO AND  AUNTIES TITA"
"Kami lang ba ang excited sa #SinagMaynila2019? Aba syempre kayo rin! your checklist of watching Filipino "
" : This coming election.. I'm hoping that all voters will vote for the people who is really:, HAS A GOOD INTENTION AN"
" :  Unexpected Twist.. nakakatakot palang maging antagonist character c maam charo santos.. Scariest Filipino Horror"
"Anu  ba yan? "
" Oh this is exactly four months after my birthday and I'm half Filipino you're talking about me right??????"
"Still feeling the Melody Hodgson hangover? Here's another performance from our Filipino-British singer-songwriter, "
"Still feeling the Melody Hodgson hangover? Here's another performance from our Filipino-British singer-songwriter, "
" : English - Hello - Konichiwa - Annyeonghaseyo  - Hola - HOY GAGO KAMUSTA PARE, KAHAPON MA"
"Still feeling the Melody Hodgson hangover? Here's another performance from our Filipino-British singer-songwriter, "
" : #DFABulletin on the medical repatriation of a Filipino with amnesia: "
" : .  and  launched the 8th issue of #PerroBerde, a cultural magazine that features va"
" ikaw din naman filipino time lalo na pag magkikita tayo "
"#Katropa #DWDD #MCAG #CRSAFP #Balikatan #AFPyoucanTRUST .E. US AMBASSADOR SUNG Y. KIM importance of balikata "
"This coming election.. I'm hoping that all voters will vote for the people who is really:, HAS A GOOD INT "
" : Young Filipino talents ang laging bida sa  every Sunday! Kaya saan ka pa? join na sa pinaka-cool na live musical va"
"Hello  One unintended consequence. My Filipino wife, says its national recruitment agency has removed "
" alright buddy the twitter translate is shit so im just gonna say this, idc if you explained in filipino "
"  Filipino Time HAHAHAH Spootify  Zeji"
" :   Filipino labor force built several middle eastern countries and lauded for their professionalism"
"One of the scariest stories I read was from a twitter thread. The man talks about his story, a true horror story, i "
" : Congratulations#TheGeneralsDaughter  Natatanging Filipina Sa Larangan Ng Pag-arte Sa Telebisyon na iginawad"
"Panukalang proyekto man namo ni sa Filipino oh hmmmmn "
"lupet ata ng filipino dub ng my hero academia hahahahaha"
"Anong subject Kang piankanadadaliang subject  filipino and english!!! "
"She posted this while I was saying how sorry I am for not passing 4/4, for choosing arts over medicine and for bein "
"HOOOO FILIPINO DUB OF BNHA!!!"
"#MyPhBoy ctto 3 sexy Yosu fine ://t.co/iO2kgDlBmL my accounts ig/tw  fb "
"Tots kay pierre  -masayahin-isa sa mga comedian ng catherine-salamat sa tubig HAHAHA-best in filipino nux-ss s "
" Toxic filipino culture yan beh"
"[EERIE] Thank you all for participating in #EERIEISHERE Spot &amp; Win on Saturday.  your tickets to the best Fili "
"Homemade Filipino Style Samgyupsal ulit for dinner "
"Instead of sleeping I watching a Filipino movie.... why do I do this to myself?"
"Watch how Filipino talents compete for their spot on  Season 3 on Thursday 8:30 p.m. only on "
" Nahiya yung grade ko sa filipino "
"Chinese envoy reminds Filipino fishers of West PH Sea  "
" : Thank you for the opportunity to the serve our fellow Filipinos &amp; this great nation! Looking forward to helping the "
"    Lahat ng makikinabang niyan sa China lang. About sa Japan Fund, nak "
" hello pooo!! naging st namin sa Filipino hehe. ang ganda-ganda mo po and witty haha tsaka matalino r "
" nilamon na ng sistema ng filipino lezzgaw "
"di pa ako nakakapag-aral sa filipino shshshsh lagot ako sa nanay kooo"
"Adobo, pancit, and kakanin usually come to mind when we talk about Filipino food but rarely do we invoke on Twitter "
"Not fond of the filipino culture, in terms of shame. I get your ashamed but work towards fixing it, not running away."
" : imagine noh, filipino slang dubbed mamamoo vids "
"Only in the #Philippines that Roman Catholic Church is actually a political party. #TaxTheChurchNow "
"mom: nikki ikaw na magbasa, who cannot pronounce filipino words properly: i uh"
"Happy April Fools Day! (To all my filipino peeps)"
"After she fell down the slope, bad weather forced her to spend the night in Hong Kong's Ma On Shan country park bef "
"Charmane Star and Jenaveve Jolie fuck a lucky guy #Asian, 69, asian, ass licking, big dick, "
"I love all the Darna stuff but tbh I feel fake because I Filipino but didn grow up with her or even knew her cu "
"iN nEED oF FiLiPinO revIEWer!!!!!!"
"This aint my selca day entry but I felt that it had to be done                BINATANG "
"Just watched Eerie finally, it def the best Filipino Horror Movie i seen in a long time.  "
"Walang hindi gagawin para sa inang minamahal. &lt;3#CupcakesSoapsForMom "
"filipino time sucks forever. schedule a later time than wasting somebody else "
"I believe even Filipino Muslims would find the harsh Brunei law inhuman! "
" : A FILIPINO SUPERHERO. IN THE MARVEL UNIVERSE. was something that felt so far-fetched that I'd given up on wishing fo"
"Craving for Filipino food.  at New Mabuhay Restaurant In Bangkok "
"Filipino killing Filipino men"
"  They had a Filipino nurse back in 2016 I think, but the actress who played the character isn' "
" Outstanding Performance in Filipino Outstanding Performance in English Leadership Award (The Momentum- Spo "
"For those Filipino ppl who are still arguing that Pres. #Marcos is either a good or a bad president in the "
" WAH! I didn't expect that you're a filipino and hey Kababayan!! Ano musta na? Toxic dito noh?"
"  SINUNGALING KYONG MGA KOMUNISTANG INTSIK.  Paki translate po sa chinese pra malaman "
"Yes I do believe that We, Filipino BOICE are the NOISIEST hahahaha   were told that before, the fandom was "
" : Filipino fishermen are told by the Chinese to fish farther from Panatag. si #DuterteBugaw , iniimbitahan pa ang n"
" I saw from a friends expat penthouse on 20th floor, an old Chinese hag yelling at her Filipino maid "
"I want to promote the rights of citizen the quality of education.i will take approriate steps by helping me out sup "
"Congratulations and welcome to the UPCAT 2019 Passers! Study hard, enjoy your stay in UP, and remember - always, in "
" : eclipse was engaged to supply the full technical package for Supreme: , the first Filipino sold-out concert in"
"Funny ung facilitator namin na partner from australia. Hahaha The password for the answer key is Jollibee20 'coz t "
"While everyone got distracted by Snakes on Google Maps and the announcement of the name of the new Japanese era, I "
"12. Uhhhhh i only know my dad's side but we're from Fujian, China. With the whole ancestral home thing. And my mom' "
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 | "
" : Filipino Labor Day festival to be held in Sharjah "
"Totts pu  apaka ganda hehe  titser namin sa filipino noon tapos ang galing nya magturooooo!! napaka bait din hihi "
" you filipino incorrect joon???????!!!??? "
"    basically another rendition of i love you in filipino "
"Gagawa pa ako sa feasibility namin sa Filipino ng content sa brochure anuna"
" Very Filipino "
"Chinese envoy reminds Filipino fishers of West PH Sea ! The West Philippine Sea is ours!://t.co/vPbe3ROEE2"
"i just remembered one time i was over at gerard's dorm before we were dating and his parents showed up so his roomm "
"://t.co/23JtWDizln#panantukan # # # # # # # #"
"binuhos* i swear i'm bad at filipino i'm sorry"
"pasikat filipino starter pack "
" So this one a Filipino pa huh?"
"  For the sake of the Filipino commuters &amp; the country prestige, STOP the bureaucracy &amp; award "
" This is my first time listening to filipino song and these are beautiful. I like mundo little more. Buwan "
"ready na ba kayo bumagsak bukas sa filipino "
"Pastry chef 3d cake designer, and Filipino female sales lady We looking for Pastry Chef 3d cake designersSalary dep "
"  but illegal chinese workers here are state sponsored... filipino workers in "
"Filipino time.  "
"toxic filipino culture: -pag may bunso kang kapatid kahit wala kang ginagawa ikaw ang may kasalanan."
"I wowed at my cousin... Editor-in-chief lang naman sa wikang filipino... Ok ewan ko nalang datapwat akoy tao lamang!"
"I feel like this is just a skill you learn cause our Filipino mom is always telling us to do so many things at one "
" Sagdi lang hapit naman ang revelation day sad namo hahahahaha kita jung katag ani ug Filipino major ba jud ko or reed"
"MANILA: Bureau of Immigration (BI) officers at the Ninoy Aquino International Airport (NAIA) stopped 30 Filipino to "
" : Numerous fan artworks highlighted Darna in a fresher and more exciting look. #SigawDarna ://t.co/2AuRNtrzwN"
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 | "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"Filipino time "
" :  POP UP EVENT!!  on the Street Pop-up Pt 2 with Twisted Path Distillery, Enlightened Brewing Company, and Co"
"Filipino Labor Day festival to be held in Sharjah "
" Im proud that you are an artist and carry the Filipino flag. Just saying."
"Isang binatang filipino yeah "
"Filipino Labor Day festival to be held in Sharjah "
" : TOP 10 RICHEST YOUNG FILIPINO CELEBRITIES OF 2019 #ASAPNatinTo#1stPerforLAYFonASAP#SPSTheGreatPa"
" : You can find this Filipino street food all around the world  "
"#ANCRecap: Chinese Coast Guard have not left Scarborough Shoal despite pronouncements of President Duterte that Fil "
" : #CNNPHAsks: April is Filipino Food Month! Tweet us your favorite local comfort food?  "
" HAHAHHAHA very filipino"
" : Not gonna lie, I actually really enjoy watching these Filipino movies on Netflix. I over here crying and laughing at t"
"Samahang Filipino  "
"CHING CHONG://t.co/VUchQl4BRQ"
"Wow English! Hahah please take time to read my platform in Filipino sa "
"Bader International School Filmfest (Filipino), Debate (English) and Math Exhibit Awarding. Rewarding the students "
" Bro I love watch Filipino street food vlogs"
"it still amazes me how sandara park could switch from korean to filipino really fast"
"My old school Filipino Xbox related gears team is somehow aware of ms_vixen on Twitch and again bc of a damned free "
"Recruiting for our client, candidates from Indian, Nepal or Filipino will provide accommodation, food and "
"- Candidate must possess at least Bachelor's/College Degree in Business Studies/Administration/Management or equiva "
" :  April is National Literature Month and Filipino Food Month.  #KulturaPH"
"  A Filipino man named Nick I don't know his real name. He spoke like 15 languages, he "
"Yawa grabi maka stressed jung filipino ay lisud kay i apas ang clearance tangina!!"
"i asked her ano filipino translation ng train and sabi niya M "
"why are bakeshop so yummy  kanang just a variety of bread and Filipino pastries like bahug2 yoyo fig pie ensaymada ajabshsbjsha"
"inang filipino yan baka uliten kopa"
"tbh, I'm at the point where I want those Filipino Legends such as Magayon and etc to be fucking true. fuck, man."
".  and  launched the 8th issue of #PerroBerde, a cultural magazine that features "
" Me as bakugou when I found out my grade in filipino:"
"Komunikasyon sa Akademikong Filipino? Diba easiest subject yan? Ba't dyan ka bumaba? expected huhu sorry ma :("
" : #MyPhBoy ctto sounds tasty. ://t.co/7LxscqqT84 my accounts ig/tw  fb/yt  My Ph"
"my grasp of the filipino language is so bad :(("
"filipino arts is so underrated"
"Guy I grew up with married into a Filipino family. RIP"
"Anyway I spending the day thinking about filipino superstitions now and feeling very validated now that I seen "
"tren noun meaning train in Filipino #Filipino #train"
"di nagreview pero napasama pa sa BIG 6 sa Filipino "
"lagi talagang filipino time yung laro sa baranggay e walangya Hahahaha"
"The Implication of Colonization on the Relationship between the Filipino Mindset of Being Balat-Sibuyas and Nationa "
"kainis magkaron ng bf na binatang filipino "
"  wow hello pu sa one of the highest sa filipino "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"man, 35 for Language Proficiency in my UPG - Reading Comprehension - Science - Math fucking suck at Fi "
"GUYS MAY MV NA BA??? FILIPINO TIME EH"
"WALA PA?? FILIPINO TIME ATA EH"
"every Filipino family has, he called Tito Boy Abunda  "
"how to stop being so conyo like magrerecite ako sa filipino subj namin pagagalitan pa ako ng adviser ko because i "
"Prepping for a nosebleed. Why does it seem so hard to write in Filipino than English."
" : Had a Filipino lunch with Viet. friends, shopped for Turkish pastries, filled up at the Sri Lankan gas bar, bought sundrie"
" league of filipino straights talaga "
"   You would actually let them hold Filipino DH hostage? Control our Sea "
"Tapos ang 1st day pero may make up class sa Filipino hekhek"
" : A PURE Blooded Filipino should win this competition. #WoDphTOP3"
" ,  , El Greco Filipino://t.co/Z7RCnsq8lS "
" ,  , El Greco Filipino://t.co/Z9GtpHnaiY "
"One of the founding members of Filipino band True Faith Ferdie Marquez has passed away as announced by former bandm "
" : The Bureau of Fisheries and Aquatic Resources advised local fishermen to avoid the Scarborough (Panatag) shoal  the m"
" : Fighting Filipino Cinema 0^^0)/#MARIAMovie #mustwatch#SupportLocalFilms #VivaFilms "
"wow ha sobrang nakakahiya sa mga intsik nato hahahahahah "
"Me n mom were talking about this Filipino model tiddies on her fb and my dad pipes in with  me see  my mom maaaaad annoyed"
"Gatchalian: Prioritize Filipino workers "
"Pag bigla naging makata yung pagka-Filipino ng exam. Jusq dudugo ilong dito "
" : there's nothing more #ManilaCyberpunk than these neon-colored structures, built on the backs, sweat, and blood of disen"
" : Filipino food month? Your government just killed farmers in the dead of the month. Farmers who feed us. #Duterte https://"
"Hindi niya diretsuhang sinabi ito ngunit sa kaniyang Asignatura (Filipino) sinabihan niya ako na isa raw ako sa mga "
"        "
"The more I read about the current state of our country and the more Filipino reactions I see, mas nawawalan na ko n "
"Fifty years into the revolutionary armed struggle, the NPA remains and has proven its mettle to be the main instru "
" :   Oh em gee .. don't even say that. I'll be star struck!  I haven't been to Phil in many years"
"babagsak sa filipino o babagsak sayo? HAHAHAHA"
"  Oh em gee .. don't even say that. I'll be star struck!  I haven't been to Phil in many "
" : FILIPINO FRIENDS. Who is this IVAN DORSCHNER? I AM IN LOVE.     "
"  &amp; hiphop yayyy neto  to sa filipino walang makakatalo makipagt "
"HOY Filipino, not Chinese. #BanaueRiceTerraces  "
"Urgent Requirement:*Kitchen Helpers, preferably Nepali or Filipino ( 220-240KD plus Accommodation, Transportation "
"Nothing like the traditional filipino massage, hilot  I feel happier than ever!"
" I'm interested to know do you get to vote in Filipino elections as a member of the diaspora."
"Senator Sherwin Gatchalian said the government must ensure that Filipinos are prioritized in the hiring of workers "
"may adobo rice dyan? bat dito wala tae hahahaha TASTE TEST JOLLIBEE :: FILIPINO FAST FOOD "
" You haven't been a vocal supporter of fishermen, you've been a vocal supporter of skippers. Fisherme "
" : I STAN our great Filipino farmers. "
" Filipino chef na magtrabaho sa Saudi Arabia"
" Filipino chef na magtrabaho sa Saudi Arabia"
"filipino really screwed me up jesus christ"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
" : Sa twing mangangampanya si DU30 bakit lagi ang banat nya yong simbahan, yong mga pari, .. bakit??  nya ang mga fil"
" : growing up in a filipino family be hella stressful"
"Di ko ine-expect na ganon ako ka-bopis sa Reading comprehension at Language proficiency HAHAHAAHAHAH. I blame my ig "
" : Try out these fresh picked local sweet corns #foodie://t.co/ykUoQPZRN3  #tagalogtravels #food #corn #localfood"
"andaminggggg filipino movies sa netflix, yaaaaay!!!"
" : Ang 25th-annual Barrio event ng Penn State Filipino Association ay nagpapakita ng kultura, tradisyon ng Pilipinas#Phi"
"Day 1 of #Archive30 is for #YourArchive. In Filipino, it's #IyongSinupan or #IyongArtsibo. "
"Nothing beats mom's home cooked Filipino food"
"        "
"J ouviram a m dos Now United em Filipino para a Pepsi???   link est aqui em baixo! Confiram  "
"Numerous fan artworks highlighted Darna in a fresher and more exciting look. #SigawDarna ://t.co/2AuRNtrzwN"
"Work out tips and food tips pleaseeeee ur my filipino inspiration  Should always be eating every two hours. (Meal- "
" I don know if it a Filipino thing or just my mum, but if anyone ever choked on their food a litt "
"tawa ako ng tawa kaning filipino time tapos ap then nung uwian wala akong nakasabay HAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA"
" : If they were built by the Chinese, Filipinos would still owe money.. seriously, Filipino historians, make copies of your ar"
" : Guys, curious lang ako. Akala ko kasi talaga Filipino-American si Andre. Ako lang ba?-French-Irish pala sya."
"- 79 - 76 - 78 - 79              .P- 77 Picture - 690"
"Ang ganda ng Eerie pero sana may Ulan pa kasi hehe into Filipino films ako ngayon bakit wala yun ha?! Takot pa ako sa Eerie haha"
"Chinese envoy reminds Filipino fishers of West PH Sea &amp;#8216;limits&amp;#8217; "
"me at 1am watching romantic filipino movies on netflix "
" : chinese and filipino - mahilig tumawad i'm both "
"  you are a fabricator of lie an agent of washington who's job was to spread propaganda an "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
" this is like,,, one of those very rare times that you tweeted/ spoke in straight filipino and it n "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"  They have hundreds of thousands of Filipino DH hostages if we don't allow Chinese work "
"Arellano on Tulfo: He is a dishonor. He should resign. He is not qualified to represent the Filipino workers outsid "
"Hiring for Waiters for our client, candidates from Indian, Nepal, Pakistan or Filipino will pr "
"Jaime Ramon Jim Paredes (born August 31, 1951) is a Filipino musician, producer, educator, writer, photographer, "
"Arellano on Tulfo's lazy comment: He should be asked to apologize to the Filipino workers... Ang mga Pinoy ay ver "
"Wala ko katuo naka score kog ingon ato sa filipino hahahaha"
""
"Arellano on the presence of Chinese workers in the Philippines: May adverse effect sa mga Filipino workers. Sila ay "
"This week I have a special guest in the kitchen, and he's gonna show us how to cook a classic Filipino recipe. What "
"Sa twing mangangampanya si DU30 bakit lagi ang banat nya yong simbahan, yong mga pari, .. bakit??  nya ang mg "
"Parang sya ung filipino version ni noah centineo "
"  Filipino labor force built several middle eastern countries and lauded for their professionalism and dedication!"
"Hello! I'm starting a blog/vlog series about the everyday Filipino, at need ko ng interviewees!'ll go to you, do "
" Show the document...you are fooling all Filipino.  Wag nyo kaming lokohin."
"if y don know joven, how are you filipino  "
"  you right tho! One time my period was late and she like  BETTER NOT BE PREGNANT!!!! typical Filipino moms tho "
"  thinking of me singing on Grammys and being the 1st Filipino 9x Grammy award winning singe "
"hi moots!  similar are we?: filipino: otaku: milktea: akb48 / other sister groups  "
" :  Correct. But when you criticize, make sure you don have skeletons of your own hidden in the closet, i.e. co"
"Try out these fresh picked local sweet corns #foodie://t.co/ykUoQPZRN3  #tagalogtravels #food #corn "
"Can't stop thinking about that tweet that said Nako looked like a Filipino tita goodnight"
"Three module in  Programming Long quiz Lecture and Laboratory, of Prelim and Midterm in Filipino. "
"toxic filipino culture:  nag ka boyfriend nang isang foreigner or mayaman, gold digger na agad. smh"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"Toxic Filipino culture og kinsay biktima mao rapuy kampihan pamiwa pud ang side sa isa"
"Chinese envoy reminds Filipino fishers of West PH Sea  "
" : Last time I checked, we are all still free to speak against, criticize, and challenge authority. Although, we are not all"
"sorry sinabi ko yun dapat sa filipino pero yung nag-away sa akin kanina straight english ang pagsalita niya without "
"That's what the Jetski promise actually meant... Have we learned anything yet Filipino voters? How politicians talk "
" in cheating in noisy in laaaaaaaaaate so proud of you self in English in Math "
"Ito naman yung Filipino version ng business story ko.  "
"Going to the Philippines for the  int recruitment drive, I feel grateful and privileged to be both British and Fi "
"nothin' in this world like a filipino boy "
" :         "
"I mean, that's completely believable if you ignore how Filipino contractors are being asked to repair poor work by "
"#BREAKINGNEWSNOW:(DEVELOPING)Panelo to ask BFAR why it is telling Filipino fishermen to stay away from Pagasa Island. | "
"Zhao:  think we are concerned about the livelihood of fishermen from both sides. And if they think they can fish "
" : I salivating already with  providing the liquid refreshments to wash down the tasty #Filipino #food "
"#BREAKINGNEWSNOW:Panelo says Filipino fishermen should go about their usual activities in West PHL Sea, but if it e "
" N I think u Filipino so hey there "
"Pero putanginang taas nung math ko wtf. Yung feeling na nakagawa pako ng mini comic strip sa scratch paper ko sa ma "
"english :  tweet tweet tweet: bokbokbokbokboookkk"
" :   if u vet your tweet twas really the local tax or sec police who are crackingdown tax-evaders &amp;corp who use"
"Let support Filipino Vloggers!"
"i'm sorry to my non filo moots who can't understand ng tweets rn coz they are in filipino hashasahsahdhhdh"
"Support the cause.  sisig today! Or Laing, or Turon, or kare kare, or adobo, or (insert favorite Filipino foo "
"Lahat na lang kukunin???!!!!#ALDUBNationLovingHeart Planet catches ire of Filipino netizens fo "
"Thank you  for coming and supporting the launch of Pinas Sarap Filipino Night Buffet with us.  "
" : Arellano: There should be nationalization of minimum wage. It will bring a standard to Filipino workers.#TheLeaderIwan"
"As usual filipino time. "
"Chinese envoy reminds Filipino fishers of West PH Sea  "
"chinese and filipino - mahilig tumawad i'm both "
"Guys, curious lang ako. Akala ko kasi talaga Filipino-American si Andre. Ako lang ba?-French-Irish pala s "
" : Hooooy legit ganda nung Eerie! Not your typical filipino horror movie. Infairness "
" : , a Filipino-Horror movie that was recently released this week. For me, I would rate it 9/10, it not your typica"
" : Just watch #Eerie and I could say the filipino films are actually getting better.."
"Youre too Malaysian to be a filipino.. but youre too Filipino to be a malaysian...  where the fuck do I belong? In the Ocean? Narnia?"
"Guys, curious lang ako. Akala ko kasi talaga Filipino-American si Andre. Ako lang ba?-French-Irish pala s "
" : Bruh, the whole time I was at the aquarium my mom, being Filipino and everything, kept commenting on which fish she eaten "
"DYK? The raspberry was the world's first Filipino scientist on NBC."
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
" : Presidential Spokesman Salvador Panelo says Chinese Ambassador Zhao Jianhua to visit him later today. He says he might raise"
" 04 liner, filipino, hufflepuff and sleep deprived hddjdjdj"
"di ko talaga kinakaya ang Filipino "
"Arellano: There should be nationalization of minimum wage. It will bring a standard to Filipino workers. "
"Not filipino, but I can relate  "
"Arellano says he will push for the increase of the minimum wage. He says he will push for higher wage because Filip "
"Kelsey Meritt devours Filipino street food first thing back in Manila "
"The Duterte government does not represent the Filipino people."
"    Lol you friend I was social climber and I should go back to my 2nd jo "
"nung filipino di pa binigay questionnaire(??) sinagutan ko na agad yung answer sheet KAKSKSHAHAHA tska di naman rel "
"Kabilang sa mga lutuing Southeast Asia, ang Filipino food ay nananatiling isang palaisipan.#Philippines "
" with honors best in filipino best in oral recitation best in reading"
"Filipino-Egyptian baby. Umuwi ng Pinas for the final screening of PBB. Sana makapasok sa batch 4. "
" why cover kpop songs naman kasi tapos sasabihin mo na parang hindi ako filipino eh the fact na hindi fili "
"  Tama yan sir . Filipino first po dapat :)"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"tsaka guys may scantron talaga yung filipino subj "
"        "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"Kemaren2 lg bosen drakor beranjak ke dorama japan, thailand dan sekarang filipino. Maunya apa yaakk random amat "
"#CitizenServices is the Filipino access to diverse information on civil registration, passport application, and o "
"Me: Chinese is hard! friend: I agree.: Japanese is confusing! friend: I agree.: what even "
" : toxic filipino family culture?  pag achiever isa sa members ng family, dapat ikaw din. kung magaling siya, dapat ikaw din"
"Andaming ganito actually. They won't approve of your success if you overshine them.  not just be happy for the "
"PH Embassy in Brussels Hosts Degustation of Filipino Wines, Spirits: "
"I'm gonna become a writer. I'm gonna make movies. I'm gonna make music. I'm gonna own a business. Just a Filipino k "
" : Welcoming summer with a Filipino dessert called Halo-Halo "
"Ang 25th-annual Barrio event ng Penn State Filipino Association ay nagpapakita ng kultura, tradisyon ng Pilipinas "
"   Duterte administration and AFP after hearing China is  F "
"Gaka annoy gyapon ko sa akong Filipino nga grade  edi wow ma'am"
"Damn, Filipino movies hit me hard"
"wow full cast yung mga exams bukas ahh : Filipino, Science, Math "
"Yung tangina nakakastressed na yung lf kanina, yung kagrupo mo sa lifelabs na puro ml inaatupag tangina,tapos yung "
"The BFAR on Saturday advised local fishermen to avoid the Scarborough (Panatag) shoal  the meantime amid repo "
"binatang filipino yeah "
"filipino moms always taste grapes before buying them."
" :  My Filipino family says that if you allow someone to buy you shoes without paying them they can walk all"
" : Not Filipino by blood but Filipino by HEA! Aishiteru Fumiya! Thank you for loving our country ! always the BI"
" : I Filipino so i can only transact with filo buyers since i still don know how to ship it abroad :( But please help me rt t"
"I rushed through both meetings because I was truly bothered. When I got home, I changed clothes. 's when ever "
"toxic filipino mentality: utang na loo"
"PH Embassy Conducts Cultural Briefing for Singaporean Primary School Counselors:  "
" : Anthony-Pablo Deconstruction of Federico Garcia Lorca  Wedding Translation by Anthony Dusaban "
" : The #BeefMami episode, our most popular episode on YouTube, just crossed TEN THOUSAND views!! No way! Thanks everyone!"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"Start your week motivated. We dare you to achieve the amazing!  Be inspired by beautiful pieces from Detalia Auro "
" Ayyy naku bes sya rin yung nagsabi na I hate being Filipino  jusko akala nya naman gusto ko syang m "
"Pls wag niyo na akong iparecite sa Filipino :((("
"Welcoming summer with a Filipino dessert called Halo-Halo "
"April Fools' Day   ?!!! Thank you I'm your Filipino husband "
" : POTA GUSTO KO TO EH YUNG UGALING FILIPINO HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH "
"Filipino BLINKS are so damn wild "
" : This is how Chinese fishing vessels, believed to be maritime militia, look like from Pag-asa Island (Thitu). The town ma"
"Hello Iloilo!   live Casino Filipino Iloilo on April 10, 2019 Wednesday. you  "
"I knew it. I tried to not watch any Filipino movies on Netflix because I be a crying mess. Now here I am finding "
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 | "
"Sorry, but I really despise people who are always late. Walang sense of punctuality. Puro  time ang pinapairal. Hay."
"  Filipino"
" Filipino  15  YOONMIN is my fave ship yes I love all of them"
"Reread Winds of April by NVM Gonzales then? Or any Filipino works. There are a lot, di lang natin alam "
"babes how similar are we? - panicked bi - KIRISHIMA - weeb - self proclaimed artist - filipino - "
" filipino teacher namin to  mabait tsaka friendly sa students  napakaapproachable yieeee thank you po gbu"
"sa mga school na pinuntahan ko iba iba yung subject na major ko HAHAHAHA potek yung isa PE, tapos Filipino, then English HAHAHAHA auq na"
" : Senator Joel Villanueva on Saturday urged Filipino traders and employers to give fellow countrymen preferential treatment"
"When filipino shows speak chinese.... HAHAHA"
"Hindi ko maintindihan gagawin sa filipino"
"growing up in a filipino family be hella stressful"
"Filipino Time "
"Don be fooled on diagnosis you read on the internet. If you not feeling well, seek medical help right away. Ta "
"Filipino Pride  "
"I Filipino so i can only transact with filo buyers since i still don know how to ship it abroad :( But please h "
"Sometimes you tweet in another language, what language is that?  Filipino/Tagalog!! "
" thank you!! hopefully by the end of this week I will finally understand PPRR and what the 18 different Filipino regions are "
"Filipino, 3,500 #American and 50 #Australian #troops began Monday with a ceremony at Camp #Aguinaldo in #Quezon Cit "
" : I can't wait for Fumiya's reaction vlog upon seeing his YouTube subscribers and also his vlogs with Yamyam where they wo"
" :  asahan mo na na milyong milyong filipino mag rereact sayo pag pinagtanggol mo mga tulad mong eletista. ang p"
" mo maipapalawak ang iyong negosyo kung like wala kang sapat na knowledge?  I just said that shit on my oral exams sa filipino."
" : My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 |"
"   Printing brochures and mass producing them with a professional quality "
" : With High Honors .365 Average  1 Overall in Math  in Science in Filipino  you po Lord!  A"
"The Filipino movies on Netflix are "
" do you know Filipino gay its so hot like me"
"My parents only care about Netflix cuz they found out there filipino movies"
" La primera es.. violencia? Chuleria? La segunda, no habia nacido el 85% de twitter...y la tercera, un "
" Hi, to whom should I speak with in terms of tourism visa for a Filipino worker who lives in Jeddah currently?"
" Filipino doggo?"
"LOOK: Kelsey Meritt devours Filipino street food first thing back in Manila "
" Okay lang yung 'di fluent sa English. Pero, yung Filipino major mo noong college pero 'di mo pa rin a "
" God bless her. This is Joyce not Guili. HAHAHAHAHA. I Filipino and I understand your tweet."
"grahhhh another Filipino hypocrisy: shaming people who are on leaked sex scandals but asking for the fucking file. puta ano to???"
"we all know Hendery being a filipino is no april fool's joke"
"Filipino Female Accountant  MAM Investment  "
"NO. THE CHINESE HIRED FILIPINOS (WHO ARE ALREADY EXPES) TO BUILD THE CHINESE RICE TERRACES! "
" (2) Unless proven otherwise by personal experience. For example, after a little more digging, and ( "
" HALA TEKA GUSTO KO YAN FILIPINO DUBBED"
"Classroom Recognition everyone! Specially to my Ate Jazmine Yvonne  to come students! Godjob  "
"On the day one of the biggest Balikatan military exercises between PH and US soldiers was about to begin, Filipino "
"Buko Pandan #dessert #foodie #food #filipino #cuisine #delicious #wheninmanila   Max's Restaurant, "
"Pinoy ka sigaw na, sige....Filipino! Filipino! "
"her: I think you have lotion that you forgot to spread on your face: no that's my skin: I think it's "
" : PH Exercise Director Lt. Gen. Gilbert Gapay says the joint military exercises aimed at improving interoperability between"
" Now you're playing the victim card? Shouldn't have to react anyway but you chose to in a rude way no "
"PI 100 class be talking about return service agreement and ano? Tiis-tiis na lang tayo sa mababang paswedo at masam "
"Filipino traditional sweets "
"#Ininini: Naharang ng mga tauhan ng Bureau of Immigration ang 30 Filipino na tangka umanong magtrabaho sa United Ar "
" : ...Chinese investments have been pouring slowly into the Philippines, and they end up creating jobs for Chinese rather tha"
" Please have a Filipino Heritage Night next year!"
"Sizzling Tofu #food #foodie #filipino #cuisine #foodphotography #foodporn #wheninmanila  Max's Restaurant, Forbes "
"Repost: of Visayan martyr San Pedro Calungsod, the second Filipino saint; commemorate his feast day on Tu "
"Spareribs Adobo #food #filipino #cusine #foodie #delicious #wheninmanila #foodphotography #foodporn  Max's Restaur "
" : officially joining this trend uwu  - ult jungkook - ult lisa  - ult ryujin - ult soobin  - armyblink/txtzy"
"So kanina nung filipino time: May dalawang manliligaw. Yung isa matalino tas yung isa barumbado. Sino sasa "
"Apolinario Mabini for me is the best filipino philosopher"
" sabi na ih LSWS to hahaha  EWS at Filipino lang powers ko"
"people who use 'filipino time' as an excuse just don't value time enough and aren't getting any of my respect"
" You're one of the inspirations for me to start speedruns, and my fiance and I enjoyed your RE3 work. "
"  Yeah you're that burden so much that we can't do anything except to befriend China rat "
" '        ,     . Rites  Quezon City Sc "
"i like cougars she's like 30filipino women the best fucks you'll get"
" Your name means Father in Filipino."
"Watching the movie Starting Over Again again..now that I a little older - Marco doesn deserve what Ginny is doi "
"Above and Beyond  #aboveandbeyond #minnesota #minneapolis #asians #girls #filipino #vietnamese #friends "
"$10 to any Filipino whose middle name isn Mae "
" oh boy, if u knew filipino..."
" my ethnicity is Filipino but my nationality is swedish"
"Nahalungkat ko yung elehiya na ginawa ko nung Grade 9 sa Filipino... wala lang skl :)) ---"
" Finally!! Plus youre a fellow filipino so that maks  it much better. We coud relate to jokes na tay "
"The Balikatan exercises, which opened at Camp Aguinaldo, will have around 7,500 Filipino and American personnel wit "
"40. nationality: filipino"
"   Debt. Cnu mas maraming inutang sa China at ibang bansa pero puro palpak na proyekto "
" Oh wait i'm not filipino :("
"tapos na rin uung pinaghirapan ko sa filipino hahaha tapos na lahat"
" so ur half filipino and half japanese?!?!"
"I salivating already with  providing the liquid refreshments to wash down the tasty #Filipino "
"Tw: don't read if you have a mental illness haven't stopped hearing the phrase, hang yourself in Filipino in my head for hours"
" My Filipino girl. "
" '        ,     . Honors ; Overall Best in Fil "
"If you love Greek or Filipino myths,God and Goddesses then i love you."
"Filipino time nga kase"
"  Lunch. Takot talaga ako sa Metro at night, just because I really not familiar with the "
" Filipino, baklaaaang girl, loves dancing"
"Traceability Tech Impact on Local Filipino Fishers "
"Depende sa kasama sa movie sa tv or show sa tv. don't watch (sorry) regular Filipino movies sa theatre. Sa tv - d "
" : HIV 101 (Filipino Version), A Thread Version can be found here: "
"Its a blessing to be a Filipino but a curse to be living in the Philippines"
"Tagalog/Filipino conversation using 1 syllable 'Ba'  "
"The most unrealistic thing about Shortland Street is that there are hardly (read: none) any Filipino nurses."
"the fact that idk the filipino terms for some dirty things i "
" : Filipino are one of the most, and if not, the most talented ethnicity. You can change my mind"
" Natutuwa kami sa'yo kuya junmyeon dahil kaya mo magsalita sa wikang Filipino. Ipagpatuloy mo yan."
"  why did this tweet make me wish i was filipino"
"Filipino Dishes For Holy Week "
" : TOXIC FILIPINO CULTURE: Hindi marunong magbasa pero panay ang panghuhusga. "
" : GRABE. gusto ko rin ng Filipino-themed prom. ng barong lalaki and pabonggahan ng gown babae. maraming"
"I learned Filipino and/or Tagalog when I was eight."
" : #MyPhBoy ctto  sexy Yosu fine ://t.co/iO2kgDlBmL my accounts ig/tw  fb/yt  My Ph"
" : #MyPhBoy ctto 2 sexy Yosu fine ://t.co/iO2kgDlBmL my accounts ig/tw  fb/yt  My Ph"
"#MyPhBoy ctto 2 sexy Yosu fine ://t.co/iO2kgDlBmL my accounts ig/tw  fb "
"Being a Filipino magazine in Japan for 24 years, it is still an honor for us when the famous actors and actresses i "
"Sa layuning makapagbigay ng mas mabilis na pagtugon sa mga problema ng mga kababayang nagtatrabaho sa abroad ay ini "
"Panelo on Bureau of Fisheries and Aquatic Resources statement that fishermen should avoid Panatag for the meantime: "
" : Look: Chinese Amb. to the Phil. Zhao Jianhua visits Presidential Spokesman Salvador Panelo at his office in Malaca tod"
"LOOK: Bishop-elect Leo Dalmao celebrates his farewell Mass with the Filipino community in Rome at the chapel of the "
"LOOK: Bishop-elect Leo Dalmao celebrates his farewell Mass with the Filipino community in Rome at the chapel of the "
"Why do Pinoys think it okay to operate on Filipino Time? "
"Binatang Filipino ye"
"Look: Chinese Amb. to the Phil. Zhao Jianhua visits Presidential Spokesman Salvador Panelo at his office in Malaca "
" Deeper and deeper into my emotional upset hahaha.(A totally tangential anecdote coming up: discovered "
"I feel like I'm in a Filipino Game Show with all these people telling me about their sob stories."
"Seven Sundays was the purest filipino movie i ever seen and also enrique gil my man ugh love him"
"Their perseverance paid off as they admitted that many of their fellow farmers have given up the fight. "
"The Social Security System's CIO offered some detail on his overseas allocation plans. But some uncertainty lingers "
"Two Filipino warriors from Team Lakay in Eduard Folayang and Kevin Belingon lost their ONE world titles in a night "
"Fav filipino rap artist?  just hush "
"More Filipino households set aside their money for savings in the first quarter, according to the Bangko Sentral n "
"Female Filipino Laser Therapist With Dha License Urgently Required For A Medical Center In Dubai- UAE- Dubai &amp; Abu Dhabi"
"Two Filipino warriors from Team Lakay in Eduard Folayang and Kevin Belingon lost their ONE world titles in a night "
"#Mystified serves world-class entertainment to an international audience while maintaining its appeal to mainstrea "
" : aaaaa I suck at filipino poetry :&lt;"
" ayy sayang... i deduct mo nlang sa grade ko sa science hahaha for the filipino haha jk lang"
"Just made Filipino spaghetti and yes, I put sugar in my spaghetti sauce"
" Gusto ko na nagsimula ka sa Ingles tapos nagtapos sa Filipino."
"Iskolar ng Bayan Program public high school graduates from the Top 10 of their graduating class are eligi "
" mug defend sa psychstat? mug defend sa filipino? lupig pay graduating oy "
"  Batch 2 adult LAYF the best po tlga "
" Hahahhaahah -Filipino army "
" : group photo: jihoon and filipino mays edition! # #PARKJIHOONinManila "
"  exactly the same with Vodaphone...some poor Filipino kid on 2c an hour makes earnest promises..."
"Filipino carpenters needs youuuuuuuu #SaveSingularTourManila #SaveSingularTourMNL"
"POTA GUSTO KO TO EH YUNG UGALING FILIPINO HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH "
"Tagal nila jusqo mga filipino time tlga"
"#Katropa #DWDD #MCAG #CRSAFP #Balikatan #AFPyoucanTRUST  | The importance of balikatan extends far interopera "
"i shouldve just bought my stroller in a filipino website because what the fuck  $10 for a fuckin stroller bitch "
" : ang lala ng na-call out ka ng college publication ng Princeton lol://t.co/qHupUH0ya4"
"         "
"With honors and Division School Press Conference awardee for the tv broadcasting in Filipino lord for t "
" : Contractor on why they hire Chinese workers for a privately funded construction project:  have some technical, we need"
"93.92/ 3.50 hmmmm, di na masama. So far, so good for my grades, Thank you Lord!  . Filipino grade is slowly bu "
"filipino love songs hit different"
" filipino mutuals!! di ko pa alam kung pwede tayo mag meet up ksi of time restraints pero kung pwede, ipapaalam ko sa inyo!!!"
" : Spring 1942. Filipino troops train w a .30-cal water-cooled machine gun. They are valiant fighters; yet neither they no"
" : hi im a filipino trans man who almost five months on testosterone! happy #tdov &amp; #transdayofvisibilty to all my trans sibl"
"Not gonna lie, I actually really enjoy watching these Filipino movies on Netflix. I over here crying and laughing at the same time."
" : Yes! Medicare and Medicaid also increased the demand for #nurses, and along with new #immigration legislation in 1965, led"
" : Filipino people who stans sandra bullock??? anyone???"
" HAHHAAH sis filipino ka pala, todo english pa ako"
"im late asf but joining in the band wagon! How similar are we?: filipino: new to kpop: tall  "
"aaaaa I suck at filipino poetry :&lt;"
"the summer gonna be perfect for thesis bcs i be motivated from seeing japan again then it be a research vac "
"i wanna try this: how similar are we?: bilingual: loves to draw: loves to write: musically "
"Also in relation to my last tweet my bosses dad refers to me as something along the lines of  Filipino and thi "
"lets see how many filipino movies i can watch this spring break, so far it's been 5..."
"  Don't even get me started with dalagang filipino yoongi JDJSKAJ"
" : My filipino mom when she was pregnant:|              ||              ||               |                 |"
" : *asking Filipino moms for permission to go out* : Ma my friends invited me to go to the beach : did you do your chor"
"UNSOLICITED ENDORSEMENT by Vice Ganda.  Marie Borja Viceral (born March 31, 1976), known professionally as Vi "
"How do i stop being filipino "
" Im filipino and i cant even bare watching this"
"somebody: magisip naman poh kayo ng pangalan ng dog ko. yung pang korean namay pagka filipino.: RIZAL PARK. angal kapa?"
"group photo: jihoon and filipino mays edition! # #PARKJIHOONinManila "
"  Filipino Pride anyone? "
" Nope. My beloved Filipino Grandpa made breaded calamari rings. I thought they were onion rings, and hate "
"He's not Filipino. Has a blue eyes, he has a best friend where they do exploration together and an emo perhaps? wen "
" Name's KING! Filipino-American trans man. First time participating in #TransDayOfVisibility I'm an MAE "
" Hindi ahh! Masaya kaya! Malalim ang filipino mo hahaha. Parang makata "
" : next thing we know, bawal na Filipino sa Pilipinas  hay, we gotta fight for our country "
" 10/10 would recommend kasi it's a breath of fresh air for me (pertaining to Filipino horror films), diffe "
"  oh my gosh cy are you part filipino im,,, ((hithisisreinbowyoumightrecognizemebromtumblr))"
"Come to SOM 202 on April 8, next Monday, at 5 PM. Come whether you great or horrible in Filipino."
"Ateneo Psyche invites you to A Cross Discipline Conference on Filipino Linguistics where we look at literary, psych "
"what i would give to see two filipino men be able to kiss on national television when i was growing up  "
"Grade 9- Academic Excellence Awardee, With Honors 92% 10- Academic Excellence Awardee, With Honors 94% i "
"        "
" : Catriona Gray Biography - Catriona Elisa Magnayon Gray, born 6 January 1994, is a Filipino-Australian model, stage actre"
" : The hottest Gay Filipino  "
"Andre is 1/2 Filipino, 1/4 French and Irish pala. Akala ko Half American ihhh. pala lahi kaya ang gwapo ihhh. #LouDre #Andre #Lou"
"My last sem taking a Filipino course I'm so excited to get this shit over with  way pulos na subject fite me"
"Yesterday's event  Yunho &amp; Seonghwa birthday celeb with Filipino ATINYs  #APiratesWish LOTS OF LOVE "
"Hoyyyy. Buong akala ko Half Filipino, Half American si Andre. Hindi pala., 1/2 Filipino, 1/4 French and Irish p "
"Magma-Mahal na Araw na, mga mamsh. Unawain ang kalibugan bilang isang pangangailangan ng tao. Kelangan din po natin "
"filipino gyud ko kay saba kaayo ko mo tanaw ug salida hahahaha "
" : We NEED good investments from CHINA and other partner nations, given our $11 billion annual infra spending gap. BUT we DO"
"filipino indie films &gt; blockbuster filipino films "
"Under City Ordinance No. 2019-03, public school graduates, including elementary graduates, high schools graduates, "
" : Lonely Planet catches ire of Filipino netizens for video saying Chinese built Banaue Rice Terraces://t.co/AQdytvCUyG"
"Did a short film for my Filipino class today and I can wait to see how it turns out "
" This is so true. I have a rental property and have been receiving calls from agents with Chinese clients. "
"Hi im Filipino also saan ka banda sa canda?im in north calgary  Ay kabog Lloydminster SK po "
"15. the languages i can speak are filipino, english and a bit of korean (because i'm still studying by myself :( bu "
" : how similar are we? __/100 pts loves bts pts chinese/filipino pts likes girls pts leo  pts shitposter"
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 | "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"oh wait, may filipino portion-- that's why"
"DALAGANG FILIPINO YEA "
"binatang filipino yeah! "
"   I love you . We fight with you. The pure-blooded Filipino way!!"
"Tonality, poly-rhythmic approach and dissonance, are the essence of my unique style in composing music. By developi "
" : Thoughts on BA Communication students?  y are fucking stun as a multimedia arts student let work together to save the"
"Kung inaancha mo ang MUSLIM &amp; DIFFERENTLY ABLED Darna, e 'di dapat may problema ka rin kay non-binary Darna, PanDar "
" Officials from PT Mayora Indah Tbk, the maker of instant coffee brand Kopiko, sign a memorandum of "
" : Officials from PT Mayora Indah Tbk, the maker of instant coffee brand Kopiko, sign a memorandum of understanding with F"
"whenever i'm at church my accent and language use changes from english to chinese to malay to filipino to iban or a "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
" : Happy Kkura Day in PH!! you for coming to celebrate with us, Filipino Wizones!! #sakumail#SakuraBloomsInPH#Bloomin"
"Looking for filipino mutuals!!/like if you stan: velvet "
"Just saw a Filipino nurse walking around with a large rice cooker....this guy is ready for 3rd shift."
"  fellow Filipino"
"Our united aim is to give every Filipino a comfortable life and bright future through good governance and effective "
"Our united aim is to give every Filipino a comfortable life and bright future through good governance and effective "
"Thank you for the opportunity to the serve our fellow Filipinos &amp; this great nation! Looking forward to helping the "
"Our united aim is to give every Filipino a comfortable life and bright future through good governance and effective "
"Translated to Filipino  this #Archive30 topics for  #archives  campaign which will begin today!  "
" Cos most Filipino sask guys wear plaid, shirt, sweater lang... I barely see them wear ripped Jeans din... idk.... "
"I Filipino/Spanish"
" WHATS THE MEME EVEYONE AT THIS FILIPINO PAY KEEPS SAYING IT PLEASE ANONG NAMISS KON"
"Authentic Filipino restaurant opens in Winston-Salem - Greensboro News &amp; Record "
" : Just imagine the struggles of the families of unemployed Filipino workers. Pinapatay, minamaltrato at binabastos tayo sa sari"
"FILIPINO TEACHERS LEFT THE GROUP "
" I full Filipino so can I get 5 points from that or?? bc if so 55 "
"Typical Normie filipino lezzzgooo "
" : Ongoing: Press conference by  and other Filipino farmers groups on the rice industry &amp; upcoming actions"
"Watching the latest season of  and  is such a Filipino pride   our country as yo "
"Filipino-American Maureen Montagne snagged the title of first runner up in this year's Miss Eco International, almo "
"Quality Filipino Horror Film? Go watch Eerie! "
"Hijacking even the3 Pjilippine hitory? Dear  , the Banaue Rice Terraces were built by Filipino indigen "
"Whatever lets do this- how similar are we and comment ur score short glasses filipino had tumblr for 7 "
" ANNOUNCEMENT are looking for a new admin! Filipino! Please dm if interested."
"LATE UPLOAD: meeting with new client AmZion International Manpower Agency, Inc. with office address at Quezon City. "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
" None of the above hahaha dito lang ako serve the Filipino people charot hahaha"
"Migrante Alberta, an advocacy organization for Filipino migrant workers, is raising money to build the province f "
"Hi! We are looking for househusbands to be interviewd for our study: A Phenomenological Study on the Lived Experien "
"Every single Filipino citizen is automatically enrolled into the newly-created National Health Insurance Program (N "
"an evil heavy infantile winding translucent Filipino brick circling vernier"
"It sucks when there's a magandang filipino song but it'll turn out as plagiarism yung beat aaaaaa"
"61 Filipino workers died in Hong Kong in 2018 "
"1st place, Science and Technology Writing, Filipino,Secondary Regional Qualifier.S I wasn't able to win at this "
"I am a Filipino - hindi ako amerikano, hindi ko makabisado. hmp"
" Yes...classic filipino style...ulamin ang sopas"
"The Spanish Embassy in Manila, in partnership with the Spanish Agency for International Development Cooperation and "
" I champion the Filipino Worker over the Latino as Filipinos would make better US Citizens. They wo "
" : My Filipino/Miss Universe enthusiast ass is shaking "
"I told my mom that I want to learn to speak &amp; understand Filipino and the whole day she been only talking to me i "
" : Sex discussions still taboo in Filipino homes  Popcom "
"my little filipino heart is so warm and happy with all these tagalog movies popping up on netflix :')"
"Filipino-American Maureen Montagne snagged the title of first runner up in this year's Miss Eco International, almo "
"13. i half white and filipino :)"
"Campaign period officially starts today... because this day symbolizes the Filipino politician. #AprilFoolsDay"
"In the #Philippines, the cost of living is much lower than the developed world. This doesn necessarily mean the s "
"Anyone: Sinigang  Filipino that knows what the internet is: OMG IKAW ANG PILIPINO???? WOW "
"I am falling in love with Filipino stage plays!!!"
"Kastila: Noli Me Tangere: Wag Mo Akong Salingin: Touch Me Not: No Chan Tsing"
"think of all the pranks you could've pulled with a real life invisibility cloak://t.co/P2gRiyidl5"
"#BNGNews for OFWs!  Overseas Workers Welfare Administration (OWWA) has launched its 24/7 hotline call service "
" The Filipino idea of government is all too often intimidation, and outright fear. the entitle "
"i sorry if i ever made you doubt yourself back then but with how i am now, we can both agree that you did a prett "
"filipino time "
"Bryle Matthew Fernandez-Laptop-Ayol-Lets play Uno-Nauutusan ko to nyenye-Powerbank and Chord-Future IT "
" : kingina ang hirap kasi mas funny talaga yung filipino references and jokes, and terms like   can be translate"
"japanese and filipino "
" the owners are the parents of my managers. they're a super sweet filipino couple"
" : Filipino netizens fume over Lonely Planet video featuring Banaue Rice Terraces - Rappler - #Ch"
" : Crush: bakit ka magpapatutor sa Filipino?: nalilito kasi ako sa pronouns.: ???: minsan, akala ko 'ikaw' ay"
"FILIPINO ENTEAINMENT IS JUST NOW DOING CHUBBY BUNNY. THATS HOW TACKY AND LATE THEY ARE HAHAHA"
" : Pop psychology feels true, but truth and fact are not the same. It is a false antidote. #Opinion "
" but your Filipino priests said there was none. so for them, you're lying."
"While Filipino children do not enjoy the right to suffrage, they do have the right to express their opinion and the "
" : Pinoy crowd! . Look at her! she's grooving and had fun with Filipino Blinks. #LISA #ROS "
" I knoooowwww! . Shoutout to my Filipino hubby"
" I saw a tweet earlier, the Filipino side took pains to emphasize that this is an exercise against generic/non-specific threat."
"I was looking up filipino recipe books abd omg I found ine writtwn by a white woman that was born and raised in ida "
" : Remember guys, mining is important and we need this for national industrialization, but it must never be at the expense of"
"Denying Filipino food might just be, if not, IS a cardinal sin. But I told my family that I don want to gain weig "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"$1 to any filipino male dancer i saw at vibe where my hormones didnt act up..."
" : Cesar Chavez hated undocumented immigrants and the United Farm Workers would have ships to patrol the border to stop mig"
" : since late night na,  bakit kaya yung sex terms ng mga Filipino malimit may kinalaman sa pagtatanim? Fil 40 time: Ina"
"listening to filipino mindset right now. calling others sira ulo while supporting sira ulo thoughts"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"Congratulations #TheGeneralsDaughter , Natatanging Filipina Sa Larangan Ng Pag-arte Sa Telebisyon na ig "
" : how similar are we? reply w/ ur score- black hair 50- brown eyes 20- Ariana Grande fan 50- filipino 50- so many fake"
" . got  to cover this news story while posted in #Hongkong, #China .  avoids and omits from d "
"An interesting time to be a Middle Eastern-born Filipino- and US-citizen LGBT person."
" Who taught you Filipino J? "
"Ang hirap managalog! Hindi ako nag-iinarte. Hindi biro ang ilahad ang laman ng isip ko na puro ang salitang Filipin "
"Most Filipino Calgarians boys have that same fashion. "
"I not Filipino but me when I see Johnny "
" : UNPOPULAR OPINION: RELATIVES ARE VERY TOXIC &amp; TWO FACED. U DON'T KNOW IF THEIR TREATMENT TOWARDS UR FAMILY IS"
"Filipino terror fighters in Syria should be given the opportunity to return home but must  the price of their "
" : President Duterte signed a proclamation last year declaring every April 'Buwan ng Kalutong Pilipino' or 'Filipino Food"
" YESSSSS Barong Tagalog and Baro't Saya Love that you are adding Filipino culture into this hehehehehe"
" u hate being a filipino?? then go to the other country and have your citizenship changed"
" : The best Filipino movie of 2019 is now on its 3rd blockbuster week in cinemas worldwide! Make sure to watch #AloneToget"
"bts: speaks tagalog:  U R FILIPINO YES I KNOW!!!!!!!!!!!!"
" : Vice Ganda, u are celebrating ur bday today, Ang vice na walang kasing ganda, who has made so many million of our filip"
" : FEATURED:  voters remain personalistic and will vote for those who have directly helped them or have shown mala"
"Filipino-Spanish magazine launched "
"..how can we support them...they are not standing by the filipino people but instead standing by china????? "
"US Balikatan Exercise Director Chris McPhillips says the purpose of the exercises is to develop cooperation among F "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"He actually was really racist and hated people that were illegal. If you want another perspective on the United Far "
" : hello im doing this too pts - jypnation pts - 01 liner pts - artsy artistic likes art? pts - filipino  pts -"
"A total of 1,981 certificates of land ownership covering 3,722 hectares of #land are set to be released to more far "
"Maria Clara - the religious girl Mary - the sexual deviant girl the article proposes that the Filipino w "
"shedding light to how Filipino women negotiate between sticking to their religious beliefs; and wanting to explore "
"Maria Clara, Manila Girl, and the Other Mary found this article last night aND I SWEAR TO GOD IT'S SUCH A GOOD "
" : toxic Filipino culture: lang yung mga taong magaganda't gwapo sa paningin nila pati mga famous sa social media t"
" Magaling ka naman na akala ko ngayun Filipino ka eh"
"Italian (ya I don get it either) "
"nakakaluha thesis namin sa filipino....  "
"Filipino inventor takes flight in electric passenger drone "
"Walang pumasa samin sa pt sa Filipino HAHAHHAAHHA oks lang"
" to be loved, but doesn know how to trust damn filipino movies are deep"
" kalood sa filipino oy HAHAHAHAHA"
" : i was waiting for jennie's bday ad, filo blinks singing the birthday song for ros, blinks cheering for jisoo, the ocean,"
"JAYSON CAPIPHE AREOLA and Social Sciences  High Honors (2nd in Overall Ranking). Roque Academi "
"Fed up on toxic Filipino cultures."
"I forever a silogan boy, and super happy yung silogan boy heart ko because may filipino resto sa area namin then "
" : yung march 2019 results ba metaphor for filipino time,,, like are we proving a point,,,,am i missing smth here"
"Im really the filipino chick magnet"
"I wish I can speak and understand Filipino languages "
"hi owo similar are we?: filipino: anime/cartoon stan: coffee &gt;&gt;&gt; tea: once (twice stan "
"Filipino netizens fume over Lonely Planet video featuring Banaue Rice Terraces - Rappler - #China #travel"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
" filipino xD hahaha"
" : filipino boys are just... it. whew!! "
"Nah dawg that Filipino dinner plates "
"Unpopular opinion: Filipino edition "
"growing up around filipinos, i learned to switch between standard vancouver english and harsh filipino accented eng "
" : god tier filipino food: kare kare"
" :  find various shapes and sizes of polvoron molders on eBay. ://t.co/kRP1KE83W3"
"  Mahinto lang talaga lahat ng ito pag maideklara na si BBM. The Yellows made Filipino lives mis "
" Probably we have the same level I was studying N4 level of Japanese but something terrible happened and "
"Just imagine the struggles of the families of unemployed Filipino workers. Pinapatay, minamaltrato at binabastos ta "
" : My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 |"
"Filipino and Chinese apologists of onerous China loans talk alike. Both dismiss as  fears of Philippine s "
"this actually happens a lot, this is why i don support filipino rappers  "
"Can you speak filipino??  nope! you wanna teach me? "
"En #FilipinasenelsigloXIX hab muchos habitantes distintos. vemos pescadores con varias artes de pesca, que er "
"*operator*  and what is your wife gender? Dad: Oh she a Filipino... oh fuck my dad she a women but she Filipino   "
"Saw this on facebook! Hello to all of my intl mutuals, I introduce to you the Filipino (Tagalog) Language!  "
"Me: i wonder what Gackt smells like: Taxes and Filipino ocean air : "
" : not ALL filipino with the letter J are heartbreakers, have you seen James Reid?"
"Pura Vida is Just a 2-minute drive from Sky Ranch, Robinsons, Mahogany Market, Casino Filipino. Connected "
"filipino "
" I thought I was the only one"
"Filipino food can not go viral abroad kay ang mga resto  gyud sa presentation.  ra sa Cebu malls,"
"/eating my version of filipino merienda.#BeattheHeatsaTaginit "
"The UPCAT consists of 4 subtests: Language Proficiency in English and Filipino),Reading Comprehension, Science, and "
"#CharacterChaos  Day 1: Intro: I'm Melinda Liwanag Trent, Babaylan (Filipino shaman) in trai "
" : Watercolor painting of two Filipino deities Sidapa (god of death) and Bulan (moon god). "
" Speaking facts "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
" Good. Sa wakas. Sana hindi pakitang-tao lang para humupa ang criticisms sa inyo.  just in cas "
" We need another game changer Duterte is showing his weakness and even if he do comeback by showing hi "
"Binatang filipino yeah!  "
" It an insult to Filipino people to assume they fool enough to think likes of Chel are enemies of state!"
"Officials from PT Mayora Indah Tbk, the maker of instant coffee brand Kopiko, sign a memorandum of understanding wi "
" : DFA calls out to kin of repatriated Filipino suffering from amnesia://t.co/ociLBvjBCG"
" :  Hello Guys, Kindly react to a Filipino girl group 4th Power/4th Impact Raise the roof with Jessie J h"
"Filipino-Spanish magazine launched://t.co/COrrqqbqCu"
"Yet another hiker injured on Hong Kong's slippery slopes. "
"There are a lot of things I hate about being Filipino."
" : Toxic Filipino Culture: may jowa ka, di ka na virgin."
" We used to literally live on a cliff and my mom, grandparents, and nanny told me that if I misbehave, "
"Hikvision U1 DS-2CV2U21FD-IW Review Filipino "
" 80... everything but filipino and a college student"
"oof thought we discovered new filipino talent,,guess not. "
"Officials from PT Mayora Indah Tbk, the maker of instant coffee brand Kopiko, sign a memorandum of understanding wi "
" : We call on the Filipino people to condemn these attacks publicly on social media or offline in the streets. We cannot allow th"
"Dalagang Pilipina yeah pero bagsak sa Filipino yeah"
" :           "
" : Having strong enemies is a blessing."
"so it's nice Filipino films are on Netflix, and 2 of the 2 I watched portrayed ateneans as maputi, uptight and succ "
"# : #HigherEd Update: US Ambassador to the Philippines Sung Kim described the center as the first of its "
"# : True to her roots, she encouraged students of the school to develop a  Style in their creat "
" : LOOKING UP World War II monument located at Capas, Tarlac still stands today as it symbolizes the sacrifices and perse"
" :  sorry cant do that im filipino "
" ASAP, a popular filipino show, is a show that basically is meant for performances by popular and talente "
"ay pare bagsak filipino lang prof ko sure ako dun hahahahhaha"
"Jar Norton No man. This is just too much bro!!!  "
"Portfolio in Literature   in Ecology  in Filipino "
" : That comeback by the South Carolina anchor!  "
" :  EVERY FILIPINO KNOWS THIS: tumingin ka kutos ka#JustForJunhoeDay #SassahJamGA#PrideOfiKON "
" yung Filipino nabago na tapos yung STS wala pa HAHAHAHA"
" Yeah dude! I live in the Philippines! and for those who don't know what tabo is, tab is the traditional "
"Maam nako sa filipino  "
"Congratulations , Natatanging Filipina Sa Larangan ng Pag-arte sa Telebisyon. Maraming Maraming Salamat "
"hahahaha tangina filipino time usapan 12nn pota 1pm na wala pa din ung ka meet up ko "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"  i mean they could've just sung a filipino song instead of ruining txt's crown"
" Filipino liner chocolates"
"filipino time kami zerr"
" Yikes Filipino moms strike again"
"  Since I Filipino, I been eating a lot of steamed rice "
"You know you Filipino when you hear  and immediately turn around to see if someone is calling you...no m "
"Chinese (PRC, Hong Kong)  (from NYC) "
"Tanginang Filipino Time yan"
"Have y'all ever had dreams where some crazy shit would happen at school or somewhere, then you were the hero and had to save everyone?"
" grabi kaayo baips... filipino 100"
"hi mga incoming freshman!! uwu sumali na agad kayo ng mass organizations (anakbayan, league of filipino students, g "
"filipino boys are just... it. whew!! "
"Filipino attitudes toward money that need to be changed "
" Gabunada is the  of Fake News!!!  every Filipino spit and curse him everytime his name is mentioned!!!"
" :   Hi! Im royal pepsi, a filipino artist  I like to draw random things that i like  "
" : [SPECIAL VIDEO] SEVENTEEN() - Home (Filipino Ver.) #SEVENTEEN ##YOU_MADE_MY_DAWN #YMMD#"
" :  I'm sorry. Don't mean to be rude but... in the world are you speaking in Filipino? "
" : Presidential Spokesman Salvador Panelo says Chinese Ambassador Zhao Jianhua to visit him later today. He says he might r"
" : HOLY  filipino cuisine is so succulent "
" : Filipino Captain medevaced after heart attack VIDEO | MARITIME BULLETIN "
" : Nobody: filipino girls when they heard dalaga playing: "
" : #FIRST FILIPINO MADE IT IN A WAX FIGURE "
"#FIRST FILIPINO MADE IT IN A WAX FIGURE "
" the past half-century, no Filipino president has been able to ensure his or her anointed successor ta "
"dalaga't binatang filipino yeh HAHAHAHAHAHAHHQHQ   "
"Getting away with the murder of Filipino drug dealers "
"Lonely Planet slammed for saying Chinese built Banaue Rice Terraces "
"#Beautiful_goodbye with Filipino sub  "
"        "
" OH MY GOSH that filipino fashion choice!!! "
" :  He certainly is the president of the Philippines. So tell him to uphold his duties and responsibilities to th"
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 | "
"TYPHOON NEWS: Church charity steps in to aid disaster-hit Filipino farmers - ucanews "
" you're Chinese, right?  I'm malay. you don't look like malay, my nenek family got chi "
"Sephy Francisco: Filipino SHOCKS The Entire Stage With The Prayer | Th... "
"pinakamababa ko so far is filipino and cwts  wuz good!?"
"Nakakaloka, ang racist nung iba!!! Di na lang na-appreciate yung pagpi-Filipino nung host. Good job Sean! Thank you!  #PaydroLive"
"when you go to filipino parties there always that one dad that wants you to date their son"
"Baligtad nga. Ang China ang pinoprotektahan. "
"*Amanda Cheam after I said I was filipino but no one can ever tell* I thought you were Mexican the whoolllleee time!!!!!"
"Nakakaurat naman yung mali mali grammar ko kahit Filipino na hahhahahhaa"
"We NEED good investments from CHINA and other partner nations, given our $11 billion annual infra spending gap. BUT "
"i want a filipino person sucks."
"I've also never thought about how it looks stanning jpn/kor/tha athletes bc they're asian until doing it in front o "
" sorry cant do that im filipino "
"Citizen Services is the Filipino access to diverse information on civil registration, passport application, and o "
"The hottest Gay Filipino  "
"GIANT TUNA TAIL &amp; Filipino Food Tour in Davao Philippines, DURIAN CAPITAL "
"Haluh gamit na gamit netflix ko sa filipino movies hahahaha"
"kay Fumiyapqla talaga to yng isa pa nyang vlog  WHAT IS YOUR FAVOE FILIPINO FOOD?? "
"Bakit kayo nagfifill up ng form sa mismong counter, edi mas tumagal pila. Kanina pa kayo nakapila, bat di niyo yan "
" theyre filipino singers im just joking kdjsjjsjsjs"
"Let's continue celebrating Filipino pride!  News Pilipinas! TV Week in Review episode 12 featuring: BOYS "
"All Filipino aunties sound the same honestly"
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant:|              ||              ||               |                 | "
"HALA GG SA FACULTY EVAL KALA KO SCI YUNG GRINEGRADAN KO FILIPINO PALA DFDDJWVJEVD"
"Yow grabe ang lalalim ng words kanina sa TE ng filipino la ako maintindihan;("
"#DarrenCriss is in #Manila, per this post by , who designed Darren's wedding barongs (#Filipino shi "
"filipino "
"Nobody: filipino girls when they heard dalaga playing: "
"Filipino new gen. "
"At #naiaterminal3 picking-up my brother. Goodluck sa shift mamaya  #happymonday #manicmonday #tannedboy #asian "
" : *Rekap dimirip-miripin sama bangsa lain selama tinggal di Filipin*: , Malaysia, Arab, India (iyak, pernah"
"Kahit kelan talaga, ayaw sa akin ng Filipino "
" : Yezzir, mga kaibigan! Remember Vlogmeyts, Klasmeyts, Travelmeyts and his short films? Talaga namang boomy! Here to tal"
"Filipino Captain medevaced after heart attack VIDEO | MARITIME BULLETIN "
" : Petition for a Filipino spin-off of Fresh off the Boat. The family should be called the Buangs. "
"FleetMon Maritime News #fleetmon #maritimenews  "
"Filipino-American Maureen Montagne snagged the title of first runner up in this year's Miss Eco International, almo "
"Sorry not sorry bout my aunts laughing in the background this is a filipino household lmao"
" Filipino here hope that would be me AHAHAHAHA(but that's impossible)"
" are you filipino?"
"There something fucked up with my life that I low key ~in love~ with a Filipino man, and I listening to Filip "
"*Rekap dimirip-miripin sama bangsa lain selama tinggal di Filipin*: , Malaysia, Arab, India (iyak "
"y it hard to translate my normal filipino slang to english when i talking to my other friends"
"Filipino Captain medevaced after heart attack "
"The University of Missouri Health Care conducted in April 2018 found that 25 per cent of Filipino children and teen "
"Filipino rap just went up another notch."
"What's your nationality?  Filipino  "
"filipino foriegn worker love botanical garden in singapore... "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
" :  your major so you Filipino "
" : Thank you  "
" : June is Filipino Heritage Month in Toronto.  Also coming in June, Tita Collective: 'We're like the spice girls of theatre,'"
" edi ikaw na filipino major hahahahahahaa "
" [filipino voice] BUT I LAB IT!!"
" I'm not Filipino then hahaha"
"An outstanding , reliable, and affordable visa assistance and services agency which aims to make every Filipino tak "
"There is no saint who is in hell.  Filipino proverb [29763]"
"The Filipino Americans welcome the resolution by Rep. Jackie Speier (D-San Mateo/ San Francisco) calling for the im "
" : #EERIE hindi mo koh pinatulog ka gabie, yon effect niya sa akin- d favorite Filipino horror film of all time.- Thank you "
"That shit a nightmare for some filipino kids growing up "
"    Thanks so much for the raid! So cool seeing another Filipino into Monster Hunter! "
"#ThrowbackJune2013 ni Senador Jinggoy Estrada ang mga kontribusyon ng Filipino-Chinese Community sa posit "
" Ong-min! Please do follow  official fansite Let all support Ong Seongwu! #ongseongwu "
"Reposted from   -  Congratulations #TheGeneralsDaughter , Natatanging Filipina Sa Laranga "
"By the way: Warrior Tim has not found really any major issues coming out of the Filipino Veteran Community like the "
"  are very excited to see you here in the Philippines. We really really love you so much. Hope you are "
" : At what point does the Filipino  government accept press freedom and let  and  do its job? Her ar"
"JOBS IN UAE***************** Sales &amp; Customer Service Executive - Hertz Consultants Dubai - Dubai "
" new catra is asian n new glimmer is filipino. PERIOD!"
"JOBS IN UAE***************** Center Manager - On The Wood Restaurant - Sharjah://t.co/2pCSK9F9tn ***** "
" : Binatang Filipino haha #ComicALDEN"
" : hello!! my name is Ayn and i a filipino androgyne!!! please use they/them when referring to me! #TransDayOfVisbility #T"
"Ya aint filipino if you don wear jersey shorts and sando "
"Here is a link for the Filipino Veterans just in case you didn't know about! ://t.co/g7womC7dLk "
" : The LAYF cycle continues again this time around. They truly destined to be friends dahil they can connect with one"
"  UM YES AS A FILIPINO I FEEL ESPECIALLY PREPARED FOR THIS JAM "
"so far sa mga filipino horror movies, sa EERIE ata ako pinakakinabahan at pigil gulat. Hahaha"
"Just in case you haven't heard! Filipino senior war veterans' pension raised to P20,000 "
"Having made waves at #ArtCentral, meet visual #artist Norman Dreo #Art "
"the filipino part of the upcat is the reason why i didn't pass wtf what even am i"
" is it really a filipino party if packing leftovers takes longer than most people to even arrive at the party?? "
" : #Medamiedo "
" : the mystery of filipino parties: you leave the party and come home to a fridge filled with enough food to host your own party"
" : Toxic Filipino Culture?  nasa taas ka na may mga taong pilit na ibababa ka or sisiraan ka or ibabash ka because of t"
"HOLY  filipino cuisine is so succulent "
"Dang, these Filipino movies giving me the feels.  can relate but just too sad mannnn"
"Binatang Filipino haha #ComicALDEN"
" They only see filipino citizen."
"Congratulations#TheGeneralsDaughter  Natatanging Filipina Sa Larangan Ng Pag-arte Sa Telebisyon na igi "
"if you Filipino , you will (i cant stress this enough) LOOVEE JO KOY  "
"FILIPINO FRIENDS. Who is this IVAN DORSCHNER? I AM IN LOVE.    "
"#DZRHat80 Panelo on  taking down pro-Duterte accounts: Majority of them [those who voted for Duterte] are "
" gago ka po talaga sen..at the expense of filipino people (kids)"
" : Panelo says Duterte's presidential win was just right: The Filipino people needed someone like him "
" omg filipino din ako haha"
"Panelo says Duterte's presidential win was just right: The Filipino people needed someone like him "
" : Exhibit C. luma na ito. may kataga sa Filipino na 'mas mahirap pa sa daga' kase kahit papano ang daga marunon"
"THE biggest war games involving Filipino and American troops will begin today and will see the involvement for the "
" : pls send filipino memes"
"My girlfriend just made fun of my car. Anyone else tryna get their heart broken by a filipino boy?"
"Filipino siblings invent lamp that runs on just water and salt it can last for 8 hours straight! - Good Times "
"MORE STUPID SHIT FROM IDIOTS "
"FILIPINO PRIDE ADVOCATES SERIES Bergania of Culture Group is a skilled writer who has published her works on "
" : Filipino party starter pack  "
"Kinakabahan ako sa grade ko sa Filipino!"
" : I taught all my niggas how to fish. Some caught more than others  said they rather be fed past me up in the pro"
"We the sovereign filipino people, imploring the aid of the almighty god, in order to build a just and humane societ "
"payag ka pati numbers filipino din? gegege "
"MANILA, Philippines  Thousands of Filipino and American soldiers stand together once again. Monday, April 1, th "
" : Toxic Filipino mindset "
"Kristian Kabuay - Room 202 My work explores pre- to post- Filipino culture in the diaspora. Using Baybayin, th "
"all i saying is trump would be so much cuter if he was filipino"
"FILIPINO Homes is always ready to Help you find your DREAM HOME that suits your needs and lifestyle! &lt;3 site t "
"OMAYGAD. ANO BA, TAU BA DAYUHAN SA SARILI NATING BANSA GANON?  "
" A magical scoop gifted to us by the Filipino gods~"
" : Heyo #ArtistsofSEA ! 'm a Filipino-Canadian designer who uses art to connect to my culture. Here's a little peek of my thesi"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"MANILA, Philippines  Travel guide Lonely Planet is in hot water for publishing a video that claimed the famed Bana "
" Syempre tuwang tuwa fakevp para tuloy tuloy kasinungalingan nila sa pagbato ng kung anu anong imben "
"Calling all Filipino Hip Hop and R&amp;B artists and producers. Want to hear your music on Heavy Rotation? Submit your "
" Unexpected Twist.. nakakatakot palang maging antagonist character c maam charo santos.. Scariest Filipi "
" :  Panelo says Filipino fishermen should go about their usual activities in West PHL Sea, but if it endanger"
" Panelo says Filipino fishermen should go about their usual activities in West PHL Sea, but if it enda "
"Panelo on Bureau of Fisheries and Aquatic Resources statement that fishermen should avoid Panatag for the meantime: "
" Thank you! They're based off filipino clothing ;P"
" : It achieves a nightmarish, unsettling effect that most Filipino horror films is lacking in. #Eerie  "
" :  Chinese Ambassador to the PHL Zhao to pay a courtesy call on Panelo. says he would raise the reported"
"Filipino netizens fume over Lonely Planet video featuring Banaue Rice Terraces"
"Lonely Planet catches ire of Filipino netizens for video saying Chinese built Banaue Rice Terraces"
"LOOKING UP World War II monument located at Capas, Tarlac still stands today as it symbolizes the sacrifices a "
" : The fight is never about grapes or lettuce. It is always about people- Cesar Chavez.  to #CesarChavezDay: https:/"
"Inigo Pascual (A Filipino Actor) together with WENGIE (A YouTuber with 13M+ subscribers) has been working with a BT "
" : I really like the idea na horror siya but also waking up call sa audience na depression isn just something na we should ig"
"LOOKING UP World War II monument located at Capas, Tarlac still stands today as it symbolizes the sacrifices a "
"Panelo says Filipino fishermen should go about their usual activities in West PHL Sea, but if it endangers their sa "
"Ang sarap ikorek HAHAHAHA sana kasi maayos na itinutur ang ortograpiyang Filipino sa elementarya at nagfofok "
"filipino memes are what keep me in touch with my culture"
"nothin in dis world lyk a filipino gurl"
"you know sir i didn't passed the upcat but i will never give up and magiging iskolar din ako ng bayan because i w "
" Panelo to ask BFAR why it is telling Filipino fishermen to stay away from Pagasa Island. | "
" Happy Birthday To You Our Beautiful Talented Filipino Actress Janella Salvador! Stay Positive, Never "
"pls send filipino memes"
"Panelo to ask BFAR why it is telling Filipino fishermen to stay away from Pagasa Island. "
" will be showcasing Filipino Mixed Martial Arts talent to the world. - URCC Global president and founder Alvin "
" Chinese Ambassador to the PHL Zhao to pay a courtesy call on Panelo. says he would raise the "
"Congratulations, Queen ! For winning the Natatanging Filipina Sa Larangan ng Pag-arte Sa Telebisyon na "
" filipino ganggggggg"
"yall i love being filipino.....i love being asian...what a time to be fucking alive"
"Panelo says he might raise reported harassment of Filipino fishermen during his meeting with Ambassador Zhao "
"tangina daming toxic sa replies, not a fan pero walang mali like syempre maraming filipino ang sumusuporta sa mmlnd "
"(Filipino Reaction) Home Free Cover of Ed Sheeran - Castle on the Hill "
" Panelo says Chinese ambassador Zhao to pay him a courtesy call today. Reported harassment of Filipino "
"As if China will go to war. She doesn have Force for it.  China will do is same as it is already doing now: "
"Presidential Spokesman Salvador Panelo says Chinese Ambassador Zhao Jianhua to visit him later today. He says he mi "
" DID U JUST TWEET IN FILIPINO "
"Last March 29, KClub held its first event this year called Korean Dish Contest to promote cultural immersion in ord "
"Panelo says Chinese ambassador Zhao to pay him a courtesy call today. Reported harassment of Filipino fishermen by "
"Presidential Spokesman Salvador Panelo says Chinese Ambassador Zhao Jianhua to visit him later today. He says he mi "
"a delicious creamy carbo loaded midterm exam. . Filipino Paella. Potato Tartefillet is worth the time to "
"#Medamiedo "
"My steady, wholesome weekend agenda. It used to be a whole different world.  ..#IGMNL #KTGVR #QC #QuezonCity "
"Developer,Creator,Editor #Roblox     #DungeonQuest    #Vcaffy#Filipino    #English     #Taglish"
"Filipino moms be like: ! Alika nga dito! Tignan mo nga yang kalat mo! Linisan mo yan! nginangawa ni mama "
"PH Embassy in Yangon Conducts 2019 Post-Arrival Orientation for OFWs: "
" : joining the bandwagon- softie- filipino-chinese- speaks more than 3 languages- dumb as fuck - loves"
"LOOK! Filipino foods are becoming one of the hottest trends in 2019. via  "
"FILIPINO ACCOUNTANT REQUIRED WITH MINMUM ONE YEAR EXPERIENCE (Dubai) ://t.co/uypl5pM911"
" Kinsa gale atong filipino teacher sa 3rd year?"
"MEET Twila Bergania, Blogger. Digital Extrovert. Fangirl. Culture Group | Good News Pilipinas! TV Filipino Pride Ad "
" filipino ka pala bwiset english english pa tayo  HAHAHAHAHABA"
"Tangina, ang petty nito, pero ayaw ko nag-a- ng tweet/ komiks na mali-mali spelling sa Filipino........"
" I'm sorry. Don't mean to be rude but... in the world are you speaking in Filipino? "
"I do hope that Filipino parents would know how bad it is for us that they all have this urge to dominate their chil "
"Did you guys know that I not actually a Filipino?? I just happen to know their language pretty well. ;) like putangina and stuff. Ahhaahha"
" Wooooow handsome and bootyful!!! (Are you filipino by chance? Lol)"
" : I understand the ongoing debate. That said, I WILL fucking call you morons out if you mock someone else's mental health. Ac"
" : WINNER in a Filipino supermarket # # # #WINNER #MINO "
"A new advertisement (Caregiver/Nanny) has been published on Find a Nanny. Sir/Ma'am;'m Ms. Karen, 29, femal "
"i also remember my first yoonseok live was when they ate special filipino cuisine  their hotel bcos that was last "
" it sounds like tagalog at some parts but its entirely korean i hate being filipino everything we do is "
"033119   LOBO Filipino Tavern "
"Filipino time nanaman nakooo bwiset"
"Boco: hulog ada ak ini ha filipino: parehas la kitan score: nacrush ka ano haakon....... WAHTDAHECC"
" : filipino children could never "
" : Such an honor for yueboi and I to meet Grand Master Jonathan Abaya, the founder and creator of Jendo Filipino martial ar"
"going to my filipino family parties are the best thing ever cuz all they do is hype me up by telling me i tall, p "
" : I miss my roommates. Taco Tuesdays, watching horror / Filipino movies on Friday nights, and weekly pregaming before going to"
"[SPECIAL VIDEO] SEVENTEEN() - Home (Filipino Ver.) #SEVENTEEN # "
" : In honor of #CesarChavezDay  pays tribute him &amp; Dolores Huerta w/ artwork by 9  design students. See more: http"
" : 3 ang start ng practice? Edi 4 ako pupunta, filipino time mga mamser"
" : The fight is never about grapes or lettuce. It is always about people.- Cesar Chavez, Our Tribute to #CesarChavezDay: https:"
"English to Philosophy"
"I just had someone who I rarely talk to anymore send me a meme out of nowhere. My initial response when I saw his n "
"One of the founding members of the Filipino band True Faith, Ferdie Marquez, has passed away. This was  announced b "
" : The fight is never about grapes or lettuce. It is always about people.- Cesar Chavez, Our Tribute to #CesarChavezDay:"
"filipino time"
"oh wow one year ago i've also went to another comicon again in SMXCC. it's the worst convention according to filipi "
"THERES SO MANY FILIPINO BUCKYSTEVE FAN ACCS HI FELLO FILIPINOS!!"
" : The fight is never about grapes or lettuce. It is always about people.- #CesarChavez Tribute to #CesarChavezDay: ht"
" : The fight is never about grapes or lettuce. It is always about people.- Cesar Chavez, Our Tribute to #CesarChavezDay:"
" THE CLEAR FILIPINO ACCENTED KOREAN"
" : Heya, my name's Jackie! I'm a non-binary Filipino/Canadian illustrator with a passion for horror. : "
"#HigherEd Update: US Ambassador to the Philippines Sung Kim described the center as the first of its kind in the P "
" : Gg Filipino exam "
"BUTTERSCOTCH BARS Homemade Recipe - a Filipino Version of Homemade BUTTERSCOTCH BARS Perfectly Moist, Fudgy and Che "
" : :.: `.  Park Junghyun aka Xiyeon! park junghyun rp acc 20001114 vlogger!au affiliated with "
"I miss my roommates. Taco Tuesdays, watching horror / Filipino movies on Friday nights, and weekly pregaming before "
" Of course i do! I am a filipino :)"
"#HigherEd Update: US Ambassador to the Philippines Sung Kim described the center as the first of its kind in the P "
"Filipino UTAU's unite!"
"Sa filipino store:: ay akin na lang po yung ketchup and mang thomas sa bag ko na lang po ilalagay girl na "
"Happy Birthday, Roan and Fjorde!  love you both   LOBO Filipino Tavern "
"Sharpen Problem-solving skills of Filipino Kids: Franchise the SMET Robotics Program now "
"Best Filipino horror film? Eerie? NO. I cant even classified it as a horror movie. i believe it talks about De "
"  Lahat dinaan niya sa excuse na athlete sya char ahahahha. Kaya nga nag major in Filipi "
"I think our Filipino neighbor is cooking malagkit na may gata. I can smell it from my backdoor.#BarbiePHinspiringWoMAiNE"
"Can you belive that this guy is a Filipino?? Heol "
"adult yube woman enjoy anal sex what's your sex style quiz bihari girl with fuck "
" : this is what happens when you take off a filipino's snapback "
"Dalawang unibersidad sa Taiwan, naglaan ng scholarship sa mga estudyanteng Filipino "
" : Kim Chiu  Chiu runs 3km just to make it to an event after getting stuck in traffic - The Filipino Times http"
"Me imagining Audit Reports in Filipino.  "
"Your visit in this mega city isn complete without passing by this recognisable brand in almost every subway and t "
"Si aaron man diay ni akong kasabot oy. Di man diay ni pinoy so d gyud ni sya ga filipino time HAHAHAHAHA"
"If I was Filipino  "
"Lonely Planet catches ire of Filipino netizens for video saying Chinese built Banaue Rice Terraces://t.co/AQdytvCUyG"
" you know every Filipino girl in Toronto"
"Most of the times: Chinese, Japanese: Turkish, Filipino France: Spanish "
"translates into filipino: My heart is DRY "
"#OPMHighlights MONTERDE 2 hour of PURE OPM Guestings, Live Performances! Filipino talent th "
" I would be mad too if my daughter had a tattoo that isn traditional Filipino"
" : Dulu, setiap landing di Singapore gw malu ngaku org Indonesia. dikomplain bkn cumasupir taxi soal Asap. ngakunya filipino"
"Congratulations  for being selected as a Youth Ambassador for the upcoming Filipino Youth Summit 2019 by "
" : (They/Them) Hello girls, gays, and theys I Salem. I 23 years old and half Filipino, I officially identified as non-bi"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"Can everyone just please stop this dalagang pilipina shit? Your idiotic behavior certainly DO NOT represent Filipino women."
"HEALTH BEAT:(DEVELOPING)The Commission on Population reported Filipino parents still refuse to discuss and teach th "
"    I really love it when you tweet in Filipino. Sobrang nakaka proud. "
"Exhibit E. pangalan ng mga Filipino Rappers Mrancis Vichael Endrew Gloc Gloc Gl "
"  I think that filipino, cause if read in Spanish it mean how are you since those languages are similar in a way"
"I hate being filipino "
"Oh wore another similar (and a bit more hubad) top in Taiwan and this group of Filipino tourists pointed at me and "
"Gg Filipino exam "
" filipino :)"
"  ahhh I see :,)  thank you! Ooo filipino sounds beautiful wow oh my "
" Your vocab got Tipper!!!"
" : Thank you for coming out and helping us celebrate 'Filipino &amp; Asian Cultures' Day! "
"  hey that's a filipino language"
"Petition for a Filipino spin-off of Fresh off the Boat. The family should be called the Buangs. "
"Hatest Filipino Attitude: Pagwalang Pera Kaaway lahat ng Kasama Sa Bahay....  "
"Dalagang bogo here...... hagbong sa filipino, hindi natuto sa sariling wika hays"
"i have filipino family members i finally finding out about my life"
"andrew cunananananan was half filipino and idk why but that makes me.  uncomf"
"Congrats Honor in Quran in Filipino"
"Looking for  ap and filipino book"
" : filipino spaghetti &gt;"
" hearing you say philippines and filipino my life is now complete"
" : 'MERRY-GO-ROUND in the Philippines 1st' from Naver V will start recruiting today until april 30th, 2pm KST/1:00pm PST- 1"
"  People unaware how Chinese trawling fleets gang up on local fishermen, destroying nets + "
"Just because i look asian..... hindi ko naman tinatalikuran ung filipino background ko but i was raised with both c "
"FEATURED:  voters remain personalistic and will vote for those who have directly helped them or have sho "
" : 38.41 LSU.45 Houston://t.co/wVv1dS7z01"
"Hala biglang nagkaroon NG Filipino lesson HAHAHAHAHA"
"When it comes to celebrities, even just the tiniest tinge of Filipino blood makes us . But when it comes to "
"i want to get back to reading and i want to start with short stories written by filipino authors. i even want to re "
" :   Port Blair  evacuated and airlifted A 40-year Filipino, who fell ill while travelling in a merchant vesse"
"   Fellow Filipino here... I hope to see you soon in the Philippines.... ROI!"
" : the cultural impact of this theme song !!! thank u "
"God Tier Filipino food: Laing with Bagnet from Bicol "
" :  Hi Can you please try reacting to a Filipino girl group 4th Power/4th Impact Raise the roof with Jessie J hit Au"
"AMAZING BAMBOO CAFE IN THE PHILIPPINES (Filipino Inspiration and Strawbe... "
"good morning, di ako nakapasa UPCAT Hahahahaha pero try ko pa rin magparecon. Wish me all the best   Filipino/ "
"FEATURED:  voters remain personalistic and will vote for those who have directly helped them or have sho "
"being mixed filo and black in other ppls eyes like : 60%: 40%: 100% MOST DEFINITELY"
" : I wanna be a tutubi. Nawalang tinatagong bato. Sa aking kamay. Na nahulog sa lupa. Tinuka ng manok. Na nanggaling pa sa"
" white people be like: m "
"IF YOU CANNOT DO YOUR JOB FOR THIS OBVIOUS DISENFRANCHISEMENT, HOW WOULD YOU SERVE THE FILIPINO PEOPLE IN THE SUPRE "
"*when composing a filipino tweet*'Naaaliw''Naa-aliw''Na-aaliw' pota. Di ako sure. 'Masaya' na nga lang."
"We compiled the most compelling experience-based insights from She Talks Asia 2019 Summit, shared by the greatest F "
"Hindi ko na ata kakayanin ito. Sa english palang dinudugo na ako. Filipino pa kaya. Haha. Di joke huhu "
" : #TheAcesAraneta is not just a great concert, it's a great experience! They took it to the next level after Cebu/Davao shows"
"HELLO FILIPINO FANS OF ! many of y'all know,  and I will be heading to KL this Thursd "
"True to her roots, she encouraged students of the school to develop a  Style in their creations. "
" : True to her roots, she encouraged students of the school to develop a  Style in their creations. more: https:"
"Filipino nalang gyud"
"Filipino netizens fume over Lonely Planet video featuring Banaue Rice Terraces "
"True to her roots, she encouraged students of the school to develop a  Style in their creations. "
" ...but Filipino version. White. "
"What about filipino faaaans "
"kapagod mag-english filipino break muna"
" : Here is a report to the public of the DILG's notable accomplishments in 2018 as we continue to brave more challenges t"
"Rizal or Filipino? "
"  Hi! Im royal pepsi, a filipino artist  I like to draw random things that i like  "
" me,  and  had that on tuesday but not as extravagant. maybe like 75% as extr "
"  Hahahahaha pero init man ghapon sure ko mga 4 sa hapon or 5 naka mogawas sa inyoha hahaha Filipino time"
"Gonna start labelling the voice in my head that discourages me from putting myself out there my Filipino voice.  ass fucker."
"Are you even a true Filipino if you don have a two part first name and at least one of these names is a combination of your parents names"
"Filipino Food in Singapore! Spicy Bellychon and Grilled Pork Belly "
" : When Wikipedia describes Bong Revilla as a Filipino actor, TV presenter, politician, THIEF, and Philippine Senator..."
"Gallery walk na lang kumpleto na clearance namin sa filipino"
" : We are the leading science high school in the asia pacific region, preparing our scholars to become globally competitive f"
"Filipino Quiz Challenge 2 "
"NEWS | The Philippine government accused Rappler  partially funded by U.S.-based company, Omidyar Network  of vio "
" Some filipino kpop stans back at it again. Stay pressed :) atleast binibigyan kami ng pansin ng momoland at mld dito "
"I've got a wide diversity! I'm Korean, Japanese, Chinese, and Filipino! kumusta! !  "
"ge ra dawg kpop kpop kpop pero mao diay tung sig cutting sa Filipino haha"
"Ongoing: Press conference by  and other Filipino farmers groups on the rice industry &amp; upcoming acti "
"bisaya translate:                               english translate:;pakyo, ka! "
". Filipino American culture seems weird "
"This news and Filipino people comments  Puro talak but no one wants to obey. "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
" Can wait"
"I need more cute filipino mutuals my tl is not relatable at all lahat mga foreigner hindi ko gets ang kultura nila"
" : toxic filipino family culture?  ginawa mo na lahat para maging proud sila pero kinocompare ka pa din sa iba "
" : Filipino artists trying to be relevant n trending. i can't asfgllzusvanha "
" lmao why are people pressed about this? there are so many filipino merries and there no doubt they have "
"Labs hilabti lang tanan ayaw lang akong grado sa filipino"
" : Been thinking about a Filipino translation for vulnerability, as in vulnerable lives. Mapanganib na pamumuhay? Buhay na"
"   Yes.. only for Filipino Aroha"
"Kriesha Chu a filipino trainee sa YG"
"someone pls take the karaoke machine away from the filipino party next door, im tryna study wldksodkkw"
"The #fair and #tanned #besties #bonding  #latepost #gaymenwithtattoos #menwithtattoos #asian #filipino "
"Here is a report to the public of the DILG's notable accomplishments in 2018 as we continue to brave more challenge "
"  Hi! Im royal pepsi, a filipino artist  I like to draw random things that i like and im "
"Filipino aunties can be so cute cause they short and old LOL"
"Dahil sobrang traffic nag lakad nalang at kumain ng Streetfoods  Imperial DZ SVG and Sachzna Laparan;Li "
"filipino spaghetti &gt;"
" : MMDA ALE: Self accident at Ortigas Ave Club Filipino Ave WB involving bus  as of 10:51 AM. 1 lane occupied. MMDA on site. #mmda"
"damn i hate filipino time can yall be a lil punctuation???? "
" siya kapag gwapo ang nagpa LOL "
" Honesty to him only, not to the Filipino people. That what he meant. "
"Not passing my dream university will never be a hindrance for me to reach my goals and to serve the nation in times "
"Tatay Digong is NOT. A. DICTATOR! Gusto lang naman niya ay ang what best para sa mga Filipino, and what best is "
"#fruity #creamy and #savory #crepes for #merienda yesterday! #bestiedate #latepost #asian #filipino #foodie "
" My kid tells me he loves me in three languages all the time. English, Spanish and in Filipino."
"Filipino boys will absolutely destroy your heart and ruin your lipe  "
" Teach him how to say  I Love You in Spanish and in Filipino. Spanish: Te Amo and Filipino Mahal Kita"
"MMDA ALE: Self accident at Ortigas Ave Club Filipino Ave WB involving bus  as of 10:51 AM. 1 lane occupied. MMDA on site. #mmda"
"Its because of sa akong grade na 2.75 sa FILIPINO 2 mygaaad ikaw ma ha dili najud mahangyo uy floorwax? Hahaha b "
"Jorgette Ann Dayrit  mag-ayos sa sarili and maganda. Sobrang strong ng personality. Magaling sa "
" edit! One awesome female Filipino.  chick. "
" : Balikatan 2019, one of the biggest in the project's history, gets underway with 4,000 Filipino, 3,500 American, and 50 A"
" Hoy wag  gamay biya kaayo kog grado sa filipino "
"arg mahihirapan ako sa Filipino potangena"
" girl Filipino moms are WILD she gonna disown me and send me to the Philippines "
"I was in the shadow of Chavez was a lettuce broker in the Santa Maria Valley worked for Jack Pandol, a top "
"  I kinda figured it out  Filipino time gyud KAAYO! HAHAHAHHAA"
"Balikatan 2019, one of the biggest in the project's history, gets underway with 4,000 Filipino, 3,500 American, and "
"At least 7,550 Filipino, American and Australian troops will be participating in this year  exercises "
"At least 7,550 Filipino, American and Australian troops will be participating in this year  exercises "
"Filipino meme of bird box circulating on facebook is sooooo funny "
" :   Filipino keyaki"
" President and his minions, by letting China have its way in the West Philippine Sea, are actually violating PD "
"Not a good look, especially because Filipinos take a lot of pride in the landmark which many call the Eighth Wonde "
"Haha! Diko Alam kung mas madadalian or mas mahihirapan mga examinees. We can't even speak STRAIGHT FILIPINO, aminin "
"always the filipino time gurl"
"aint no nothin in this world. like  a filipino girl......"
" : lisa  my filipino blinks excited? and jisoo  ko kayo!! it was only a few minutes into the show and i was a"
"i cried happily inside when the ncca's executive director thanked the farmers through the opening prayer for the ce "
"her: all gates have filipino houses: "
" in at The Henry Hotel Manila using your PNB Credit Card with your loved ones  to relax in spacious vintage- "
"isa na lang papapirmahan koooo arrgghh. yung filipino "
" President Duterte signed a proclamation last year declaring every April 'Buwan ng Kalutong Pilipino "
"why is it that when filipino parents are about to leave someone house they migrate their conversations to the fro "
"This toxic Filipino culture is a fucking mess. now, Satan. Not now."
"Happy #TransDayOfVisibility !! My name is Dant and I'm a mixed Filipino artist who loves makeup and drawing. I sta "
" : #TheFilipinoVotes: Should they clinch a seat in the May polls, what exactly would these Senate hopefuls do? "
" : Nipsey you a legend. I respect and admire your career path and what you did for the neighborhood. My heart broke today when I"
" : KD, Draymond and the Warriors pay respect to Nipsey  (via ) "
"Filipino, American and Australian troops will be participating this year's Balikatan exercises w/c will formally "
"HFKSJFKWFKW PINAPABASA KAMI NG HRA SA FILIPINO AND NAGEEIGHT BALL LANG SI NATHAN SO SINABIHAN KO SIYA NG MALAKAS N "
"The most BEAUTIFUL Filipino Celebrity for me "
"Filipino time will tire you"
" : IN MEMORIAM San Pedro, National Artist for Music San Pedro is a master composer, conductor, and teacher whos"
"FILIPINO ARMYSSS OUT THEREE!!#BTSPEDIA "
" LMAO you Filipino what did she expect"
"TOXIC FILIPINO CULTURE AT ITS FINEST"
"When carbs is everywhere  LOL How to get slimmer with all this Filipino food  "
"   Congrats Ms A sa Gawad Filipino Award "
"DFA calls out to kin of repatriated Filipino suffering from amnesia "
" It is not part of Filipino Family culture to talk about SEX. It is a private matter that is only fo "
"guys . . im talking abt a filipino movie just in case yall think im talking abt something el se kdjfjdjdkdkdk ive n "
"Someone's been using my Netflix profile. Had the audacity to watch 2 seasons of Brooklyn99 and other Filipino movies. Galeng."
" : #ICYMI: Alberta is home to the second-largest Filipino population in the country, and advocates say it about time the"
"UNO DE LOS MUCHOS #PED, HOMBRE BLANCO AUSTRALIANO QUE VIAJAN POR EL EXTRANJERO PARA ABUSAR A NI. los... "
"Congratulations to the CKS College Track and Field Team for its exemplary performance during the Filipino-Chinese A "
" BALIGTAD PAGGAMIT MO NG NG AT NANG NAKO, *Filipino teachers intensifies*"
" No one's forcing you to join this. Stay pressed toxic filipino kpop stans"
"Better watch Eerie. The best filipino horror film I seen so far."
"Introducing Bb. Pilipinas candidate #20, Julia Saubier.  5 ft 11 stunner hails from Albay, Bicol. She is 24 y "
"Most Filipino Families have Access to Improved Source of Drinking Water (Results from the 2017 Annual Poverty Indic "
"Ok Venice beach I see you with your Filipino street names Palawan and Mindanao!"
"I NEED MORE FILIPINO MUTUALS.. pagod mag-english oi. "
"  Pinoy Edition returns on Sunday March 31st for the first of 27 Filipino language Blue Jays ga "
"Filipino nurse taking my blood: Oh, you're so pale!: It's okay to be white ;-): *laughs* Yes, it's very be "
"Two older Filipinos walk by me talking shit about how short my shorts are in Tagalog thinking I not Filipino...we "
"Reminiscing Certificate of Recognition award given by Filipino Computer and Literacy Program for fellow OFW in Jedd "
"Reminiscing Certificate of Recognition award given by Filipino Computer and Literacy Program for fellow OFW in Jedd "
"Most Filipino Families have Access to Improved Source of Drinking Water (Results from the 2017 Annual Poverty Indic "
"filipino time talaga mga taga-AU"
" My boyfriend is Filipino and won kill spiders because it bad luck (apparently because they kill "
"The Commission on Population reported Filipino parents still refuse to discuss and teach the rudiments of sex to th "
" : World Bank Program Leader Gabriel Demombynes says 1 in 3 Filipino children under age 5 is stunted - a key marker of ma"
" Kasi it a turkish dish adapted to the filipino taste :) it doesn need to look like the real thing"
"*insert filipino teleserye love story title here*  "
"DILG's notable accomplishments in 2018 as it continue to brave more challenges this 2019 for the benefit of the Fil "
"Pag ang usapan 7, pumunta ka ng 7 making  time excuses"
"Colors of a Filipino breakfast: Manang Mila cooked Pakbet using veggies I bought in Bicol. Paired with the salty Sm "
"  Was there even a touch of Filipino blood in the TRAITOR or does he resent being a Filipi "
"karun pa tawn ko nalingaw sa filipino hys  ty "
"It's a powerhouse combo at The Weekend Busk: Pordalab x Talahib come together for an evening of heart-pumping inspi "
"PUTANGINA FILIPINO FAM!!!!!! I PASSED THE UPCAT!!!!!!!!!!! IM SHAKINGGGGGGGGG"
" when are you meeting your filipino fans?  ( )."
"i do not know one filipino that is NOT high maintenance "
"Que onda con todo lo agregado del cine filipino en  ?"
"U get a +5 magic attribute when ur filipino "
"#CitizenServices is the Filipino access to diverse information on civil registration, passport application, and o "
"  Hmmmm, that probably a good idea! We have a ton of Filipino workers at my job sometimes patients. "
"Dalagang Filipino yeah! "
"Okay, well I okay with  getting rid of the hyphens for dual identity (i.e.: Filipino American, Asian American)."
" : Hindi nga ako kumakanta sa harap ng mga kaibigan ko kahit anong pilit nila tas mapapakanta ako sa lahat ng nag aaral sa"
"FILIPINO MUTUALS I JUST PASSED THE UPCAT SJSKD HELLO BS CHEMICAL ENGINEERING UP DILIMAN "
"Unsa name ato imo gi layog-layog atong nagsayaw mo ato filipino? (interpratative dance)  Im not like that. We were "
"filipino ongmins!!! please do follow  !!!! (thank you also for this ga uwu fighting!!!!) "
"i didn't pass UP. If only i knew Filipino better."
" Yes! Its a filipino dessert called  sooo yummy"
"wrapped wit #KavaFlow tattoos filipino #SunStars on Alex stateofgracetattoo "
": Where are you from?: Philippines, I Filipino: Oh really? I from Ireland and you sound sooo american. You have that twang"
"ANNOUNCEMENT ON #GIVEAWAYS.. Watch my future videos lalo na mga #vlogs nakasingit somewhere doon ang giveaway mecha "
"Quite a lot of old couple in the shops... a few of them are filipino. Still a long way to go but I can see what Mar "
"hello!! my name is Ayn and i a filipino androgyne!!! please use they/them when referring to me! "
"Yeeeeet going to study na talaga for the FILIPINO FARMERS MAHAL KO KAYO#UPCAT2019"
"musical filipino com 4h de dura como ser isso"
"wanna do it too!!! uwu similar are we? - likes cute stuff  - bujo/planner - filipino  "
"PH Embassy in London Unveils Exhibit on the Panay Bukidnon: "
"And what also helped a lot was that my sister-in-law, Jenny, turned out to be Filipino! (She married to my younge "
"  I feel like some kind of Asian language would be beneficial like maybe Filipino"
"Since I'm craving some Filipino foods ealier and also to reward my self from folding hudreds of tees  so I cook th "
"Filipino chip and candies &gt; Foreign chips and candies"
"Bat di natin gawing binatang filipino yeah."
" Launching ng national Filipino food month. Wait, di ako sure hahahaha basta tungkol sa Filipino food"
"Hindi nga ako kumakanta sa harap ng mga kaibigan ko kahit anong pilit nila tas mapapakanta ako sa lahat ng nag aara "
" :  Gapay on Balikatan: This is to deepen the alliance. We fought side by side. Many Filipino and American so"
"Gusto ko na lang itulog kaso dami pa pa lang irereview sa Filipino"
"gimme a physical desc of ur ocs i lowkey wanna draw em  ahh that cute!! i feel bad giving u all of them but like "
"Susmariosep anak bakit? is every Filipino parents. I stan your mom. "
" The Filipino mixers here in the Philippines need you, girls! We're waiting "
"i sorry but filipino boys are the finest men out there..."
"Philam Life retained its top spot and the strongest in terms of Key Financial metrics, Total assets and Net worth, "
"Why is my Trending page still in Filipino "
" Gapay on Balikatan: This is to deepen the alliance. We fought side by side. Many Filipino and Americ "
"Anyone wanna see how toxic and immature Filipino kpop fans are? Specially blackpink fans?  at this blinks com "
"Appears White Australian men pedophiles abusing innocent children is a huge problem - largely swept under the carpe "
"Hosted my 6th wedding last night in yet another Filipino number! But everything on me, I do not own. Really. I just "
"My dad just said Yves looks half filipino I SCREAM"
"congrats filipino blinks who passed the UPCAT! "
" :   I am a Filipino, &amp; I am proud of my race. However, I hate to think that bec of Duterte unconscion"
"Filipino is so powerful  "
"World Bank Program Leader Gabriel Demombynes says 1 in 3 Filipino children under age 5 is stunted - a key marker of "
" no........ stupid is tanga idk i dont rlly like filipino cuss words bcs theyre too heavy KNDKCBD "
"Filipino moms will shit on your dreams "
"  Birther ka? Nakiki-Trump? Get your facts straight. She's a Filipino citizen."
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
" :o you filipino pala? amaziiing shssksk"
" Maybe it'll give it a shot in the arm. Or ass. The Filipino Stallone you'll be called. Then just ne "
"The athletics team of Bacolod Tay Tung High School (BTTHS) is ready for the Filipino-Chinese Amateur Athletic Feder "
"Let take a closer look at the effects of #Brexit on Filipinos. Here Part 2 of our feature on the changing relat "
" : the guy at the benhil mrt station who was in charge (or technician) for tapping machine was japanese, i guess.. me, c"
" : #ICYMI: Alberta is home to the second-largest Filipino population in the country, and advocates say it about time th"
" : #ArtistofSEA Hello! I Chelsea, I Filipino, I from Los Angeles and I love dogs. I write, draw and cosplay but here are"
"Hosted my 6th wedding last night in yet another Filipino number! But everything on me, I do not own. Really. I just "
" Ohhhh okay gotcha. Bc I see all these dalagang Filipino challenge videos and I was so confused lol"
"as a maarteng filipino (yeah), i agree "
"Toxic filipino culture "
"I bored but how similar are we- Filipino/Asian - Leo- enjoys reading - jinkook biased "
"Lol yung iba nga jan ang galing sa Filipino pero binabasura lang bansa natin "
" OMG LMAO i had a filipino best friend growing up so i know this song/dance very well! ALSO THAT SPAGHETTI S "
"hala ka oy shookt nasab kos grado sa contempo rag sa kay maam filipino"
"kapag hindi ka mayaman, you're forced to pursue something that you don't want for something that you want. Ang prio "
"3 ang start ng practice? Edi 4 ako pupunta, filipino time mga mamser"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"kapag hindi ka mayaman, you're forced to pursue something that you don't want for something that you want. Ang prio "
"My Filipino mom sent me a care package with her homemade lumpia and I don know whether to laugh at her for being "
"gg lol, dapat palitan yung curriculum ng Filipino na talaga yung language. Ang unfair naman nan lol "
"Why make a fuss of April Fool's Day when your entire life is a joke(and when the current administration is a big d "
"#ICYMI: Alberta is home to the second-largest Filipino population in the country, and advocates say it about time "
"Toxic filipino fam culture. Naeexperince ko na siya ngayon :("
"#ICYMI: Alberta is home to the second-largest Filipino population in the country, and advocates say it about time "
"It just so alarming how lenient and complacent the Philippine government is with China with regards to the loans "
" :  your major? you Filipino, you should major in Nursing. did and it wasn for me. y"
"the guy at the benhil mrt station who was in charge (or technician) for tapping machine was japanese, i guess.. "
" also if your parents are craving some great Filipino Food here  has great dishes and on Sunday "
" : Congratulations to all the SMEs featured in the Masarap Nga! Meet and Eat by  and !  K"
"Filipino time talagaaa"
"can believe i actually wishing for more filipino friends"
" : Athletes offer their support and condolences to Nipsey and his family  "
"  Hearing enough from filipino subbed kdramas... I had enough I'm traumatized"
"Nakakamiss yung mga araw na wala kang iniintindi kundi role play sa Filipino Chaka sayaw sa foundation day"
" Punta ka po dito sa Pilipinas para maramdaman ang sobrang init ng panahon at pagmamahal ng mga wota dit "
"I therefore should visit the Historical Filipino town in LA. AND promise to enjoy some kwek kwek and all its glorio "
"  I am a Filipino, &amp; I am proud of my race. However, I hate to think that bec of Duterte "
"Ako lang ba yung tipong pag nanonood ng drama nagki-cringe kapag pure filipino sub yung nakalagay "
"From K-12, I was only taught the labor movement stories centered on #CesarChavez and not those including "
" : #Eerie was not a typical filipino horror movie. It delivered a good and compelling story with a well-planned build-up. It also"
"how similar are we? pts - libra pts - 05' liner pts - filipino pts - dark brown eyes pts - wiz*one "
"i going to the filipino store do ya want anything"
"JOBS IN KUWAIT***************** - Vitajuwel Company - Kuwait City://t.co/E6RUeu0Oz2 ********** "
"After eight days in Japan, I can believe I be saying this but, GOD I crave for Filipino food "
"wala na bang ibang alam na joke mg la filipino para sa april fools? dapat laging buntis? laging positive?! hahahaha. #nakakasawa"
" the Filipino-American National News out of Minnesota wants to extend congratulations to to you and your "
"SHARING IS CARING, BE A BLESSING! , Friends, Colleagues, Business Partners and Donors/Sponsors  It tim "
"Native Tagalog surnames:   Dimaguiba (impenetrable) Guinto (gold) Matapang (brave) Masipag (industriou "
"hoy gitangtang na rba ang filipino sa college nya asa ra kutob akong tagalog ani hahahahahha char murag mu board ha "
"I wish may option kung english or filipino ang gagamitin.  more comfortable taking the exam in English haha "
""
"News Flash: Multiple sources has confirmed that a bill is being pushed to translate the CPA Board Exam in Filipino. "
"Sex discussions still taboo in Filipino homes  Popcom "
"My cousin said all I listen was Kpop and I can't even understand it. answered him who tell you I can't understan "
"Congrats Kathryn Bernardo Official Daniel Padilla for winning the Golden Jury Award for Highest Grossing Film of A "
" : same for Philippines:((( stans where you at "
" : Paramount Pictures has collaborated with a Filipino artist to create the alternative poster for #PetSematary. "
"  Girl I Mexican and Filipino too!!! Get it girl! I hope you meet your goal"
" TOTOOO!!!! Toxic filipino culture!! Bibiling kotse walang garahe????kaya sumisikip daanan sa pilipinas eh"
" Lol don't worry about and yes, I'll take Jimmy Olsen. Ugh a Filipino Jimmy Olsen. The power that that holds."
" : Filipino strawweight star Rene Catalan is riding an incredible  bout win streak heading into Yangon this Friday! Can"
" : Before the day ends We just want to greet you again N' Mark Happy Birthday from you Filipino fans  you soon again N'"
" Lol that too kind!! I forget his name on the show, but I loved all of the Filipino-specific moments. "
" : Invalid because Michael Yang is your friend and Duterte. If he was an ordinary poor Filipino and not a  Chinese national, most"
"   WHO WILL SING HIM A FILIPINO LOVE SONG!"
"the filipino movies got my eyes balling "
"Baka yung mga friends ko dito na Soriano, related? Jenette Soriano Florig, Richard Soriano, Jayson Soriano, Paul So "
"Invalid because Michael Yang is your friend and Duterte. If he was an ordinary poor Filipino and not a  Chinese n "
"High School - FILIPINO! - RIZAL! "
"Always bringing Filipino food to the surgery clinic and the staffs and the doctors are always like  are you ha "
"Filipino seafood and fruits!  Swipe to check out more photos of Coron!   for more food! "
"  binatang filipino yeah #DyisIsltManila  I.A.A. by CK feat.Vivoree"
"unholy Filipino meme page that is not for hypersensitive people"
"Hi everyone! Please support my foreign friend Meynard Eustaquio. She's half-Filipino and half-Filipina. Support by "
"Can say enough about how proud of I am to be Filipino. From the amount of hard work put into putting the 25th Bar "
" you will always be number one for me and your other Filipino fans.. just pls dont leave youtube like wha "
"lupita sounds like a Filipino dish"
"December avenue getting a lil overplayed :// come up with something else, mayhaps? Like authentic filipino music su "
"In Bicol, the Pilgrim City of Naga is commonly the start point of Visita Iglesia. Most Filipino Catholics practice "
"Filipino Gay &amp; Family Movies starring Anthony Perkins"
" na Rate at lalong tataas pag Malaki ang Padala! Gamitin at Free Online Registration!  Pick- "
"Have Filipino Journal at your fingertips, wherever you go. "
"Alam nyo yang UPCAT ginawa lang talaga para matest kung matatagalan nyo ang first 2years nyo sa UP. kasi pu "
"I tired of these bitches running on Filipino time mannnn"
"if anyone doesnt know, kilig is a filipino term for romantic excitement,,,,, uh like the feeling when you see ur fa "
" : Liberal Party of the Philippines doing their best to silence the Filipino public.  "
"Who are the Filipino American women leaders in NYC?   (1) Dr. Frances Lucerna, Executive Director &amp; Co-Founder of E "
"DFA calls out to kin of repatriated Filipino suffering from amnesia "
"I had to google what care is in filipino"
"Also, Oliver mom cooking lumpia is a dead giveaway. (I mean, is it even a Filipino celebration without lumpia? Haha)"
"Filipino nalang talaga problema hays"
"take filipino movies away frm me RN "
" WHO KNEW IZ*ONE COULD SPEAK FILIPINO TOO HSLDHSKSHSK"
"My grandma nurse, who Filipino, told me I look like a movie star and said if I go to the Philippines they would hire me  I love her"
"Can I still get a refund from a property I stopped paying for a year or two? - Filipino Homes Official Blog "
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 | "
"Filipino love songs are so cute :) i love singing them to my bbaby UWUUWUWUWUW"
"My Filipino moots, I'm loving Ube Yoongi from these concept photos. That is all. "
"Filipino commercials really something else "
"The Philippines is one of the largest producers of coconuts in the world.  of their versatility, coconuts "
" FILIPINO KA BEHHH OMAYGAHTTT BUHAY PA NAMAN NA-SSUFFOCATE LANG INIT NG BANGTAN EHHH"
"i brought a knife to a gun fight ko ngayong finals sa filipino :))"
"Filipino superstition - If you gift someone a purse, wallet, or shoes you also have to give a bit of money in it to "
" : Why Filipino Time is toxic ft. Black Arrow Express[A Thread]"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"#BestOfPH: A Philippine pride at Art Basel Hong Kong 2019, Art Informal brought in a globally competitive lineup of "
"Richanne listens to Filipino rap when I not around"
"Naging G na G lang ako sa netflix nung nagkaroon ng mga filipino movies e. Ewan ko ba "
" : Toxic Filipino Culture: sinabi mong Secret, nagsisinungaling ka na agad."
"ahh the rite of passage for every filipino boy "
"LMAO WHO IS THIS FILIPINO GUY WITH A MULLET"
"PH Exercise Director Lt. Gen. Gilbert Gapay says the joint military exercises aimed at improving interoperability b "
" Hindi mo ba alam? Ako'y lumipat na sa Filipino HAHAHAHA"
"I mean... yeah.. are you even a legit filipino if you don't have tita baby and tito boy in the family? "
"wala na hindi ko natapos yung sa filipino ko ,kalahati lang nagawa kooooo"
"Bacolod Tay Tung High School opened their Filipino-Chinese Amateur Athletic Federation (FCAAF) Track and Field Invi "
" PH Exercise Director Lt. Gen. Gilbert Gapay says the joint military exercises aimed at improving int "
"FILIPINO farmers, fisherfolk have now losses of P4.35B the initial P150M an estimated production "
"The Filipino Channel"
"About IFDC 2019: "
" for a filipino movie, it pretty good! "
"Kim Chiu  Chiu runs 3km just to make it to an event after getting stuck in traffic - The Filipino Ti "
"Pffi Natl 6th Filipino Footwear Design Competition (FFDC 2019) is finally now open for submission of entries. Deadl "
"PH Exercise Director Lt. Gen. Gilbert Gapay says the joint military exercises aimed at improving interoperability b "
"THE SOURCE LIVE ON FACEBOOK: he military confirms the presence of Chinese vessels in the West Philippine Sea. This "
" : Banquet buffet = Salad (green, potato, fruit), tri-tip, teriyaki chicken, wings, mac&amp;cheese (3 cheese flavors), baked pota"
"A cure for blatant ignorance would be nice. I volunteer the Filipino people as test subjects."
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"Filipino time talaga"
" : I swear EERIE is the first FILIPINO HORROR MOVIE I've love. It makes myself breathtaking. Lol . "
"    I am officially no longer filipino"
"  ALEEEEEX BITTCHHHH IM SO HAPPY YOU TWO *FINALLY* COLLABED !!!! make another one but "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
" : unique salonga: a future candidate for national artist for his contributions in igniting the patriotism found in filip"
"12. Varied and murky, but notable Filipino, Chinese, Spanish, Italian, Irish, German, Dutch, and Austrian."
"i'm just happy for the future iskolars ng bayan. alalahin, para sa bayan, para sa mga Filipino. padayon, mga ser."
"filipino time "
"The 25% white in me is really ruining my life. Like, I really can dance OR sing. At all. My Filipino ancestors are screaming"
"filipino fob men are too torpe (and problematic? and filipino-canadian men are too busy erasing their own identity "
"I can't wait for Fumiya's reaction vlog upon seeing his YouTube subscribers and also his vlogs with Yamyam where th "
"The 2019 Philippine-US Balikatan opens.  than 7,000 Filipino, American, and Australian troops to participate "
"Is it really Filipino karaoke if the titas aren singing songs with notes they can hit?"
" So Filipino"
"   you allow someone to buy you shoes without paying them they can walk all over yo "
" i a filipino lmaooo"
"Dragon Boat Fellowship sponsor by Wesley Methodist Filipino Ministry 31 March 2019, Kampong Bugis  at Kallang Ri "
"KISS AND CRY by Mina V Esguerra #romanceclass  is the 2nd book in her Six 32 Central series but can be read a "
" HOW DOES ONE CALCULATE WHEN IM ONLY HALF FILIPINO AND HALF SPANISH LMAO"
"Bong Go reminds youth of every Filipino duty to serve the country Special Assistant to the President and "
"Bong Go reminds youth of every Filipino duty to serve the country Special Assistant to the President and "
"Rise and Shine! 's start the day with love and passion.  ikaw na bahala! #monday #like #follow "
" : Thank you Kathy for your support and for inviting the #Filipino community here in the North East to vote for me in this"
" : 3 Bailey:  s o garoto filipino abrir a boca que eu j me derreto toda, QUE VOZ. Sabe aquele irm que fica te cutucando tod"
"You think Mother Day is for your mum only. Nah. As a Filipino I spent half an hour greeting all my ninangs, aunties and Lola "
"Bagaipo, Sheilla Mae Lusterio of Secondary Education Major in Filipino 2019 "
" : Ferdie Marquez, one of the original members of Filipino band Truefaith, has died.'Maraming salamat for sharing your im"
"omg midoriko is half filipino hello. my new empire oshi"
" : Join artist Marigold Santos in conversation with curator Lindsey Sharman as they discuss topics ranging from tattooing to Fili"
"Join artist Marigold Santos in conversation with curator Lindsey Sharman as they discuss topics ranging from tattoo "
"born filipino raised swagapino  "
"Filipino artists trying to be relevant n trending. i can't asfgllzusvanha "
"ang aga talaga this year!!! mas malala pa din talaga yung anxiety ng mga nagtake last last year but congrats new is "
"Malay natin, baka isa sa may mahusay na talento  ang tatanghaling next Bb. Pilipinas at future Miss Universe? "
""
" eu n aguento tanto poder, beleza e talento filipino junto"
"Yo  !!! What this nonsense on your #Facebook page that the Banawe Rice Terraces were built by the Ch "
"kaantok Filipino ii"
" : rough time to be a filipino boy"
"The Filipino farmers deserve the food we have on our table too."
"Im watching AGT and these lil filipino dudes just did oc choreography in heels"
" Artist Of The Month: Filipino Hip Hop recording artist  actor, ! "
"DFA calls out to kin of repatriated Filipino suffering from amnesia://t.co/ociLBvjBCG"
" Delusion of grandeur kana bhe.  ipapaalis ko na sa filipino dictionary ang KO at sa english dictionary ang MY "
"  Sila ang nag-career sa April fools day araw-araw ang panloloko sa mga Fil "
"FINALLY A FILIPINO RESTAURANT W LOTS OF FILIPINO PPL!!!!!!"
"my mom is literally a Filipino QUEEN"
"Banquet buffet = Salad (green, potato, fruit), tri-tip, teriyaki chicken, wings, mac&amp;cheese (3 cheese flavors), bak "
" : Sometimes, it is just not your day. Today it was not ours but I'm so proud of my team. They gave me an amazing car all"
"I checked in at Rance's Chicago Pizza on #Yelp "
" : Hello my beautiful trans family!!! #HappyTransDayofVisibility #TDOV2019 I a trans masc Filipino animator/character desig"
"  The same Filipino president has also been making jokes about rape directed at woman jo "
"Being Filipino means having at least 5 godchildren by the age of 10 "
"all Filipino boys matter  "
"  Ang Paghahanda ng Diyos at ang Paghahanda Natin  mundo misyon lipunan iglesia ng Diy "
" The first church I served was Filipino and at my first car blessing I was told very kindly but firml "
" yow man! Better to play with Gilas this coming Fiba, many Filipino's count on you including me! Ga "
"  Paghahanda ng Diyos at ang Paghahanda Natin Ang mundo misyon lipunan iglesia ng Diyos "
"Pagpupugay sa mga bagong isko ng bayan! 'm excited to see what the universe has in store for you. as alway "
" wtf i thought this was real"
"Most of my Filipino friends on Twitter know this already, but I am heavily invested in the mystery of the Aswang. I "
"  If you're referring to the thing with Filipino man, that's been squashed and settled. Still do "
"national filipino food month whaaat"
"  Filipino keyaki"
" : "
"Saglit. Makapag ingay ng mga 2 hrs lang. Sa totoo lng di ko maintindihan. Ung mga Filipino kpop fan. Ang lalakas ng "
"masaya na na aangat na sila ng anither grade without having an award eh. At least she tried her best mapasama sa ho "
"#FactsAboutFarmworkers: #LarryDulayItliong was a labor organizer who initiated the Delano grape boycott w/ a group "
"I really said epic in a fucking interview. Sometimes the vocabulary just pops out! "
"Filipino time nga naman oh...."
"GURL WACK SOBRA GINAWA NAMIN SA FILIPINO REPO WE NEED TO CUT IT"
" IM A FILIPINO CITIZEN, kaya magsasalita ako "
"um filipino foi la na loja hj e ficou conversando comigo, elogiou minha tatuagem e perguntou quais os animes q eu gostava"
" Although true na most words ng pinoy are non-gender based, baka ibig sabihin lang nung gumamit na ayaw "
"'MERRY-GO-ROUND in the Philippines 1st' from Naver V will start recruiting today until april 30th, 2pm KST/1:00pm P "
"My Filipino/Miss Universe enthusiast ass is shaking "
"BTW, I speak Taglish y'all  (Tagalog + english) S/O to my Filipino moots "
"We at Vibe &amp; a dance team did a tribute to the typical Filipino mom &amp; my mom is currently crying. Help."
"AN AU! Where Yang Jeongin is a solo idol. He's half Korean and Filipino. Hidden. What's hidden? Here's Park Ja Eun, "
"The Filipino Keyaki fans and their April fool joke about Techi graduating. If it actually becomes real though, we "
"Tinatamad talaga akong magreview sa filipino"
"tamang filipino time lang!! HAHHAA pero atleast ready na ko, aalis nalang "
"  But I not Filipino  My step family is Filipino but they think it weird too "
" : I never been more proud to be Filipino  "
" : AC, trans nonbinary, they, 28. 1st-gen American. Child of Filipino immigrants. Advocate and educator. "
"Uummmmm Basically I am a mananangal (you know if ur Filipino) "
"IN MEMORIAM San Pedro, National Artist for Music San Pedro is a master composer, conductor, and teache "
"Filipino myth? All Filipino food is unhealthy. Complete video with sources &amp; subtitles: "
"Ferdie Marquez, one of the original members of Filipino band Truefaith, has died.'Maraming salamat for sharing yo "
"i love my heritage but existing as a filipino person sucks."
"Ibasura ang LAHAT ng DILAWAN na Otso Diretso sa Inidoro at taga LP. Sila ang nagpahirap sa bansang Pilipinas at sa "
"lagi kasi akong nasisita ng filipino teacher namin, hehe"
"The Preamble of the Constitution of the Philippines is so Glorious for it acknowledges the LORDSHIP OF ALMIGHTY GOD "
"APRIL 2, 2019 - In Celebration of the birth anniversary of Francisco Balagtas Balagtas, A Prominent Filipino Poet "
"Me saying Ope! is brought to you by my Filipino mom and my Michigan ex"
" : Q&amp;A with Nine part 6. For Filipino fans  #naninenai #2Moons2 #2Moonstheseries # "
"The Preamble of the Constitution of the Philippines is so Glorious for it acknowledges the LORDSHIP OF ALMIGHTY GOD "
"JOBS IN UAE***************** / Document Controller - ABILITY ELECTROMECHANICAL WORKS LLC - Dubai "
"Nasa 205 ang chorale kung saan kami nag r-room. sila ng prayer song habang medyo nagbabasa ako sa Filipi "
" binatang filipino"
"Fun weekend at the unveiling of Filipino inspired, Filipino brewed #Regalo beer. Congrats to the entrepreneurs! "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"  the only Filipino &amp; white homophobic is ur parents"
"El cine Filipino tiene lindas historias. "
"#Bench daw is ALL FILIPINO  hey it's made in china lol"
"Paningning sounds like a Filipino indie horror film that was released back in 2012"
"  I heard C Ch was a bit of an ass from people who were there. And it was actuall "
" : Filipino, queer, excellent. Can you handle it? "
"Mukang sasabay pa ata finals namin sa filipino ah tsaka bataan tangina hahahahaha.  diz, finals sa fil &gt; bataan. ?"
"Gago i miss filipino classroom humor so much wtf"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"Officials: Filipino IS Fighters may return Home but must  the Price://t.co/6CknknJ9w3"
"[ stolen from my tl, yeet. ] similar are we? - filipino - '03 liner - renmin enthusiast. - multif "
"Great conversations over breakfast with friends from our local Filipino community in north Winnipeg. "
" : Nipsey Hussle has passed away in the hospital after being shot in front of his store in LA. In Peace  "
"my grandma with her thick filipino accent: ay nako! secsi naman!: "
"Even though she has limited vocabulary in Filipino'am knows me :((("
"Filipino Food  Ginisang Togue Beansprouts Recipe Tagalog English  Pinoy "
" So in exchange:-Give up Filipino dignity/sovereignty?-Give up mass territorial claims to China? "
" : LONG LIVE NIPSEY HUSSLE#FOREVER  "
" So you're filipino living in #Japan? How come?"
"This ZPop group is promising. They have great stage presence and powerful moves. Not being bias but I really like t "
"So, It gonna be 11PM 4th of April for all Filipino Blinks!     "
" : My Filipino teacher never bid goodbye when it's already her time. One time, I asked her.Maam, bakit di po kayo nagpap"
"   Do you realy think filipinos are the only one who see filipino films? As soon as "
"My pet peeve is a filipino trying hard to speak english but is not good at it but INSISTS that they're very GREAT "
"Dulu, setiap landing di Singapore gw malu ngaku org Indonesia. dikomplain bkn cumasupir taxi soal Asap. ngakunya fi "
"no one: no one: no one: gen-z on their selfies: "
"Proud to be Filipino-American!  ...#philam #filipinoamerican #filipina #GirlBoss #WomenEntrepreneur "
"What is your favorite flavor of ice cream?  mint chocolate "
"I so mind blown at the spellings of  and . Why are they spelled with different  sounds? "
" : BREAKING: Rapper Nipsey Hussle is pronounced dead after being shot in Los Angeles.(per ) "
"Filipino mentality: boy's are with a bunch of girls -bakla girl's are with a bunch of boys -pokpok s "
" Filipino=95"
"[Just found this channel] Jeepney TV is a Filipino TV channel mainly airs classic and archived series produced and/ "
" He certainly is the president of the Philippines. So tell him to uphold his duties and responsibilit "
"Most Filipino carinderias are located in shabby establishments and serve no frills food. Surely, they will break an "
"  Ang Kautusan ng Buhay, ang Paskuwa , Ang mundo misyon lipunan iglesia ng Di "
"  Kautusan ng Buhay, ang Paskuwa , Ang mundo misyon lipunan iglesia ng Diyos "
"olivia said filipino skdjkdkdkdkdkdk "
" My Filipino family says that if you allow someone to buy you shoes without paying them they can walk "
"EERIE is the best filipino horror movie FOR ME!! ang galing galing!!! Ganda ng cinematography! Yung lightings dabes "
"filipino movies kill me yoooo. my heart has been shot "
"imagine noh, filipino slang dubbed mamamoo vids "
"BULAN SANG ABRIL GINAKILALA MAN BILANG FILIPINO FOOD MONTH ang imo paborito nga Filipino food? "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"As long as the world nations and local syndicates of politicians and cronies sees that the filipino is primitive an "
" Di man hinuon. Within the system sa Filipino lang jd cguru ang mga ingn ana na stuff.  I like rea "
"Filipino  Rican  "
" : LOOK: Malacanang issues Proclamation No. 701 declaring 02 April 2019 as a special non-working day in Bulacan to mark t"
"Finding out I have a whole filipino family I didn't kno about "
"There's a lot to mention but right now I'll name  Catriona Gray. She continuously gives inspiration t "
" 60 if being a pure filipino is valid and if 2003 is allowed too. "
"can imagine don know what to do will sound like please the filipino version is playing in my head"
" Right? Ever since I moved to Portland I find that Asians here don always know what kind of Asian I a "
"I like it so far. It not a masterpiece, definitely not our . Still a long way to get that international acc "
"how similar are we? - below 5 ft - stans more than 5 groups - loves cats!  - owns atleast 2 albums (an "
"Hello my beautiful trans family!!! #HappyTransDayofVisibility #TDOV2019 I a trans masc Filipino animator/characte "
" : Ang ganda ng Eerie!!!  totally the best Filipino horror movie"
" As a black man that has EVERY race in his immediate family - from white, to Filipino, Japanese, Mex "
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||                |    Ang        | mag "
"Hiling ng kanyang ina na magsilbi sanang inspirasyon sa mga kabataan sa kanilang tribu ang pagpupunyagi sa pag-aara "
" you can make Filipino emo music but in Spanish. u might as well use those lessons, ya know? "
"are u nationally filipino but ethnically chinese  i ethnically filipino too but i dont live in ph ^^ "
"Why am i suddenly binging filipino movies"
" timmys started their rewards card program as their food and filipino servers are shitty"
" :  is being arrested because apparently, Rappler is not 100% Filipino-owned., this country's already owned"
"A look at the history of the Filipino community's presence in the Chinatown International District. #KuyaGeo"
" : My Filipino ass is crying for all of this rn "
"No Filipino time today pls "
"GISING PILIPINAS dumagsa ang mga Chinese workers sa bansa at napasok na ang construction projects n "
" that a filipino one too"
"#MyPhBoy ctto  sexy Yosu fine ://t.co/iO2kgDlBmL my accounts ig/tw  fb/ "
" : Bakit ba ayaw nung ibang isko or iska na sablay ang academic costume ng ibang university? long as hindi naman same de"
" : FILIPINO/ASIAN JOKES THREAD. SINCE YALL ASKED FOR IT. "
"Yung book kong filipino, baka naman may gustong mag saule"
" i know how you feel! i a mix between korean, japanese, &amp; filipino. ppl always ask me what an asian guy wo "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"  I Irish, my wife is Filipino, and this is our handsome mixed boy. I like your mix "
" : Toronto-based Filipino rapper  Unveils  Call Music Video #Question #hiphop #newvideo #Toronto https"
" : Despite the numerous triumphs Filipino women have achieved over the years, there is still a considerable number of those wh"
" i got 3 track suits and 5 jerseys, 2 of them with the filipino flag"
" : BSIT Major in Dancing! Pati filipino!"
" : Filipino Mahomies  are on  Dont We is #1 straight for one week. Yess. I hope  can see this! "
" : I don't care anymore if you became the Batch winner or not, coz for me, you already win Fumi. You already win the hearts of"
" This is my Filipino fianc. "
"The Management Association of the Philippines (MAP) had embarked on a project in 2004 to help Filipino voters choos "
"'S RESSA IS A COLOSSAL CON MAN, CON WOMAN, OR CON PERSON. Bobi Tiglao, Manila Times 06 "
" : Inspired by the work she did on a disease whose victims rarely reach the age of 30, clinical geneticist Cutiongco-de la Paz i"
"alright, bandwagon time, how much are you like me lesbian anime kpop artist filipino rhythm games ca "
" : gUUURL BAKIT ANG UNDERRATED NG ULAN??!?!! THIS MOVIE DESERVES TO BE SEEN!!!!! I SWEAR THIS IS NOT JUST A MOVIE OR A TYPICAL"
"#EERIE hindi mo koh pinatulog ka gabie, yon effect niya sa akin- d favorite Filipino horror film of all time.- T "
"Ntv/ Ktn is the reason why I obsessed with Filipino shows / movies "
"kabantay ka anang nagdamgo ko na gipukaw kong radleigh riego kay maghimo na lage daw kog assignment sa filipino gan "
" :  ang taong laging natutuwa kapag naaalala na mas magaling siya sa akin sa Filipino HAHAHA ang unique ng fa"
" :  Hello guys  you please try reacting to a Filipino girl group 4th Power/4th Impact Sings Bang Bang h"
" :  Hi Adam  you please try reacting to a Filipino girl group 4th Power/4th Impact Sings Bang Bang http"
" Filipino fuck boy culture"
"officially joining this trend uwu  - ult jungkook - ult lisa  - ult ryujin - ult soobin  - armybli "
"    HAHA. Dude. He's Filipino. Our parents still have jur "
" : masyado pang konti yung mutuals ko pero  IF U WANT TO BE IN A TXT FILO GC- stan txt - open dms- filipino (please"
" : "
"         "
"#NostalgiaChat A4.1 I recently gave a Filipino dessert to my non-Filipino boss. Her reaction was wordless."
"My mom asked me what home decor is in Japanese because she was searching smth on internet and I told her -Jin( "
" And my heart was literally ripped out of my chest and devoured by the Manananggal, a vampire-like m "
" Filipino people are worth fighting for? PDAF?"
" :  we went to Apoy for some great Filipino food today.  You should check it out. "
" :  Some interesting history: Rajah Sulayman of Manila was a vassal of Brunei's Sultan. In the Malay world these"
"#maluma #Filipino #philippines #senor nino #Jesus blessings, #cebu Jesus appeared..food the blessed smiles everythi "
"8am ang start, for sure filipino time na naman yan"
"Thank you Kathy for your support and for inviting the #Filipino community here in the North East to vote for me in "
"Hayaan na lang yang mga taong sarado ang utak at di kayang magbigay ng kalayaang magmahal ang mga bakla toxic "
"duh HAHAHA recog is life pero filipino time is lifer "
" :  As far as I know? She's Indonesian by blood. There is absolutely NOTHING Filipino about her. Oh sure... she c"
"as usual, filipino time"
"MiGuard Helps In Making Filipino Homes Safer "
"I have failed as a Filipino citizen. I was unaware that I have to preregister as an absentee voter, and registratio "
"Eddie Alvarez, ex-campe peso leve do UFC (em 2016), foi nocauteado por Timofey Nastyukhin no primeiro round. N "
"Filipino time na nga traffic pa hahaha"
"30 mins nalang last episode kaso 8 daw practice, torn between magreready na and 'filipino time'"
"how similar are we? pts - ot7 biased pts - army since 2015 pts - filipino army pts - loves pineapple o "
"V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"I Hispanic not Filipino, Hawaiian, mixed with black or middle eastern "
"My whole twitter feed is about filipino boys and *woah*"
"if you filipino you understand this superstition LMAO"
" At the expense of Filipino children?!!..."
"Bakit ba ayaw nung ibang isko or iska na sablay ang academic costume ng ibang university? long as hindi naman s "
"19 #Secrets That Overseas #Filipino Workers Won Tell You "
"  In their humblest simple way, may nagawa sila ex-DFA Sec Del Rosario and ex-Chief Sa "
"  Yep.  There is a Filipino dish...sliced pork shoulder (bone in), marinade in Filipino "
" As far as I know? She's Indonesian by blood. There is absolutely NOTHING Filipino about her. Oh sure... "
"Popular Part Time Jobs in the Philippines for Young Filipino Job Seekers and Expats There has been a good performan "
"are you chinese?  no i filipino "
"Just. Be. You. .......#live #love #life #laugh #light #happy #heart #sakura #cherryblossom #boyfriend "
" : Filipino industrial and retail company based in Ortigas Center, Pasig City is currently looking for a Full Stack Developer."
"I have a video that's due in two hours and I need to record myself doing the voice over but the roosters of my neig "
" : 10 Things I Hate About You came out 20 years ago today. What a special summer it was making that movie with such wonder"
"After watching Eerie I never thought I could hate hallways, bathroom cubicles, matches, and mirrors more than I alr "
"Fun fact  is Filipino"
"Some awesome fights using Filipino Kali/Eskrima/Arnis "
"Easy Homemade Taho  -  Filipino Breakfast recipes in our website:://t.co/zhGUZpUJ7B "
"Filipino time an HAHAHAHA sigurado"
"  wish ko lng magkatotoo. Huwag na iboto ng mga filipino sila lng ang hadlang sa pag-asenso ng pinas."
"Opinion: It not just foreigners who are expected to splash the cash "
"  filipino time eh"
" : jessica sanchez and morissette amon OH MY GODDD filipino girls have my whole heart "
" your major? you Filipino, you should major in Nursing. did and it wasn for me. "
"I cannot stop watching these Filipino dramas on Netflix omfg"
"here we go ago again with this damn filipino time "
"We believe in school choice, but it a slippery slope that can segregate instead of building community. The NDP pr "
"   Congrats! You've reached 1M subscribers! Many Filipino loves you and suppor "
" : And to those people who say na, Appealing to women lang ako kasi I'm a man and not a woman to say such things, well yo"
" : how similar are we??  - 90 kid - pisces - smol - marvel stan - loves spicy food - a"
"For April Fools Day, enjoy a bunch of Filipino geeks sing in Japanese...badly. "
"  every Filipino girl though forrealz"
"When someone says  Filipino party is litt, that usually means there hella food, enough for baon."
"Actually let me correct myself, why are ALL FILIPINO ADULTS loud as a group? SHUH UHHHH "
" : FROM A FILIPINO PROFESSORS  kay Justice Carpio, I calculated the annual amortization for Chico dam: for 3"
"*nagreready*: papa bilisan mo malelate na tayo: nukaba di agad mag sstart yan: mas mabuti nang maaga kes "
"And to those people who say na, Appealing to women lang ako kasi I'm a man and not a woman to say such things, we "
" : . UPSETS DUKE AND IS HEADED TO THE #FINALFOUR! #MarchMadness | #Elite8 "
"Momentos aleat q me d vontade de aprender espanhol, italiano e filipino"
" : Bring that ://t.co/CLgDMQnsRk"
" : Behold. #BLOCKZ a Filipino Zombie movie. Now shooting!://t.co/LKmwGv8kgv"
" : Filipino titas be like {/}(  . )/ &gt; u want this money?{/}(  - )&lt;   ok u sing at da party first"
"murag pag february pa man jud tung last nako na attendance sa filipino ba HAHAHAHAHA da late pa"
"Why are Filipino women so fUCKING loud as a group, y are sitting next to each other why are you yeLLING"
"filipino hairdresser competition  to angeles city pampanga "
"Fav Filipino street food?  tempura, kwek kwek, tAHO, inasal "
" : Annyeong, Filipino ATINY and Monster Radio ! Thank you for your love to 'Say My Name', we are super happy it is"
" :   At first ang akala ko what the Filipino needs eh yung may kamay na bakal, yung may kakatakutan pa"
"how similar are we??  - 90 kid - pisces - smol - marvel stan - loves spicy food "
" :  You think with how he didn really get the majority of the Filipino vote, na yung mga hindi bumoto eh"
" : Bob is so proud to be half-Filipino do not disrespect and erase his heritage because he not as tanned as another Filipino,"
" Mexican, Filipino and Italian  "
"Sabut 7 unya mag adtu 8 filipino tine geedd."
" Glad to see you note the exception for Filipino garlic fried rice! "
"Filipino restaurateur Nicole Ponseca nominated for James Beard Awards 2019 "
"Dalagang ano ka???  Parents ko kase half and half they still both have the filipino blood so i think I still dal "
" : My filipino mom when she preggy |              ||              ||               |                 |"
"Like you have lots of filipino friends..cool. is that really the only way  for you to relate to me? Eeeeek."
"Listening to a nearby conversation in this filipino dessert store and uh, pro tip - talking about how you, a non fi "
"If you've ever seen me retweet some of the most gorgeous art of Filipino gods and goddesses EVER, they were from "
"Wtfffff. I left my filipino booooook. Sht"
" : MARVEL JUST INTRODUCED THEIR FIRST FILIPINA SUPERHERO AND HER NAME IS WAVE AND SHES ACTUALLY DESIGNED BY A FILIPINO AIST"
"Pacific island, Filipino &amp; African American heritage my roots are POWERFUL"
"The successful applicant will need to spend up to four months at a time visiting countries such as India, China, Tu "
" :  True blooded FILIPINO media are free and fully functional. Your idol, Cory Aquino, sued Louie Beltran and neve"
"omg my dads rewatching on the wings of love  if you're filipino you might know what i'm talkin bout but that show made me SOOOOOOB!"
"Just seen a tweet from this filipino guy on the train station this morning:"
" we went to Apoy for some great Filipino food today.  You should check it out. "
"   I have NONE. My only friend that likes kpop is Filipino and she's a "
"I sexually indentify as a Filipino"
" : filipino moots: unmute .. ur welc "
"#CNNPHAsks: April is Filipino Food Month! Tweet us your favorite local comfort food?  "
"PASUMBAN JUNG FILIPINO TIME OY"
"some of u didnt or dont have a filipino power couple and it shows"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
" cesar chavez and dolores huerta did their thing putting on to organize farm workers but it came at the exp "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
" He's a Filipino...."
"Dinner with my #1  Finally, we get to sink our teeth into Filipino food besides singigang!  Jeepney "
" maulaw ko sa akoang cmate na hapit na mahuman sa filipino nya ako wala pay nasugdan HAHAHAHA"
":)))) answer your question, no, I'm not Filipino  wowwww i- "
" : Ang araw na ito ay para sa pinakadakilang bayaning Filipino (all other days para naman sa best president in the galaxy). https"
" : Sa klase ang studyante nagiging :: reporter at actor: writer: pari/ madre: businessman/woman"
" : Naniniwala si Sen. Bong Revilla na nararapat magtayo ng OFW Hospital sa bansa upang pangalagaan ang kalusugan at kapak"
"Chinese investments have been pouring slowly into the Philippines, and they end up creating jobs for rathe "
"Yung may mag popost about toxic Filipino Culture, tapos makikita mo yung sinsabi niya, siyang siya naman. "
"I been watching too many Filipino movies that now I never wanna date ever again."
"WATCH: Meghan Markle Speaks Filipino During Royal Tour in Edinburgh "
"At the #GLAADAwards, Filipino celebrities joined their Hollywood colleagues calling for a stop to cruelties against "
"At the #GLAADAwards, Filipino celebrities joined their Hollywood colleagues calling for a stop to cruelties against "
"filipino food is soo good - kinilaw, kare kare, sisig... you."
" : How street photographer  captures the condition of the overseas Filipino workers. ://t.co/40IzTy0"
" tbh i bet every filipino, whether  bisaya or not, has once said ambot or ambot sa imo in their life skdbjsvd"
"My fuuuuull name only has 5 syllables, FYI. hahahahaha was always mistaken as either chinese or korean with span "
" April is National Literature Month and Filipino Food Month.  #KulturaPH"
"Filipino boys coming for me, my ass and soul"
"u guys are killin me with these  all filipino boys tweets. shit has me WEAK "
" :  hi there! I'm Maple!   a black/filipino queer artist and i think colors are pretty neat!:  "
"And sabi nga Fumi diba nagtaka din siya nung umpisa ke Yamyam daw filipino pero hirap mag tagalog and mag english. "
" #AngeloPalmonesLive Tinio: Hindi pupwede [kumuha ng foreign doctors para sa UHC]. Hindi pwedeng mag "
"anal virginity first lesbo sex amy fisher porn pictures nude solo tube girl adult test for add accidental  pics por "
" : looking for filo blinks  rt para i will follow you. need filipino mutuals #BLACKPINK #KILLTHISLOVE #ROS "
"FILIPINO FOOD. WE FEAST "
"Trudeau Selfie Stick - Philippine Asian News Today | FILIPINO Canada News Vancouver "
"Filipino clients will always feed me before i either start grooming or after grooming their dogs "
" : Hopefully the story will stick with a realistic timescale and plot you know not the usual that is stretch Filipino tele"
"Filipino parents will trick you into eating anything my mom just fed me tripe"
" 1st of all im not a fucking racist im part scottish,british,filipino,spainish my step mom is also "
" : if you love kyo quijano, pamela swing, jericho arceo, mika salamanca, angel dei and the other filipino youtubers then i lo"
"Ikaw Sana by #JYP#Music #Cover #OgieAlcasid #OPM #Philippines #Filipino #Threesome "
" Habla Espanol? una buena chica no pondr el dedo medio arriba 's ur ethnicity? are you Asian/Filipino?"
"I know that Filipino movie  "
" Hahahaha..maybe yang curi tu pun Filipino.."
"    There was a large new catholic church there for all the fi "
" : perd por interrumpir sus preguntas con mis respuestas ah ha estado fino filipino  en el "
" :  She is a foreigner by blood and by passport. It is normal for her to get foreign support. She needs to be stripp"
" no, I am a filipino"
" : Bakit po titirit ng kayumangging ibon?  Tiririt means huni or tunog ng ibon na nagrerepresent  sa mga tweets ko. Kayuman"
"hello am curious love love loves boba filipino 5'0/153cm or shorter ults every member of nct loves k "
"my dad was also facebooking everything like a proud Filipino father"
" : SUPPO FILIPINO AISTS!!!!!! "
"Guys! I not a big spam fan (although I make a mean spam musubi) but if you gonna spam, Filipino spam is the best! "
"ang itim ko talaga sobra feeling ko isa black filipino hiyes."
"  It's a Filipino thing "
" :   is an american disguising as Filipino in orderto destroy Du30 admin thru her Rappler. She is the Highe"
"each and every one of my friends, filipino and nonfilipino, bout to be real mad at me. "
" : my mans is the the first filipino boy i ever dated &amp; he treats me like a fuckin queen  "
"What better way to break the fast than with this Filipino favorite, tapsilog. The marinated savory beef slices are "
" Ima head out now... still sorry to bother.(im born Filipino.)"
"this is where i am the epitome of my mom: watching filipino dramas while i paint my toenails"
"there a bunch of filipino films on netflix now and it amusing that a sizeable portion of them is from filipino cinema cheating phase"
" : How amazing is it to have a Filipiniana Inspired Graduation Ball? We all know that we got the idea of ball from the Western"
"no one: christians: let be reLENTless this LENTON season"
" : i love being gay"
"  An african-american flips a turtle over on its back. A transgender filipino comes and "
"what tanning salon did you go to? .....im..... filipino"
"Glad to see Filipino men embrace their own identity and to just spread love.  Sana lahat sila ganito!"
"cutest Filipino girl at seafood city like damn mahal halika dito omg"
" ! ! ! !  Pero 'wag ka tayo rin 'yung nag-uusap dati ng Filipino pero naka-Hangul. HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH LAKAS E"
"Gonna rate the filipino movie Maria with 2/5. The story was kinda okay, christine reyes was okay (siya lang lol) pe "
"White person:  Filipino? My neighbor is Filipino and I love Filipino food haha: ://t.co/hm7zalmMym"
" :  It was kinda intimidating to talk to you kaya dati kasi perfect filipino grammar with all its shining shimmerin"
"         "
"#AprilFools hinahangaan ng 80% of Filipino Voters dahil sa katalinuhan at galing sa pagbibigay ng non- "
" : Toxic Filipino Culture?  pagnicorrect mo yung tao tapos instead of saying  u they will say  iKaW nA maTaliNo,"
" : PCNs are a form of Filipino American intellectual labor produced by Filipino American students FOR FREE because universi"
"perd por interrumpir sus preguntas con mis respuestas ah ha estado fino filipino  en el "
"my birth name is old English in origin so im also looking as filipino boy names and alon?? is such a pretty name an "
" :  IF UR A: FILIPINO SWIFTIE FILIPINO SWIFTIE FILIPINO SWIFTIE FILIPINO SWIFTIE  FILIPINO SWIFTIE"
"where are the filipino pop groups at "
" : Filipino Culture: Nakukuha pa din ngumiti at tumawa kahit may hinaharap na problema*Ang problema, dinadaanan lang"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"i'm filipino i can say this ok najgsjngjn"
"stolen  similar are we? 10 points each(/105) scorpio 01 liner slytherin once a directioner always "
"#AprilFools dinumog at pinagkaguluhan sa campaign rallies kasama si  "
" : toxic filipino culture: wala kang karapatang magsalita kung mas bata ka kahit tama ka."
"Makamatay mn ning Filipino subject sa masteral, naa na mai sagol abbreviations and formulas oi, hinampak."
" : shoutout all my Filipino homies for breaking the stereotype that we break hearts"
"I do thoughh  hhhhh are you filipino? "
"The lack of Filipino food in Cleveland is frustrating #preggoproblems"
"tell you what annoying, my Filipino mum shouting on the phone"
"If You Look Like This Or Anything Similar To This PLEASE Jump In My DMs Right Now  Because I NEEDS Me A Blasian, "
"Supermercado filipino inova,usando folha de bananeira (em substitui ao pl) para embalar frutas e legumes "
"Canadian Jollibee is where filipino hypebeasts converge. iPhone XS, Canada Goose, Champion everywhere "
" : We  our Filipino fans! of #CavsRaptors,  had a meet &amp; greet with The Philippine American Society of Ohio"
"  THANKS MADDE AND JESSI THE BEST FRIENDS A SCRAWNY FILIPINO BOI COULD EVER ASK FOR"
" hi there! I'm Maple!   a black/filipino queer artist and i think colors are pretty neat!:  "
"Filipinos are simultaneously the biggest Patriots and the biggest self haters. We love being Filipino, but only as "
" Idk, u def look Filipino "
"  second cousins!!! small filipino world ha ha ha"
""
"God damn, if that ain't the fastest Filipino I've ever seen."
"I was cute for Filipino Culture Night tho "
" Not bad for a filipino horror film "
"the guy who bryan and amelia raided today is filipino i swear i heard that accent and just KNEW"
"#AprilFools pasok sa magic 12. Roxas #1 ayon sa D'Strafford.   "
"There gotta be a Filipino version of Alfonso Cuaron. He/she needs ro be given a chance. We need dramas like this "
"it's being asked why are u so dark? i thought u were asian? and you're filipino? so ur not really asian huh. it "
"PINOY | FLAVA | Made with Banana &amp; Jackfruit that is deep fried and caramelized in brown sugar. HALO | "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"  years ago, jackfruit was just a spectacularly ugly, smelly, unfarmed, unharvested pest-plant.... So "
" Ha sido corporativismo del fino, filipino..."
"Filipino Girl Amanda in Jeans and Pink Bra://t.co/DB5NzdESQQ#filipina #filipinogirl #asiangirl #asiangirls "
"AirAsia Philippines is finally launching its first direct flight from the Philippines to Japan in July, as it aims "
"literal na Filipino time tong UPCAT eh nauuta na ako hmmmp "
"Why do Pinoys think it okay to operate on Filipino Time? "
" 7:30 filipino time syempre"
" : this is why i love filipino boys :,) "
"Common Poster Area : Bazurahan.#Manila #WhenInManila #Pinoy #Filipino #Pilipinas #Philippines #Elections "
" :   When he filed a case against Du30, he said it was his duty as a Filipino. But when someone f"
"First Filipino wax figure to be place in Madame Tussauds Hong Kong. "
" : every filipino family has a nurse in their family if im correct"
"Ba't naging part pa kasi ng pagkapilipino 'yung filipino time e aaAaaaAaaArgh"
" I read this in a Filipino accent.  At first I lol'd... and then I got sad"
" pag aralan niyong mabuti yung filipino, mag paturo na kayo sa mga ninuno niyo kasi kinuwestyon ko pagig "
"yung march 2019 results ba metaphor for filipino time,,, like are we proving a point,,,,am i missing smth here"
" : This week mix takes you on a passport-free trip to the other side of the world. 30 minute continuous mix of Filipino funk"
" thank you for knowing about Filipino cuisine &amp; cerebral palsy"
"Watching chess. The Italian was only drew an American, &amp; the Filipino wasn't really in it, so I am now rooting for "
"kpop boyband: *breathes filipino: yUcK mGa bAkLa  nAg mEmEyk uP mUkHaNg bAbAE mGa rEtOkAdO chInG cHonG"
" i asian, spanish or pacific islander?*cries in filipino*"
"Wow take home #filipinofood #shaysfilipinocafe #adobopizza  Shay's Filipino Cafe "
" : 'Child sex tourism': Perth man jailed for 11 years for molesting Filipino girl overseas "
"Filipino food month? Pucha goodbye keto "
"how does my brother have the audacity to send me a snahpchat of my family eating jollibee without me when he knows "
"Filipino tribal tat next month..."
"Oh yeah #Brunch #filipinofood #shaysfilipinocafe  Shay's Filipino Cafe "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
" omg youre a filipino? "
"this is everywhere so!! similar are we  ___ /105 pts   filipino!!!  plays tennis  band   jazz "
"Toxic Filipino culture: nag aral ka sa La Salle, UST, Ateneo, UP, etc mataas tingin sayo. Pag hindi nila-lang ka lang amp."
" : why does nako look like a filipino aunt "
"gf said bukbuk is a filipino slur she found on google, supposed to mock how we talk"
"My favorite part about the concert last night was these 50 yr old filipino moms recognizing that I was filipino, an "
"   A Lt Col squeezed my shoulders  before I went up to brief a Filipino general "
"FUUUUCK why am i reading hella funny Filipino shit rn "
"Joy is when your neighbours decide to hold a karaoke engagement party through the wall at 10pm on a Sunday night. I "
"My Filipino ass is crying for all of this rn "
" : happy #TransDayOfVisibility2019 from your fav genderqueer filipino you white + have money and you see this: donate t"
"I never been more proud to be Filipino  "
"at first i thought it was kinda useless 2 know but one day i might have an intellectual discussion abt pollution an "
"Came over my brother house and he watching filipino movies "
"  If they don make over 100k I marrying a Filipino like Ali Birra did"
" : Lol yeah tell that to Filipino parents "
"Torn between dumplings and filipino food!!! How about both? "
"damn the whole filipino parents going to the airport hella early is REAL"
" Hi there! I'm a transmasc, half-filipino illustrator with editorial experience and you can view my port "
" Two Filipino winners! First Taiwanese finalist! Another intriguing weekend on the PDC Asian Tour!://t.co/TVusSilbTP"
"#dubai #travels #dxb #traveller #travelgram #indubai #expat #instadaily #visitdubai #ilovetravel #travelblogger "
"A Popular Filipino Broadway Celebrity is coming to Sydney in November. Does anyone know if she still a Marcos sympathiser?"
"San Sebasti, santo homoer filipino, joya de marfil del siglo XVII, atesorada por los jesuitas, en el Museo N "
"Since my buddy Aysha hasn made her famous filipino food. I shall make some  yummmmy for my tummy"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"So ang dami nang filipino words alam mga kaklase ko. Yung isa, maalam na kantahin yung  kita pero, yung isa "
"Monggo (Mung Beans) and Paksiw na bangus plus bonus Halo-halo from my new friend Gen Zimmerman!!! Thank you for a d "
"i got bored w hw and was like Let's Learn A Language and went back 2 filipino and the first sentence i got was nag "
" wait, ur filipino?"
" All these Hispanic names.. aren y Filipino?! "
"how similar are we  pt - tall!!! (i 5) pt - matcha pt - also GREEN TEA ARIZONA  pt - ambivert "
" ooohhh  is he cute? is he filipino?"
" : When you already dead inside "
"#Filipino and #american #chinese #yum #pancit #pancitCanton #primeRib #lamb #lambchop #claypot #noodle "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"i think only filipinos/people w filipino relatives or parents use fb nowadays"
"im not threading bc im lazy sorry everyone it's going to make sense to me and my one filipino friend but I don't li..."
" whack haha san diego literally has a whole filipino city i havent been to arizona in a hot minute but "
"Dapat 4:30 am lakaw nami but hays. Filipino time haha shet"
", you make me so so so proud to be Filipino. I just want to let you know that. Carry on Big Sistah! S "
"Fun fact about meeeeee: I Filipino and white just cause everyone always so surprised when they find out"
"Video: Ma Sir Contributes to Los Angeles Great Filipino Food Scene - Eater #FilipinoFood #LA"
" Despite all the problems that developed and permeated the Phillippine Government under the DUDEE adm "
"Adobong pusit is one of my favourite filipino dish"
" : It's not just the Catholic or Christian Vote. It's the Filipino Vote, the one that ensures that our leaders serve the Filip"
"Actor Marc Dela Cruz is the first Filipino-American to bring to life one of America founding fathers in the title "
"Actor  the first Filipino-American to bring to life one of America founding fathers in the title "
"Officials: Filipino IS fighters may return home but must  the price  "
"   In America there are 21 million crimes reported annually to police, in "
"#HairGawdess Nawal spotted wearing our Raw Filipino Bundles available for purchase at "
"Filipino parents are so hard to impress yet so easy to disappoint "
"   If you ask filipino's if they support the public beatings of thieves / "
";     Navi is . . .      Filipino/a.     Lovingly with !     Androgynous; any p/ns. "
" your major must be Filipino "
"Tortang Talong is a classic Filipino dish that is common across all regions of the Philippines. It simple, rather "
"Iboboto ko soya kasi malaki utang na loob ko sa kanya dahil tinulungan niya kami sa problema namin -Random filipi "
" : Hey, UVA fans, can we at least give some love to the Filipino guy that made a brilliant pass?"
"Cesar Chavez hated undocumented immigrants and the United Farm Workers would have ships to patrol the border to sto "
"my crush looks like a tall filipino version of edwin ..........."
"Like father like son. spring in Oregon are the best. Sun out it smells like fresh mowed lawns and soon the grill "
" : What is: the University of Kentucky?#JeopardySports #MarchMadness "
" Gigil in Filipino seems to fit the bill. Not my native language so I may be a bit off."
"shoutout all my Filipino homies for breaking the stereotype that we break hearts"
" :  dude i thought you had some asian in you. like some filipino and japanese.also since i got ur attention chec"
"Naruto running through the six with my woes"
"Filipino and Chinese apologists of onerous China loans talk alike. Both dismiss as  fears of Philippine s "
" :  omg so funny but at the same time so cute binatang filipino"
"Workforce growth may give Filipino fishermen access to Iran's legal system #world #news"
"Filipino or italiano for today? "
"BLACKPINK - 'BLACKPINK DIARIES' EP.4 "
"I checked in at WonderCon on #Yelp "
" : Pwede ba? Stop this filipino time and shit. Waiting and expecting for nothing is not even fucking funny "
"    Very good looking. Filipino men are beautiful to look at haha"
"the mystery of filipino parties: you leave the party and come home to a fridge filled with enough food to host your own party"
"my 18th birthday present to myself is getting a tattoo of my star sign on my ankle, my filipino mom was like  "
"Sarap sa feeling na kami lang ni mama ang filipino dito sa street namin. Walang chismosa, walang kaaway, walang back stabban "
"I not Filipino anymore "
"Aaron Neville charted twice in the 90s. Neal McCoy (half Filipino) charted 32 times (2 # 1s) between 1988 &amp; 2011. C "
"My Filipino mom when she was pregnant with me |              ||              ||               | "
"    The only thing you should be hurt by is the video that was "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
" : Coast Guard rescues Filipino captain off east coast "
"hi im a filipino trans man who almost five months on testosterone! happy #tdov &amp; #transdayofvisibilty to all my t "
"We are more than halfway through our goal thanks to you beautiful humans!  HUGS + HIGH 5s  YOU ALL!  Filipin "
"i meant sot day  specifically not specially bshdvshvd "
"do i have any filipino mutuals bc i made something on main that making me CRY but nobody gets it"
"Am I really eating pancit at 10:30am rn........have a good meal........ Filipino birthdays really be like tha "
"America assurance has removed a major snag in relations between Washington and Manila; and that seems to have app "
"Filipino.#foodpockets #lumpia #samosa "
"    Thank you for explaining yourself, it unfortunate that on "
"any filipino bts gc /or/ lgbt bts gc out there?? i need to socialize more lol "
"Cute Filipino Kids and Their Favorite Cartoon Characters "
"Can we get a Filipino Disney Princess, I think that would be pretty cool"
"happy #TransDayOfVisibility ! i bri, a nb filipino-black artist who trying to make a living off their art and c "
"    Read my profile I Filipino and Hispanic too but nice try tho "
"Well said Just sad that the reason why others don want Fumiya-kun to be Batch winner is because he is not Filip "
"filipino moots: unmute .. ur welc "
"Y know you in a Filipino party when there karaoke playing"
"The reason why I can stand watching Filipino shows is bc they still be performing blackface..like what and how tf "
"Paano isalin sa Filipino ang  Fools Day? Abril ng mga Tanga ngayong araw? Araw ng mga Tanga sa Abril? O Ara "
"If he Filipino, I disappointed but not surprised. Filipinos have the ugliest personalities; at best they pas "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"    So therefore, I'm sorry that your experience with Fili "
"That Cesar Chavez inspires many is undeniable and hopefully that leads to a deeper exploration.  reality is a "
" : The late #SFSU history professor Dawn Mabalon book about Filipino American labor organizer Larry Itliong was featured in an art"
"    If my family (Filipino) heard about the ones you're ta "
"Aint even no asian markets around here i want some mf Filipino food!!!!!!!!!"
"its been a whole week and the bruises on my legs from arc are still there and im really feeling the judgement from "
" : being half filipino is so fun bc you can either hear workers talk shit about costumers or them complimenting you without them kn"
"GRAHAM FROM GOURMET HOUND IS FILIPINO AND I'M ONLY REALIZING THAT NOW LMAO"
" :  uma pena, mas o Trump, o Bolsonaro, o Netanyhahu, o Maduro, o Putin, o , o Erdogan, o pr saudita, o hoteleiro do"
"    I live in San Diego but my second home is Murrieta bec "
"Is there any bi European or Filipino guy in Riyadh for a special fun? If anyone, pls DM me. It's indeed for a special encounter "
"Chinese, Japanese, Indonesian, Filipino, Oromo. A lot of people think I look Blasian but I don see it... "
"When its comes in singing, dont dare to give microphones to a filipino   "
" : #Filipino no es celebrar peque victorias,es levantarse tras Grandes derrotas mas que nunca #VamosMiGranada https:/"
"how similar are we?  - scorpio - 1999 - born in october - ahgarmy - multi - yo "
"Today on #CesarChavezDay, we remember a man who alongside both other latino as well as filipino farmworkers, and fe "
" Being a teacher (of language, English or the Filipino language). I will be graduating High School in t "
": Ma armastan sind: Afgreki: Mahal kita.: Je t'aime: Rakastan sinua "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"this cute little Filipino dude working in the counter at daiso was tryna flirt with me but my mom was next to me, nice try"
"Protip: When you have just visited the #Philippines, mention it to the Filipino front desk clerk &amp; you will get the biggest room "
"Toxic Filipino culture: mga batang nagsusuntukan sa kalsada sa harap ng maraming tao, pero ni isa sa mga mal "
"hey tl lets do this: pts ults infinite pts asian/ filipino specially pts from canada pts has coffee add "
"Londres is London in Filipino language."
"Juan Happy Love Story? Is this the Filipino version of Nisekoi"
" : This type of Filipino boys &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;  "
"He ate tuna eye and tuna sperm. I am DISGUSTED. Mike still my boy tho.  TUNA TAIL &amp; Filipino Food Tour in Da "
"Kung ano anong mga Filipino words tinuturo ko kay bestie na tuloy ako binabara HAHAHAHA"
"this filipino restaurant doesnt have mango juice OR calamansi juice im disappointed"
" : if you and your friends don insult each other for majority of the time you spend together are you even friends"
"Toxic Filipino mindset "
" : Posted this on Tik Tok and it didn do as good as I wanted it, so here this for y "
" : Filipino parties have the best food  "
" Ah that would've been my second guess. Thai's and Pinoys have similar features. I'm 1/4 Filipino, that's why I asked."
"  I really do not know how to explain it to an outsider, but Metro Manila is super packed wi "
" uma pena, mas o Trump, o Bolsonaro, o Netanyhahu, o Maduro, o Putin, o , o Erdogan, o pr saudita, o ho "
"8. nationality - filipino!!"
" : Ulan- filipino- Nadine Lustre, Carlo Aquino- story of a girl's adventures about love- full of imagery and symbolism- ver"
"I miss bidets with the heated seats and the privacy sounds. Tabos &amp; the spray on a chain are just the bootleg Filipino version."
"I love watching this guy eat. Makes me HOnGRY every time. TUNA TAIL &amp; Filipino Food Tour in Davao Philippine "
"  I always think if someone is having a bad day. To be honest, you're a whole lot more polit "
"OOooHhhhhHH RIGHT BET Y'ALL DIDN'T KNOW I'M ACTUALLY FILIPINO HHHGHGHHGHGAHHAHAHAHH-"
" : Apple juice way better than orange juice don  me"
"filipino relatives rlly be asking for too much when they don even give back"
"filipino movies be makin me realize a lotta shit"
" : LSU track team is built different(via )://t.co/0n46JEkLv6"
" ive never heard anything more filipino than this"
" : Any attempt to glorify Bato dela Rosa is an insult to the thousands of victims of EJKs, their families, and the entire Fil"
"  Aww that's too bad! Mythology Class is really good. It's an urban fiction that talks about "
"Went out and stuffed my face with Filipino food and now it raining. That a recipe for a bomb ass nap."
"everyone is doing this so-dancer-bisexual-slytherin-asian (+10 if ur filipino)-allerg "
" : y I was dying at this shit all night "
" : Cultural Adaptation of a Scalable World Health Organization EMental Health Program for Overseas Filipino Workers.: Ele"
"#bbceurofooty Paulino Alc.  The Filipino legend that is."
"#PBBOTSO #TeamLAYF I like about this batch is the fact that each member of the Big 4 represents a different w "
"TransCycle: Filipino, Luxembourgish, Esperanto, Indonesian, Sinhala, Filipino, Catalan, Italian, Khmer"
"el camarada fernando martin,y sus tres acolitos javier hurtado carmona,manuel sanchez redondo ivan y el filipino qu "
"filipino melon drink &gt;&gt;&gt; melon agua fresca"
"  In the Philippines. We live in the Philippines. I'm curious tho. Do you get Trese? Mytholo "
" : rt or like if u want to be included in the filo bfu gc. cmon guys lets get this jollibee. rules are:- filipino- no fi"
"where are my filipino djs to give me a good trap remix of Lupang Hinirang"
"   Amen feel the same and I have a Mexican son in law yes legal lol his family "
" : people who do this are weird as fuck LOL "
" 80 except Filipino and born in 01"
"  Well it's just the fact that she's not only a Filipino woman, but in this art she somehow n "
"Lo de cantar ser un pobre intento por tu parte, teniendo en cuenta que en este pa, incluso cuando cantan para ha "
"  Our comics are international, so we get them from all over the world. Same for my gf. She's "
"s/o to my filipino peeps that longanisa with egg and rice for breakfast be hittin different"
"7 #Filipino #Politicians Who Have #Celebrity Wives! #7 Is Everyone's Favorite Couple! "
"oh no...that was a terrible accent when she said   how can u do the heavy filipino accent when speaking "
"me: filipino movies are corny and melodramatic  me: *laughs and cries every time*"
"Is it merienda yet? I made #Filipino #InstantPot Kuchinta in half the time, as we laze around on a Sunday afternoon "
" : which is a bigger flex? for airpods, for rich boy winston on route 104 using a full restore on his level 7"
" : IS-affiliated militants in the Philippines claim clashes with army, saying more than 30 soldiers were killed or wounded in"
"I literally got in the car and my parent's somehow caused unnecessary drama and now I'm being lectured  I swear Fi "
"I have never felt more disappointed in myself as a wife to a Filipino until Ryan opened the cabinet &amp; we didn have rice "
"Alright introduction (1/2 or 3)-Hello...I Mai Tchaikovsky El-I am a mother of two beautiful children and "
"The Filipino have made it to #Netflix. Ma, get rid of your #TFC bundle. If you #Filipino, you get what this "
"yoooooooo season 3 episode 14 of grimm is about tiktik!!! started with a ticking sound and the pregnant couple had filipino english accent "
" I like Kandy. I choose to go by Kiki most days now.[Like Kiki's Delivery Service, childhood fave] I' "
"Tweet translated to Estonian, Maltese, Kiswahili, Kiswahili, Bangla, Filipino, Chinese Simplified, Cantonese (Tradi "
"Sex discussions still taboo in Filipino homes  "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"Heading to a family party and I always make 3 bags of these veggie gyoza from Trader Joe's. Everyone loves them, an "
"Nick's on Grand (SSF) is by far the best vegan Filipino food I've ever had. "
" : How Americans encourage their kids VS. How Filipino encourages their kids  "
"Literally me when I watch Filipino shows and movies  "
"ube sorbet! . that fun to say!  and even better as a spoonful in your mouth!  it our version of the trad "
"Slain Filipino IS militant Abu Bilal al-Ansari, possibly killed in recent claimed clashes with the army in Lanao de "
"Now I introducing Mum to the classic film Got 2 Believe, one of the first Filipino movies I ever watched and enjo "
"Photographs of IS-aligned militants during and after clashes with the Filipino army in Lanao del Sur: "
" I,   Filipino American and my fellow Americans, people, students, children of "
"to be filipino means you either be stupidly funny or stupidly boring, no in between "
"Filipino girls really got all that attitude for no reason. Y'all better calm your 4'10 self down before someone thr "
" : ang pangit ng teacher ko sa filipino hahahatanginamodelacruzhahahaaha"
"this white lady said she was filipino and said her HOODED eyes were  lmaoooo"
"I met Randy Gonzales one random day in the streets of NYC a couple years ago. He was shooting for his company that "
" Filipino food !!! "
"Foreigners in Korea keep asking me why I'll say American words with an Asian accent and it's like just because I'm "
"When eating Filipino food you don look, you just eat"
"Though #CesarChavezDay isn't a day to celebrate Filipino Americans, we should remember them too. It was the strengt "
"  I,   Filipino American and my fellow ppl of color with different race, etc. We "
"My mum doesn give a fuck I sent her a pic of me with a new haircut (photoshop) and she said it wasn nice and th "
"   It's okay. I just realized some people cannot distinguish lighter skinned filipin "
" I read that in a Filipino accent"
" : melly just called mark filipino"
"all these Filipino movies on Netflix make me rethink my emotional stability"
" Filipino on Filipino crime "
"im a female filipino immigrant and i still gotta do this until im probably 25 years old "
" I hate your Filipino ppl "
"Church with Tess Panado then lunch...  eating lunch at TJ Filipino Cuisine "
"  I,   Filipino American and fellow people of color with different race, etc. "
"melly just called mark filipino"
"Cristeta Comerford, a Filipino-American, has been the White House Executive Chef since 2005. She is the first women "
"the third filipino i saw on my tl today doing this "
"AC, trans nonbinary, they, 28. 1st-gen American. Child of Filipino immigrants. Advocate and educator. "
"    One last thing, before I go! The Mars Ravelo foundation is a-okay with "
" The Filipino nurses at my hospital call it a banana.   your banana."
" : #BREAKINGNEWS  will be performing with their sister group #MNL48 on their first ever major concert  The"
"Filipino parenting culture really traumatized me. I get so triggered from watching it in Filipinos movies"
" Est fino filipino,rabo moruno!!!"
"Today review finds Filipino turo turo Upstate! Sure it in an unmarked Remsen Street building and only available "
"happy #TransDayOfVisibility2019 from your fav genderqueer filipino you white + have money and you see this: "
" : #UPzSummerWorkshop2019 BREED WORLD CHAMPIONS. THE FIRST FILIPINO TEAM THAT BROUGHT YOU WORLD OF DANCE SEASON 3, WE AL"
"    Youre not from the PH so ok, but things dont work that way like i "
"Ang araw na ito ay para sa pinakadakilang bayaning Filipino (all other days para naman sa best president in the gal "
" special #homemade #Simukmani #RiceCake : #Sinukmani or also known as  (Filipino Rice Cake) is a "
"At the Club Filipino this afternoon... volunteers for #OtsoDiretso now ready to rock 'n roll sa campaign!  "
" : Filipino parents when you lock your door    "
" : Someone with artistic capabilities should draw Duterte with a Chinese flag riding a jetski towards the Philippines with Chin"
"Itinuturong dahilan ng paglabas sa lungga ng mga ahas ay ang nararanasang mainit na panahon na dala ng El Ni. "
"Your So great neneth your me so proud very filipino callimg them ma'am and sir. Thats very filipino so respectful . "
" : Billy Corgan rides a rollercoaster "
"Since my move to Swindon, I haven't been home very much. On days I was home, my husband cooked dinner. Tonight I am "
" : Ayy I'm a filipino trans dude (he/him) and I promise im better at art then taking selfies fhjfjs draw alotta weird art a"
" : You be calling these Filipino Fuckbois  pero meron silang mga muta. "
"  Lol the next time u in a hospital don expect a Filipino nurse to help save ur life"
"It to many Filipino in here for me"
"    Ooohhh is cuz zey whittee I seee, and if it light Asian it no good I se "
"Bruh, the whole time I was at the aquarium my mom, being Filipino and everything, kept commenting on which fish she "
"    And the point of the thread and hashtag IS to ask for diversity. becau "
" : galawang filipino yeah"
"are you full filipino?  IF YOU'RE FROM THE PHILIPPINES, WHY ARE YOU WHITE lol jk i get this a lot, i'm full filipi "
" when did i say that? i said he looks more filipino than canadian, in other words, he is canadian, bu "
"When #Filipino #journalist #PiaRanada fell into a ditch and injured her leg on election day, May 9, 2016, the presi "
" So now I have to be Filipino to know anything about the place or that one super hero?? That's crazy!"
"But you kind of did when you said brownie points on the artwork. I was kind of surprised at first for someone to ta "
"i love how webtoons get recognized by filipino people sana madagdagan pa mga nagbabasa to support our beloved creators "
"Traditional Filipino Food at home! "
"nude sexy teen nude lake tattooed nude girls ebony sexy models girl selling virginity online filipino sex  naked wh "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
" english, filipino, a lil bit of mandarin and french and still learning korean and japanese"
"#MahalKita #6Words #VinceKathJames #StarCinema #Netflix #Filipino #Philippines #Love "
"Does this happen often? Does she fuck you a lot? / Dude, Filipino hookers don't get fucked the way I do."
"galawang filipino yeah"
" Half Filipino &amp; Irish. "
"More Filipino households set aside their money for savings in the first quarter, according to the Bangko Sentral ng "
" Iconic filipino energy  looks fun and y'all look cute!!!"
"straight Filipino boys are so mfing corny"
" Wisdom: FILIPINO SUBJECT IS SNACK TIME...... miss u mdm lau "
"Really enjoyed this movie. Had tears in my eyes sniff sniff #VinceKathJames #Filipino #RomCom #StarCinema #Netflix "
"   Well it didn't say that in the wiki, but I could look again. It's not like being "
"There nothing like Filipino comfort food! Miss it so much #foodie #pinoypride "
" : Kundi b naman mga ewan! Isinisi sa Duterte admin ang pambubully sa Filipino fishermen sa WPS, eh nagcmula yan nun pnahon ni"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"Maam are you filipino?  silaaaaa hahah"
"  Just had to explain to a Filipino why that might be funny. Never heard of that."
" : filipino boys are AMAZING... as friends &amp; only friends"
" I'm black/filipino BTFO narcissist. Lets call everyone racist and bigot, it's bound to s "
"yuck filipino boys are actually so gross LMFAO ladies i don't recommend"
"   I mean why not? the tag was literally created so that artists could express wha "
"  fue el filipino?  FESTIVO."
"I mean why not? the tag was literally created so that artists could express what they wanted to see with Darna? It "
" I 100% Filipino and I concur!"
"Same 54 yo man met his Filipino gf on tinder in the Philippines. He is applying for the K-9 visa. 90 day fianc anyone?"
"  Btw im black/filipino so go play that racist card somewhere else. I'm pretty sure "
"I gotten: -White-Filipino-Samoan-Mexican who thinks I Asian needs to get out more. Completely "
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 | "
"i heard the infamous fyre festival is coming back. i just hope they won't mess things up this time cuz if they did "
"For all Filipino Fans of Astro you are free to join the Fb group just click the link below://t.co/PO1iNKyk2o"
" : We all had an awesome time here in the Philippines creating content for the whole world to enjoy. Our Filipino fans are A"
"Can some rich Filipino open a jollibee in Philadelphia?"
"Look hows  got amazed after Changing his Voice lol proud to a filipino here  "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"Ubos na English ko sa kape-paper, UP, puro Filipino na tweets ko."
" : Listen to your neighbourhood guy  on  discuss his #MLA campaign, civic engagement, advanced polling in"
" This is such a Filipino thing, lord maybe it just me but Filipino people are the kindest but only "
"Sharing my appreciation for this filipino heroine! #SigawDarna ! "
"ANG HULING EL BIMBO, THE MUSICAL is not just a musical play but a masterpiece which reminded every one of their for "
" : It so awkward when other Filipinos are about to talk shit about you then they realize you Filipino too. I just stared at t"
"By Robert Requintina Filipino businessman will represent the Philippines in the Mr. Gay World 2019 pageant which "
"You know, vampires are cool and all but I could never be one as a Filipino. Too much fucking garlic in my veins. As "
"Listen to your neighbourhood guy  on  discuss his #MLA campaign, civic engagement, advanced polli "
" Ww? Ay kala ko yunh ni-release na filipino movies sa netflix ay ww na?"
"It so awkward when other Filipinos are about to talk shit about you then they realize you Filipino too. I just "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"In Filipino, komunidad produces empathy and moves me to cry"
" Have you cooked Filipino food yet? #Pinay"
" omg so funny but at the same time so cute binatang filipino"
"*Sits in on monthly EO observance with my team that consists of 3x whites, 1x Venezuelan, 1x black, 1x Filipino, 1x "
" : Ulan by Direk Irene Villamor is a great film. Everything about it is nice most especially the cinematography, it's something t"
"The How of Us  of the best Filipino ever made!  #Kathniel fan!#TheHowsOfUs #DanielPadilla #KathrynBernardo"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"Hey, UVA fans, can we at least give some love to the Filipino guy that made a brilliant pass?"
"Ongina and jiggly tweeting in filipino. I lived! Itayo ang bandera mga baklaaaaa  "
" reading the comments and i guess it a common filipino thing??? lmaoooo"
"These managers are a joke. They will praise staff that are the same nationality or speak the same language but when "
"You be calling these Filipino Fuckbois  pero meron silang mga muta. "
"(They/Them) Hello girls, gays, and theys I Salem. I 23 years old and half Filipino, I officially identified "
"Sci-fi, Science Filipino ganon "
"inayskitchenrestaurant #inayskitchen  some Filipino food!   Inay's Kitchen -  Filipino Food Restauran "
" : Next Generation of Filipino Basketball*sorry po sa blurred na pagkuha, na istar strak lang po ako! po kuya "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"lmao can i change my senior quote to my filipino senses r tingling"
"According to the study, it was found out that mothers are not only sleeping less, but they are also reportedly feel "
" Di baaa. (You're filipino, right? Haha.) I'm still undecided on what photo to use. "
"Diokno says gov should protect Filipino fishermen against harassment in West PH "
" : CHALLENGE IDEA!!! recently we did the 150-Peso challenge where we have to budget 150 pesos for the food of 4 people."
"I AM GOING TO FUCKING THROW UP!!!!!!!! AND I SAID no thanks i'm not into that n he said into what? and i said  "
"THE UGLIEST!!!!!! AND I MEAN THE UGLIEST!!!!!! GUY JUST CAME UP TO ME AND SAID MY FILIPINO SENSES WERE TINGLING SO "
"your filipino meatballs cried  "
" : My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 |"
"FILIPINO WOMEN GOT THAT SPLASH"
"    I stand for what's best for this country. Hinde lang naman ako a "
"Wensha Spa Timog, your turn #massage#pinoy#filipino "
"Hotel Review Coron Soleil Garden Resort Soleil Garden is a new four star premium Resort on the beautiful Fil "
"This type of Filipino boys &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;  "
"These Senate aspirants vow to risk lives to defend West Philippine Sea CNN Philippines Staff Mar 31, 20 "
"filipino bitches so "
" bhantellxanarchy"
"Just finished 3 out of I dunno how many fil movies I've been meaning to watch &amp; BITCH ALL I CAN IS SUPPO LOCAL MO "
"Nagbebenta po ako ng Filipino pastries pm nalang kung sino gusto tumikim sa akin  ang Bastos  haha  pasensya na haha "
"Ganda ng Eerie. Not your typical Filipino Horror Movie "
"omg i don want to sound dumb but what does  mean?  THIS WAS SENT OVER A WEEK AGO IM SO SORRY ANON (AND NO "
" :  Filipino-American postdoc  studying terrestrial paleoclimate, geochemistry and the water cycle. I'm"
"Got my 23andme results, and I found out Im part Indonesian, Thai, and Chinese on top of being Filipino and Spanish! "
"Had a Filipino lunch with Viet. friends, shopped for Turkish pastries, filled up at the Sri Lankan gas bar, bought "
"   Frz tho she had me shook"
"My dad and grandmother picked produce alongside Cesar Chavez and other #Mexican and #Filipino leaders in the "
"If on campus  on April 2,2019 check out A Filipino Cultural Event  Cerritos College "
"We honor the life &amp; legacy of #CesarChavez. He was ahead of his time as he worked w/ Dolores Huerta to create the U "
"Napaka-short sighted ng mga may-ari ng water companies sa atin. Invest on making water from the faucet potable. Lak "
"Supa hot fiya filipino edition "
" I am filipino boy "
" She has foreign blood? That means she more a foreigner than a Filipino. Although some Filipinos can al "
" : American kids introducing their boyfriend VS. Filipino/Asian kids introducing their boyprens  "
"Calling me mahal (love) is too Filipino... but it's cute ig haha"
" : Wow! The Holy Spirit moves through this Bishop!://t.co/uQwIjSSosT "
" Aww, I don't take advantage of it as much as I should.. There's not a whole lot of Filipino markets/re "
"Gusto ko mag filipino hahaha charot"
" : posibleng hindi ka filipino dati kung mabilis kang matuto o makaintindi ng foreign language"
"Wow! The Holy Spirit moves through this Bishop!://t.co/uQwIjSSosT "
"Filipino is waving at me  "
"four sisters and seven sundays are top tier filipino films i'd watch all the time "
"Hab un filipino muy cool que me trato super duper y me dec que era as de divertido porque es estupido y yo e "
"Imagine Choukoku reciting a Filipino balagtas after knocking someone out."
"Stayed up this late watching filipino funny tiktok compilations, what is wrong with me?"
"truly a one of a kind love story that will have you laughing and crying your heart out at the same time. (first fil "
" did you decide on filipino? please report back if so as i am still in mourning over the filipino place that closed a decade ago now"
"Knowing that Bruno Mars is part Filipino makes me happy"
"In order of most frequently mistaken for to rarely: , Mexican, Salvadorian, Dominican, Filipino, Puerto Ri "
" everything except extrovert but observant, college student, and filipino but im going back to school soon "
"Late night / AM capture : Top down &amp; was looking at the moon  Little moments like this will make me smile  "
"la pa din say ang rap ng ex b sa filipino mom na galit"
" filipino :))) wowowoow "
"Syempre joke lang, filipino time eh "
"this guy said he wanted to marry me last night and i said my mom doesn't like mexicans. and he said ...... na i'm filipino. "
"#MyPhBoy ctto 3 lean muscles://t.co/LM8eonolBZ my accounts ig/tw  fb/yt  My "
" : FILIPINO ARMYS WHERE ARE U NA MGA CHONG ANO FOLLOW KO KAYO DALI AT NG MAKAPAGYUGYUGAN NA NAMAN TAYONG LAHAT AT MAKAPAGIN"
"Fotos espectaculares, muy buena recopilaci de datos...pero no hay ni un testimonio de un residente (nacido, llega "
" I've just found out what it is! Basically some years ago a comic about a Pinay superhero -- Darna -- cam "
"wow. i love filipino boys "
" Everything has been stated time and time again. There is nothing new left to say, as still nothing "
"chinese rican from south america? i like.. ind "
" i grew up here in canada so i don really feel all that filipino "
"  Maybe you can explain how the son  of a Filipino immigrant who identifies as a Seminole is a white nationalist."
"Filipino-American Association of Northeast Georgia (FAANEGA).  Members of FAANEGA are Filipinos, Americans, and oth "
"My dad does taxes and his clientele is 90% filipino. I love how every conversation starts with taxes and ends with Laker talk."
" : you don't look Filipino I supposed to look like halo halo and lechon? "
" Calm down. I was referring to the fact he is half Filipino. "
"Kung may kakantahin ka para kay Rainier, ano yon?  Dalagang filipino yeah! Hahahahahahaha "
"Watching some Filipino movies "
" : [ICYMI] BI officers at NAIA stopped 30 Filipino tourists from flying to United Arab Emirates UAE for allegedly planning to wor"
"My filipino mom when she preggy |              ||              ||               |                 | "
" : filipino: kapatid na lalaki oras"
"Help me out Filipino Twitter. Does anybody know how I can get both the TFC AND GMA channels without a cable box sub "
"you don't look Filipino I supposed to look like halo halo and lechon? "
"I need some Filipino breakfast."
"Is one's race a part of WOD's qualifications now? Being a Pinoy or a foreigner is not the basis of their scoring. A "
" Filipino mom "
"your filipino prince charming #embracetheLGBTQ "
"Ngayon nalang ulit ako nakanood ng Filipino horror film na napapikit, napatakip at napa squint ako ng mata. PLUS ma "
"Keeping my mum company this afternoon watching SUKOB, often referred to as the  Filipino horror movie ev "
"Yes! Medicare and Medicaid also increased the demand for #nurses, and along with new #immigration legislation in 19 "
"Twitch Prime: Gives free Nintendo Switch Online months: Needs US payment method*cries in Filipino* "
"Naiinis ako pag naaalala ko mag tatalumpati pa sa Filipino tapos di ko pa kabisado. Helloooo my cortex is damaged"
"//if you're Filipino then you'll understand this sgzksbsj// "
"2log nanaman sa filipino ye"
"  Wag na. Baka pasikatin mo pa sa Filipino Vines eh"
" : there were so many moments that wasn't included in BP Diaries manila but here u go(1) of coarse their filipino greetings"
" : CAN'T WAIT FOR MY FILIPINO FOLKS TO WAKE UP AND WATCH THE MV ALREADY. NEED SOMEONE TO SAY PUTANGINA WITH SINCE I'M HERE"
"Bakit po titirit ng kayumangging ibon?  Tiririt means huni or tunog ng ibon na nagrerepresent  sa mga tweets ko. "
" Filipino admin?"
"toxic filipino family culture?  ginawa mo na lahat para maging proud sila pero kinocompare ka pa din sa iba "
" : Team raider, team dalagang filipino,           ameeeeen "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
" :  ELEVATE -American visual artist Louis De Guzman demonstrates the versatility of his Geometric Abstraction s"
"ay ewan ko sa inyo, malamang Filipino tayo uso nga pala satin ang mawalan ng respeto"
" As a Filipino... no comprende lol"
" I a Leo , love coffee and I not filipino Canadian heheh"
" shes not even that cute Filipino girls are gorgeous she wishes"
" im barely filipino tho jsksksk"
" and  inspire me and make me so proud to be Filipino "
"CAN'T WAIT FOR MY FILIPINO FOLKS TO WAKE UP AND WATCH THE MV ALREADY. NEED SOMEONE TO SAY PUTANGINA WITH SINCE "
" : LEC: It happens. Unfortunately it was not our day. Of course I'm extremely disappointed. A very hard one to take but thanks to the"
"what language do u speak?  english, filipino, japanese, korean (not fluent), spanish. "
" I'm so sorry you had to see this side of Philippine trash. As a fellow Filipino I'm disgusted. "
"Well that sucked for LeClerc... Goodnight to everyone except Mercedes #BahrainGP "
"TOP 1 IN MATH IN FILIPINO IN SCIENCE IN ENGLISH PUNCTUAL GENEROUS LANG MA HAP "
"Ano pinaka fave mong filipino dish  ikaw jokeee seafoods lang na lutong pinoyy "
" Clearly my family was white genocided because my niece has one child with her Filipino husband and "
"22. Love language idk like Filipino or someshit"
"New sinigang video up on Youtube!! This is one of my favorite Filipino dishes!! #Filipinofood #Filipino #Datenight://t.co/G4yJo2RRlg"
"  it's a filipino meme making fun of our middle school cringey ass poses or self ,in general "
"Y'all should watch Eerie!!! Such a good Filipino horror movie. Not your typical jumpscare kind-of horror film. "
" :  Grande Manolo sab palabras ese es el verdadero filipino"
"In Filipino we say: Kulang sa dasal ang Ferrari!!  #BahrainGP"
"UBE HALAYA (FILIPINO PURPLE YAM PUDDING) #food "
" : Oh no. Double no. #RSspirit #BahrainGP"
" ELEVATE -American visual artist Louis De Guzman demonstrates the versatility of his Geometric Abstra "
"  I was there 2 years ago and the consul I met categorically told me that at this time "
"Sa isip ko pa  Sir wala na pong bago. Accounting 3, banking and Finance 4, Filipino delicates narin. Chill lang ak "
"How similar are we????- 02 liner- Filipino- Iced Coffee is - Scorpio- Tae biased "
" : filipino lessons, n (po like in police, gi like in give): handsome "
"Binalikan niya ang panahon nung magkasintahan at magkatrabaho pa sila. ...nakita ko na sisikat , iiwan ako nito "
" : A first podium finish for Leclerc but not the step he would have hoped for  take their second 1-2 of the season at a d"
"Filipino fishermen urged to avoid Panatag shoal  the meantime ://t.co/3q9BE08kos"
"toxic filipino mindset "
"The Filipino Sheerios are simply amazing! Earlier today (Sunday), they held their first charity event, One Sheeriou "
"Thank you you to all our guests last night for their support. I love sharing my passion for cooking and the Filipin "
"or just filipino food in general i miss my parents cooking i tired of dis"
"--&gt; filipino kaarawan, mahal kita, ikaw ay espesyal sa akin"
" Yo i fucking asked that question why tf would u answer it in filipino "
"i a filipino! well i actually live in america lol but i don speak tagalog at home but i do speak english a lot lmao"
"hmmmm sure! i havent done this before but i never been particularly shy about it, SO! #TransDayOfVisibility! i "
" : Manicurist &amp; Nail Technician (Female) Name: Afrina Group of Companies: Filipino, Vietnamese &amp; Rus"
"batang filipino challenge "
" EVERY FILIPINO KNOWS THIS: tumingin ka kutos ka#JustForJunhoeDay #SassahJamGA#PrideOfiKON "
" : TONIGHT: Celebrating 46 years of Filipino heritage radiating in beauty that had flourished from our ancestors deepest st"
" RIGHT!! I Filipino and I get pretty tanned and probably more so than those cosplayers but I still do "
" :  So what case should be filed against Gabunada? Ressa has cyber libel, tax evasion and violation of anti dummy la"
"Filipino flyweight contender Danny The King Kingad earned a tough decision win over Japan's Senzo Ikeda at ONE: A "
" : Anthony-Pablo Deconstruction of Federico Garcia Lorca Blood Wedding Translation by Anthony Dusaban "
"Here a recap on 's sports, fitness, and wellness stories of the previous week, from March 23 to 29, 2019, "
" : ling, Studio max, Photo Shop and Sketch up is a must, fluent English Speaker and Good Communication Skills.Education:"
" :  I,   Filipino American nagpapasalamat po ako kay  Aking Kababayan sa #Ph"
" normal verme como filipino en mi pasaporte?"
"Filipino Rottenella"
" : When Jason Kenney comes up in a conversation with Filipino-Albertans in Fort Saskatchewan:  know what he done."
" : how similar are we???  - march baby - loves writing stories - jinhwi shipper - misses wanna one - winkdeep s"
" as Filipino Dishes (a thread) SOON"
" English,Tagalog,Bisaya(filipino dialect),korean and a little bit of spanish"
" : My Filipino mom was more like                        |             ||              ||               |                 |"
" HAHAHAHAHAHA hawod kaayo teee oyyps! First time nako mahadlok na filipino horror movie juskoOoO jod namatay jod kog shagit didto"
" I do my best to be a good Filipino para you stay, here."
" Positive externality of Latino influence for Filipino names?"
"My Filipino mom was more like                        |             ||              ||               | "
"as u scroll through the hashtag of sigaw darna u can see how amazing filipino artists are"
"never actually thought na kg caught millions of filipino hearts, akala ko sobrang corny ko na naghihintay sa yt ng "
" :   Lol and that Filipino people are only nice to them (foreigners) and not to each other. "
" : filipino street food will never go out of style."
"does anyone have a site to watch filipino movies besides netflix :("
"I want filipino for massage in dammam"
"// I really want to watch the #CokeStudioSummerConcert  please give me tix !  i want to witness the "
" : been listening to filipino songs lately and i feel like im back in my  days but badder "
"Im so kilig  to our investors! Presenting to you the project developer of #MesaverteResidences "
"Lean A Filipino Musical's entire sountrack is on Spotify. This is revolutionary 'di ko na kailangang makinig sa youtube lyric video HAHA"
" : Im Filipino/German but its ridiculous the amount of things that I get away with living in the Philippines. I can wear any"
"I know some of you may think Filipino films are too , romanticized issues paired with love teams for bett "
" its your own battle not the battle of the filipino people, we know who's your boss"
"Happy #TransDayOfVisibility ! I'm a non binary black &amp; filipino cosplayer that really loves dressing up as mostly f "
"  Like literally"
"IM PROUD OF MYSELF BECAUSE I GET THIS FILIPINO REFERENCE AND I CANT FRAKING BREATHE "
" I not racist but I fucking knew they were Filipino  I work with them and can believe how ignor "
"Filipino parents be funny as hell  cap  "
" Filipino daddy"
"skl,, yung leyben kasi nagplano ng masasayang activities kasi onti nalang yung time na magkakasama kami,, agawan ba "
"Golfing with Maui HS classmates David Anzai and Alejandro Lazo at the Annual Scholarship Golf Tournament sponsored "
"  I,   Filipino American living in #Malden, MA and my family to no "
"  So how the resolution? Have you now done your research? Isn it shameful to know that "
" Ayoko nanunuod ng filipino movies kung hindi indie film eh "
"  fruit natural teas polish #European given all #native friends #Filipino #Chinese #Swedish etc # lord fill you "
"Military disputes reported harassment of Filipino fishers in Scarborough  "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
" : Are you a Filipino citizen? "
" 80- I not Filipino nor an 01 liner but ,, veggie haters unite &lt;3"
"[ICYMI] BI officers at NAIA stopped 30 Filipino tourists from flying to United Arab Emirates UAE for allegedly plan "
"  Schneider Who is also half Filipino"
"gusto nating mawala yung filipino time pero ang hirap nating tanggalin ang thinking na late yan magsisimula tapos "
"Maging siya ay naghihintay rin sa magandang balitang ito. don know yet. Just stay tuned. I hope to. "
" I don like action movies I love coffees I wanna open a cafe Filipino   I like to bake 50/50 Soft an "
"Magprepare pakos filipino presentation nakoo fook :(("
"#BREAKINGNEWS  will be performing with their sister group #MNL48 on their first ever major concert  "
" : Nasan na kaya yung respeto ng mga filipino."
" find a nurse. so any filipino woman"
"Fighting Filipino Cinema 0^^0)/#MARIAMovie #mustwatch#SupportLocalFilms #VivaFilms "
"   Home is Ghana &amp; Voice telecast is delayed. I look fwd to all ur performances. "
" : And I think about this every time see Hawaiian rolls n the moral is YALL SO QUICK TO JUDGE FOOD YALL AINT EVEN TRIED N MAK"
"TUCP slams special envoy for labor twit: The Trade Union Congress of the Philippines has urged the government to st "
"TUCP slams special envoy for labor twit: The Trade Union Congress of the Philippines has urged the government to st "
" : Botong Matalino para sa kinabukasan ng bawat Filipino at ng ating bansang Pilipinas  and Share  "
" : Were you able to enjoy #MystifiedOnIFLIX at home or on-the-go lately? If not, then now's your chance to do it since it"
"SUPPO FILIPINO AISTS!!!!!! "
"oomfies how similar are we  - filipino - 05 liner - multilingual - ult hueningkai and tae "
"SUPPO FILIPINO AISTS!!!!!! "
"SUPPO FILIPINO AISTS!!!!! "
"yall i want to be in a filipino gc im desperate for new filo fwends"
" Grande Manolo sab palabras ese es el verdadero filipino"
"Ayy I'm a filipino trans dude (he/him) and I promise im better at art then taking selfies fhjfjs draw alotta wei "
"And I think about this every time see Hawaiian rolls n the moral is YALL SO QUICK TO JUDGE FOOD YALL AINT EVEN TRIE "
"oh don worry ares, i been failing filipino classes since 2000  2018"
"Ngyon nalang ulit ako nakapanuod ng nakakatakot talaga na Filipino movie. #Eerie"
" : Filipino Food: Popular Dishes of the Philippines That You Have To Try! international foodies have despised Balut"
"  Slavery has always existed since the dawn of History. Today you only have to visit the Gu "
"  You are Filipino? Have you meet Zstars and Roy??"
"sinusumpong na naman ako ng pagka-filipino ko (carmela in 1892 mode)"
"There nothing better than a day filled with sun and sakura! .......#live #love #life #laugh #light "
"Kudos to ADMU shs graduation ceremony for having a program that is in Filipino language. Admu being an english sp "
" :    Hi! Im royal pepsi, a filipino artist  I like to draw random things that i li"
" : On this day in 2015, Steph buckled CP3 with one of the meanest crossovers of his career. "
"Filipino time, always."
"Would you like to join a Filipino American organization? How about Filipino American national historical society? C "
"parang gusto ko na ring maging basic filipino at mag-adopt ng shih tzu"
"Lt. Cmdr. Liezl Vidallon, Balikatan public affairs officer on the Philippines' side, said a total of 4,000 Filipino "
"My Filipino ass would "
" OMG I THOUGHT YOU WERE MY FILIPINO MUTUAL SORRY!!!!!!! I was saying how much it broke me even tho i dont have boyfriend "
" : me in middle school "
"how similar are we? pts = loves bts nct svt itzy  pts = hoe for bts nct svt  pts = FILIPINO  pts = LOV "
" Only Filipino thing. Hahahaha"
"Every single time I drink Pilsen, I always look for the line (nakasanayan na): 'The only beer that nourishes true F "
" : You all must watch Eerie,it's the best Filipino horror movie ever "
" iw filipino horror movies."
" : Hi! I want to ask if I have Filipino mutuals here or you know who are in the following:- Filipino- In a middle class"
" : Eerie was the best Filipino Horror movie  I've watched so far "
"My Filipino and highly judgmental mom just noticed the tiniest part of my chest tattoo. Pray for me."
"Kala ko hindi na uso yung pirata pirata pero tumawag siya ngayon lang as in inakyat daw yung barko nila and may 4 n "
" : the highest echelons of American society. It is their own excellence and talent that brought them here, most likely on th"
"semi-presidential form of government here in the country. Yes, such form of government is slightly better than a pa "
"Duterte is 100% Pro-Chinese - not 100% Filipino =  Yang - 100% Chinese = of Pre "
" : A Filipino favorite: Smoked Boneless Milkfish (Bangus) served with fresh tomato slices and pickled green papaya. cour"
" : One final #Filipino meal before we leave #sandiego. A  meal  in National City. Fried chicken, grill"
" : RELLENONG BANGUS (STUFFED MILKFISH) this Filipino Stuffed Milkfish or Rellenong Bangus recipe. Deboned, flaked and re-"
"Hi #WritingCommunity I just want to share about 1 month ago I started writing again. This book is called I'm half d "
" : Part cookbook/part manifesto/part memoir, Nicole Ponseca's book is a statement of pride in Filipino identity and culina"
"filipino time!! HAHAHAHHAHAHAHA PSTE"
"      If it takes 20 years for the process yo "
" : how similar are we? pts - taehyung biased pts - army since 2016 pts - filipino army pts - loves pineapple o"
" : how similar are we? (Stole it from mutuals) - filipino  - ot7 - 4 - 00 liner - bts meme"
"I Jill. I work to create a safe and informative atmosphere for closeted and questioning Filipino LGBTQ+ individua "
"Filipino's are loyal people  "
"out of all Filipino horror movies and series, sa Eerie lang jud ko nakashagit ug taman. Mas da best pa gani sa The "
" : me falling for someone I have no chance with "
"Take a look at photos of the Archdiocesan Shrine of St. Arnold. It is the lone parish administered by Divine Word M "
" : #MissUniverse 2015 Pia Wurtzbach gamely poses for photos with her Madame Tussauds wax figure in Mandaluyong on Thursday. Wu"
"Hi Jej! Sorry to butt in! But who among the Filipino singers would you say your favorite? "
"Brown like wood, Filipino by blood."
"All these Filipino foods straight from Phils and no appetite still "
" : Will Muay Thai maestro Dejdamrong avenge his stunning knockout loss to Filipino warrior Jeremy Miado this Friday? #WeA"
" : Best filipino horror movie goes to eerie!  Sulit ang ticket!"
"Applications are now being accepted for the first Philippines Foresight Exchange Workshop-Bacolod (P4X-Bacolod)  fo "
"The greatest filipino rugby team! I love you Clark Jets since  #Manila10s #PlateDivision#Champions "
" : Henlo, Twitterniverse! Can I have 5-7 mins of your time? you are:- A Filipino citizen- Has experienced any type of natur"
": Filipino notes"
" Filipino kids be like: im gonna ask my mom first "
" : this is where boys became men "
" Broooo if you don know, I the one that did it but you can grow up cause ur not marrying a filipino lil boy"
" : Selena finna take her wand out of her boot soon "
" I love bts so much especially Jimin,bts is my happiness,bts is my life,We love you bts,Filipino Fan is here"
" nice man sya for a filipino horror movie"
"dalagang pilipina yea pero bagsak sa filipino yea"
"Literally Hapon but a Big 4 Hapon  with a pure Filipino heart that's what you are   "
"FILIPINO ARMYS ARE SO FUCKING FUNNY SKJSKSNSJSSNSNSNSNSNSNSJSNSNSNSNSJDJNSDJDJD"
" : Na imprensa israelense, visita  descrita como mais um de uma s de abra de Netanyahu em l populistas de di"
" : Not Filipino by blood but Filipino by HEA! Aishiteru Fumiya! Thank you for loving our country ! always the BIG W"
" reunited  into the Filipino . And, we were carefree again.  birthday, ! "
" : He got dropped so hard, No. 15 stood up in the bleachers (via j_dadzie/Instagram) "
"Tbh,oo nakakatakot,nakakagulat pero mas natutuwa ako sa mga reaksyon ng audience eh Si babe naman mapupunit na dam "
"Na imprensa israelense, visita  descrita como mais um de uma s de abra de Netanyahu em l populistas "
"Treshia Mae J. Timosa of Arts Major in Filipino Language  "
" I love bts so much especially Jimin,bts is my happiness,bts is my life,We love you bts,Filipino Fan is here"
"Congratulations to the PAMANA organization in Madison, Wisconsin on your awesome dance performance earlier this mon "
" : I could watch this comeback a million times and it never get old  "
" : Let's request for Filipino subs dito. We know how much Pinoys like wasak/hugot songs.   #TimeT"
" Gusto mo Filipino horror stories? Dami akong volume nun hahahhaha"
"Reflection, Seminar, Filipino, Folk Dance at FlagDance nalang para sa pre finals ang kelangan ko ano kaya sa finals"
"eerie is not the typical filipino horror film. kudos to you  and to the whole cast. : please tell er "
"hello you all think this is a joke filipino girls join my indie gg dm me  "
" Filipino and English (I want to learn Korean, Spanish,  French, Mandarin,  Japanese,  Greek )"
"i want to learn filipino language "
" Uyyy omg filipino moot HAHAHA taga saan ka? "
"next thing we know, bawal na Filipino sa Pilipinas  hay, we gotta fight for our country "
"By Raymund Antonio rights lawyer Chel Diokno on Sunday reminded the administration they are expected to prote "
"YES IM FILIPINO= THERE A PROBLEM 10"
"For Business: alexiscomprendio.com more Videos,, Share and Subscribe on my Youtube Channel and Faceb "
"Oy 9am daw bukas oh haha filipino time nanaman yang mga yan 12 nalang sana"
"Pokemon Grandpa, Chen San-yuan, stands out as the most popular as he has so far caught 45 million pokemons since he "
" : WHO SAID FILIPINO ARMYS ARE BROKE????  SO EXCITEEEED TO YOUR BDAY BABY TAETAE  "
"YASS FOR FILIPINO QUEENS AHSHHDHAHAHAJSJA "
"Yezzir, mga kaibigan! Remember Vlogmeyts, Klasmeyts, Travelmeyts and his short films? Talaga namang boomy! Here to "
"uy bat parang sinisipag ako ngayon simulan &amp; tapusin yung filipino journal?????"
"every filipino barkada: o guys fierce! "
"Turkish  "
"Maybe we should start advocating  about Premestrual Syndrome and  Premenstrual Dysphoric Disorder AWARENESS among F "
" : Pope Francis appointed Fr. Cosme Almedilla as the new bishop of Butuan and Claretian Fr. Leo Dalmao as the new prelate"
" Omg are u filipino too?? "
"Hirap naman kasi e filipino :3"
" : toxic filipino culture,,  nagbreak,             (-.-) sisiraan na            /"
"  just play basketball, lol. You ain't black. Be a proud Filipino."
"+ they perfomed it with the korean lyrics not english translation nor filipino just KOREAN. PURE KOREAN. Like bish "
"GO as far as you can see; when you get there, you'll be able to see FUHER. :) Realty and Brokerage &lt;3 "
"Let's request for Filipino subs dito. We know how much Pinoys like wasak/hugot songs.   #TimeToMeetCHEN"
" :   te, gising at labas jan sa lungga mo. Di kailangan ng paid trolls ng admin na to. Wag mag bulagbul"
" your major so you Filipino "
" Whos trying to steal my property and defeat me out of my California inheritance with a bully Filip "
" : AND WE ARE LEADING THE RACE. #RSspirit #BahrainGP"
"The real deal. It been inspiring af watching this kid "
" : U need quick filipino facts? Isaw and betamax are both filipino street foods often sold in barbekyuhans (bqq stalls) durin"
" Binatang Filipino Yea."
" : Filipino sp: the only one who can eat isaw and betamax in the squad is kenny, he eventually coerce stan to eat isaw now st"
" I love bts so much especially Jimin,bts is my happiness,bts is my life,FILIPINO Fan is here,We love you bts"
"   HAHAHAHA ENGLISH BA OR FILIPINO TRANSLATION"
" :  I love your Filipino accent! Say something for me!: "
" :  I am not getting any single cent for defending PRRD. am humble enough to appreciate every single thing he"
"IF THIS ISN'T FUNNY FOR YOU THEN YOU'RE NO FILIPINO "
"Dalagang pilipina ye abnoy version        "
" : Filipino superhero Eduard Folayang is no stranger to overcoming unimaginable adversity and rising to the  Full docu-f"
"Lol yeah tell that to Filipino parents "
"pati ba release ng upcat results Filipino time rin"
"im not cute  pls teach me filipino you smartie ily too  "
" : Miss you lots   &amp; i think it our Filipino bond  let get lunch soon sista "
"(POLITIKANG INA NIYO) sa Filipino 12"
"The Filipino Scribe turns 8: What next for this news? "
"Im Filipino/German but its ridiculous the amount of things that I get away with living in the Philippines. I can we "
"Tots abt kemberley hihi  si lim na instik na masiram kaistoryahan pag filipino time kaya nabagsak ako HAHAHA. kyut "
"Miss you lots   &amp; i think it our Filipino bond  let get lunch soon sista "
"Tangina is the Filipino version "
" Mala insidious/Anabelle filipino version "
"Sa ka bored nko naghimo kog filipino presentation nko :/"
"Di ako makapag-aral ng maayos dahil sa #ONEChampionship huhuhu.  so proud of all the Filipino fighters."
"Filipino unang sumira sa pangarap ko 2.5 .. hahahaha joke lang, baka nagkulang din ako.  :( "
"Sa halagang limang piso, maaari ka na raw magtampisaw sa dagat nang bonggang at saglit na kalimutan ang iyon "
"Saludo ako sayo   you really possessed the traits of having a Filipino heart proving to us that you des "
"  oomf have i told you that youre so cute???? i was ia when you became oomfs with oomfs so i was like who r u b "
" LOL my mom does too. Maybe our Filipino blood wasn't meant for this this dry climate LOL"
" This toxic Filipino culture of you and those people who think the same as yours should stop. Its 2019 already"
" : I believe that the world is ready for the Filipino Hiphop. Yung mga pilipino lang ang hindi because apparently, jeje daw k"
"I'm interested if Filipino human resource staff/managers actually have a specific format in mind for applicants' CV "
"   Hi! Im royal pepsi, a filipino artist  I like to draw random things t "
" Hi! Im royal pepsi, a filipino artist  I like to draw random things that i like and im still practic "
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 | "
" ohmygod you're filipino i'm shook"
"Filipino Professionals:  Dr. Mardy Dizon, Vangie Tadena  "
" :     one Bruneian house I visited yrs ago has a huge framed painting of Cory Aqu"
" : Any Filipino EXO-Ls who have their entries for SONG COVER CHENSTIVAL already up?  your entry with us so we can s"
" :     Brunei for me is laid back, most kids are supported by the gov't, sends the"
" I think there's something in the Filipino blood LOL every Filipino I know has bad allergies LOL"
"Mr. Jaime Fabregas (known as Gen. Borja, also a Proud bicolano) Sir! Saludo ho ako sainyo! You came all the way her "
" Ung titig talaga eh.. Love them both equally. I will be ur fan always. Kahit may pagbabago man sa in.u. "
" : My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 |"
"Filipino Boy Group Hashtag's Member, Luke Conde was Seen Fanboying Park Minyoung, Showing Her Support for Her Upcom "
"  I not late, I on Filipino time."
"Me as a Filipino- Pangasinan shit: Tangina bat di ako makatulog eyyyy"
"Tots abt kay zyrine hahaha  beauty with a brain tas humble softball player to tas mabait pa tyka eto yung nagsabi "
"Liberal Party of the Philippines doing their best to silence the Filipino public.  "
" Dili man sa ana, proud kaayo ta if naay mga filipino talents ma showcase sa international stage and wo "
" : The Filipino worker is not lazy. The Filipino workers are not slowpokes. Rather than giving special treatment to other n"
" : PRANK CALLING FILIPINO YOUTUBERS WITH MAYMAY ENTRATA (NAKAKATAWA TO!) | RenielReyesTV "
"Did you Know.. #SpinTV offers Many International &amp; Nationality Channels such as: "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"Puyat na naman, di pa kumpleto ang ass sa filipino "
" : Look! Our very own Paulo K Tir has written a musical that will open in New York City this May! ON THIS SIDE OF THE WORLD"
" : Fumiya is more Filipino than the rest of us who have the blood but doesn't have the heart. #iWantFUMIYAM #Fumiya"
"Filipino novels!!! Any recommendations, mga kumare? "
"I NEED FELLOW  FILIPINO ARMY'S  THIS TO JOIN IN BiNaTaNg kOrEaNo yEah! GDM #MAP_OF_THE_SOUL_PERSONA"
" : Having a home you call your own is a dream for every Filipino. But the repayment does not have to be a lifelong commitm"
"JONAXX. IS. THE. ONLY. BEST. FILIPINO. WATTPAD.WRITER.  thank you for existing in this world  "
"I'm like a quater Filipino or maybe more  "
"  That's a Filipino for you"
"Filipino ARMY can read this  "
"imagine having the audacity to make a list of bEsT filipino films (where LT movies are included) when u haven't act "
"Yung filipino ko puta bat ayaw pang pirmahan"
"I just hate the filipino mentality"
"filipino wildn out "
" :     Btw when I was in Indonesia justca yr ago, a jakartan (not ressa's cousin)"
"Lmao this is a fun race so far #F1"
" : Filipino basketball stars danced to EXO Love Shot in the PBA All Star! Hahaha.  I wonder who suggested the song to"
" If you say you truly love the Filipino people, how about giving to charity half of your fortune?"
"DBA DPT ANG FILIPINO NA SUB MADALI. LERO NAHIHIRAPAN AKO"
"Eerie is the best filipino horror movie I've ever watched tbh"
" Nice ang story hindi sya corny like other filipino horror films"
"NEW ACCOUNT MGA BESHIE BELLS!!! AYAW NA MAGBUKAS NUNG ACC. Q NA TO  NAKALIMUTAN KO PASS HUHU!!! LET' "
"#Eerie is a game changer when it comes to Filipino horror films."
"No love for Larry Itliong, Philip Vera Cruz or the Filipino organizers? "
" labyu leeek. as a filipino major ano."
"These Senate aspirants vow to risk lives to defend West Philippine Sea "
"Support lng ghapon si mama sa akong mga gusto. So nag ab filipino ko. Wajud koy hanaw ato nga kurso oi, as in wala "
" Walang magagawa ang #Malaca sa harassment na ginagawa ng mga hayop na Chinese sa mga Fili "
" how were your parents reactions  especially with a filipino mom"
"I don know what it will take 4 people 2 understand that paedophiles can not be rehabilitated!!  judge mention "
" only filipino armys can relate HAHAH "
"Toxic Filipino mentality Ang pangit ng boyfriend ah, mayaman siguro "
" pentagon in the family tea  loud"
"Close na ilang mga major subjs. Wa nako kaapas, iyak na naman  Tas ang gi offer sa dean is AB FILIPINO. Huna2 nak "
" Toxic Filipino millennial social media culture. :/"
" filipino paper "
"Ay iba HAHAHAHAHAHAHA  Ay wait is my Filipino grammar wrong HAHHAHA "
"Filipinos fucking always idolize western /non Filipino culture."
" pero syempre filipino fantards will always choose to hate on la salle kahit na it the norm for other countries "
" Filipino moms know "
" filipino!!!!"
"Napakahirap ng filipino subj parang major heheheh"
" add the snapback and we got ourselves a filipino man"
"most of the filipino people really love to humiliate others. is that what pag asa ng bayan do?"
" MATH  1 CHEMISTRY"
"Biglaan lang daw ang pagbisita sa Pilipinas ng retired American boxer.  May rematch kaya silang pag-uusapan? "
"It impossible to say what might tumble out of your mouth tod... More for Aries "
" asahan mo na na milyong milyong filipino mag rereact sayo pag pinagtanggol mo mga tulad mong eletista. "
"I HAVE TO READ EL FILIBUSTERISMO I AM #FILIPINO BEFORE I AM ADORABLE MC"
"To start, let me introduce myself a bit. I'm a bisexual male Filipino in my 20s and currently living in Metro Manil "
" ya bro ahahaha pelos vistos um Filipino qql usou o mm beat da Vegas sooooo ahah"
" : We keep on having a lot of filipino acts on international competitions too. Kapag olats, Filipinos get mad and rant sa"
"This April Fool's prank is not very funny for Filipino ARMYs. The internet speed (lol, speed) here is really shit "
" everything except filipino and being loud (im a very efficient speaker lol)!!"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"Finals: 97/100 89/100 85/100 89/100 100/100. 47/100 ako filipino buset hahahha"
"That sad, they too blind to even see how beautiful and kind pilipino are -j   Yes exactly, they don "
"Omgggg so there was this fan of some Filipino beauty vlogger who called someone toxic kasi nag bio sya ng love mys "
"so everyone is doing this so~ - ros stan - confused bc of bts theories - filipino - scare "
"Filipino (Pananaliksik) "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
" : Do you ever realize that filipino food taste different in each household."
"This week mix takes you on a passport-free trip to the other side of the world. 30 minute continuous mix of Filip "
"Me:  Look at all these Filipino movies on Netflix :  No, don watch that...you gonna be even more dramatic!:  "
"CONGRATULATIONS  for being one of the PBB Big 4. Can't wait for your new videos to share about Filipino "
" Several of my relatives are Filipino.  In their culture, they swear that when you dream about poo it "
" : It feels like yesterday when fumi finally introduced as an official housemate. And now, we are here. Batch winner or not, w"
" Mahal (in filipino) means love, expensive = Love is expensive "
" Please support Remy Martin on ASU. He's Filipino and has the greatest name and might be the next Jeremy Lin story in 5 years"
"Diether Ward years old filipino 1/4 English 1/4 Indian  Angono,Rizal"
"#JiggyManicad a pathetic piece of shit. He an embarrassment to the journalism profession, to the Filipino peopl "
" : Can hear the Filipino OFWs in the background  "
"best filipino horror na ata eerie"
"My mom just makes the best filipino food ever "
" Japon o filipino, a no me decido. (Hola INADI)."
"  DAEEEEE AY NA SEG TWITTER, BUHATA NA IMOHANG FILIPINO whahaahaha"
" Mohanmad is a typical filipino name."
" grabe sa mathematician HAHAHAHAH thank you seatmate pag filipino time "
"luh, wala kami. 'di Filipino amp  "
" : Mathematician to grabe pre nakakaiyak laging tulog pag Filipino lamig kase anubayan pero mabait o henlo  also"
"but anyway this was before said relative kept putting food on my plate whenever i finished, so it was never ending "
"someone get this bread  pts = pentagon pts = filipino pts = shinwon yeah pts = day6 pts = younge "
"filipino   mix of both "
"[filipino timeee]"
"Yung pinsan kong matalino sa Math pero bobo sa Filipino. Samantalang ako parehong bobo sa Math at Filipino.. Huhu anunaaa..."
"We call on the Filipino people to condemn these attacks publicly on social media or offline in the streets. We cann "
" Ganun talaga, Filipino kamo yung subject mo. Hahahaha. Explain mo nalang after kung ano yung sangkapat hahahaha"
"Family unity is every Filipino immigrant's dream and Tancinco Law's mission. #TancincoLaw "
" JenLiJirvs: Filipino Blinks make this vid 5M views &amp;amp; 500K likes or more!! We stan OT4, it's our Area. Ah yea "
"if this flops stream violetta pts - stay pts - teenager pts - always on the phone 24/7 pts - sagittari "
"Nasan na kaya yung respeto ng mga filipino."
"i need help, what obliges the Filipino citizens to follow MMDA's No Jaywalking Law?"
"Top 1 - Mikey Bustos | GoodNewsPilipinas! TV Week In Review Episode 12 from  music and comedy to s "
"Toxic Filipino Culture kapag nag asawa ng maaga ang mga pinsan mo akala nila gagaya kana din"
"Daks or average size Lang? average size kay 4 inches  You need Jesus  "
"Filipino English isn't improper English. English has evolved uniquely here, just as American English evolved away "
"BTW, y'all sleepin' on Filipino spec fic. I'm loopy from meds right now, but links will come. One of the cool commo "
"i wonder what non filipino followers feel when i post filipino shit"
"I just submitted my very first poem in Filipino for publication and you know what, fuck it. Submit lang ng submit para sa ekonomiya."
" In England, working class families and individuals headed to Kent from urban areas (Orwell, Dickens "
"Mathematician to grabe pre nakakaiyak laging tulog pag Filipino lamig kase anubayan pero mabait o henlo "
" : how similar are we? (^)-half filipino and japanese- 5- speaks three languages- introvert and a"
"Sana bukas hindi sila  Time"
"I need to find a mutual Filipino friends stan (and share the common struggle) "
"I want to meet my Filipino mutuals asap"
"how similar are we? (^)-half filipino and japanese- 5- speaks three languages- introv "
"okay end ko na alam ko namang walang magbabas nitong thread na 'to kasi marami nainis at nastress pero ayon sorry g "
"Yawa gikilig na sad ko  sana all oy gasakit baya akong dughan makakita'g mga ngin'ani kay is beri single kaayo ako "
"Si Brandon Vera na lang natitirang matatag na champion lahat ng filipino talo hays "
" : Dalagang Pilipina is sung by a male rapper who may have little to no understanding on what Filipino women are genuinely lik"
" 17, 1973, of Filipino mothers, who elect Philippine citizenship upon reaching the age of majority; a "
"Hey sana all  hey filipino ppl sana matauhan na kayo "
" Mga bata pa bala. Feeling ko ila filipino class ara pa lang sa simuno at panaguri. Haha"
"Welp i had it wrong of the students were filipinos and were wearing their traditional filipino out "
"Naka-try na ba kayo? ^_^  It aims to provide a solution for personal mobility and promote an eco-friendly and susta "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"This boy has/have:- Talumpati to do for tomorrow and is No.5- to search for the magic trick for Physics- to Memo "
" I went to a tutoring () center and I mastered English and then when I walk dun sa door my classmate "
" : Hala Filipino yung theme ng JHS pati SHS narin huhu"
"Judging from my posts last year, MNL48 made me more comfortable with using Filipino. mnl48"
" You're noe a certified filipino"
" nice diay?? natagam naman gud kos mga Filipino horror films oyy hahaha"
" :  Filipino fishermen: "
"uso eh kaya makikisali din ako, how similar are we? % - filipino % - gemini % - multifandom % - haven' "
"Our kitchen life has never been this exciting with the launch of the first ever liquid meaty seasoning  Knorr Savo "
" : CAN'T WAIT!!! FILIPINO BLINK HERE!!! #AISXLISA"
"   Yes! But do not partner with ABS CBN alone. There are other networks, TV and f "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"filipino rap hittin up deez days damn"
" Asians? Would they be Japanese? Chinese? Burmese? Filipino? Malay? Indonesians, perhaps? Koreans? Vietnamese?......"
"Ang sarap sa ears na puro Filipino yung line up kanina sa worship. "
"Please God don let me have the filipino trait of being late to everything and planning things last minute when I older "
" Fun mgmt lore: when me and michael first came out a reddit user posted a Filipino version and was like m "
" This week on Foreigner Reacts: Local Filipino Radios"
"Pero ka boses talaga ni sehun yung intro don sa dalaga baby wag ka nang mag alinlangan pa feeling mo filipinong f "
"  Yo chill, I Filipino too. It matters to call out your own race and to also apologize for "
"As a  alum and Fil-Am, I so proud of the  students and  community for recogni "
"I find it such a toxic Filipino/Asian trait when parents have a pass to be rude and to disrespect you just because they your parents"
"Bakit ang tanga? Bakit ang baba ng tingin sa mga SPED student? E mukhang mas matalino pa nga mga SPED kaysa sa. "
"Dalagang Pilipina is sung by a male rapper who may have little to no understanding on what Filipino women are genui "
"Not  fellow Filipino ARMYs joining the no wifi prank when we all know our wifi is shit every single day  "
" Filipino are always so chill yet so conservative in like the best ways it weird lol"
"God damn Eerie starring Bea Alonzo is one of the best Filipino movies I have seen so far. The cinematography, symbo "
"kung lahat kasi tayo dito hindi pakialamera sa buhay ng iba edi sana walang mga rumors or issue na nagaganap. eh ka "
"delegates of the National Youth Day in Cebu #archdioceseOFdavao#sendforth Filipino Youth in Mission: Beloved, "
" english is filipino's second language so when there's a chance, we uses it and combine a very meaningful sentence WAHAHAHA"
"being filipino means this whole not loading prank is just another normal day in the philippines"
" : Guess who's on the cover of the latest Manila Mail print edition?! This issue features inspiring stories of Filipino Am"
" : Need help po sa mga filipino stays or any fandoms na nakakaalam. Pwede po kaya itong card na ito pambayad sa online ticket"
"Indian (which I partly am) or Pinoy if I speak in Urdu (which is puzzling) "
"Alam ko na bat ako confused minsan. Fluent sa Pangasinan, Ilocano, Filipino, at English. Nag-aaral ng Bisaya. Mahil "
"Wa ko tarung tuon filipino nya kapoy na"
" gfriend from asian descent and filipino i am CALLING it!!!!!"
" : Please allow us to have an appreciation thread for . is one of our inspirations in Filipino songwr"
"No cans were harmed in the making of this corned beef.  only! The Brunch at BMP 10am-2:30pm  Be More Paci "
"Modern Filipino Hiphop songs are not sunoy songs. It a sign that OPM  is evolving and it in a good way! #supporlocal"
"Ate ano mga alam mo na languages? am literate in English and Filipino, and a pinch of Spanish. Tho, I can spea "
" : WHAT ARE PHILIPPINE LANGUAGES AND FILIPINO? A MEGATHREAD (2019 edition) "
" Inspections matter, but I not particularly attached to sit-down restaurants. I love the Filipino s "
" : This record speed underlines the steadfast commitment and political will of the Duterte administration to fast-track the"
"                          "
"I been blowing this Filipino lady line up the last 2 days tryna get some egg rolls and she ignoring me "
" :    Spoke with a Fuckwiteer who was angry his Filipino wife had to go through more tests"
"Thanks God! Youth Summit 2019  - Dela Salle University 3 Youth Ambassador! pooooo.  "
" It was kinda intimidating to talk to you kaya dati kasi perfect filipino grammar with all its shining "
" ang taong laging natutuwa kapag naaalala na mas magaling siya sa akin sa Filipino HAHAHA ang uniqu "
"you, speaking in filipino will be the end of me ugh"
"If you are a Filipino #Blink, #Jenlisa shipper, #Camren shipper, #Kaylor shipper, and #Choni shipper, rt this and l "
"how similar are we? ( ah YA STOLEN) pts - brown eyes pts - shit eye sight pts - second oldest sibling "
"Pure filipino ka ba?  Hindi po "
"  when i speak in filipino shading both of you it over for you hoes"
"Stayed up to watch a romance Filipino movie last night. Who am I?"
"Maaga matutulog kasi d pwedeng filipino time bukas"
"Mga fans ng Tabing Ilog, malapit na! Sa iWant! &lt;3 "
"  Are u an filipino"
" : How similar are we? - a cat person - 02 liner - taurus - jungkook biased - soobin biased"
"  Mutant is my native Filipino name"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
" : You are invited to the 2019 Filipino Mental Health Well-Being Summit in Los Angeles on April 13, 2019. More details here: htt"
"Filipino-English dub ironically isn't the worst english dub of digimon://t.co/l2yNxDkQrv"
"Ac modo filipino"
"im on my 170th word :) but i gotta finish this in exactly 300 words smh fucking filipino teacher makes our lives h "
"Kim Antonio is  "
" the most talked first Filipino model to walk at the 2018 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show. captur "
"#TheFilipinoVotes: Should they clinch a seat in the May polls, what exactly would these Senate hopefuls do? "
" : When  said  Nakakalungkot lang isipin na some women are fighting for respect pero babae pa yung halos nangunguna"
"how similar are we! Link me yours if you have one ill answer too! pts - taekook pts - namjin pts - tae / "
" lam na natin si sehun as filipino"
"same for Philippines:((( stans where you at "
"Best filipino horror movie goes to eerie!  Sulit ang ticket!"
"When in Rome, do as the Romans do...here in the states you don't see any Filipino wearing a barong as an everyday "
"I am starting to wonder uf history does repeat itself?: Philippines was rich with natural resources, then o "
"Filipino time "
"Indian    "
" : Until when are Filipino patients going to beg for blood donations in order to survive their surgeries or their cancers?"
" : Can you not degrade a child and scar his/her mind for the rest of his/her life just for the sake of living up to your ex"
"Tots about Janine?  Janine naku lage late ito eh haha charot hajhaa isa din toh sa kagrupo ko sa filipino kaya isa "
"Unpopular opinion: Filipino farmers edition "
" : ooF lets do this! how similar are we? pls don't let this flop :&gt; pts- 18 yrs old pts- multifandom pts- loves"
"Final draft ulit sa filipino naman "
"I left Gensan late at night and naalala ko lang yung time na nag hanap kami ng eng and filipino online pub ng kaina "
" Gawa na sa Filipino ."
" Hahahaha. guess so. He better be. He composed some of the most classic Filipino Christmas music."
" : A very special interview w/ HiFi Kitchen's chef/owner Justin Foronda! After filling up on vegan la'ing &amp; Filipino spaghe"
"Looking for a Filipino girls to work in beauty salon  Dubai "
"Tainan City  filipino foods "
"MANILA, Philippines  Ferdie Marquez, one of the original members of Filipino band Truefaith, has died, the band co "
" :  These things are happening in the Philippines? and the Filipino people dont seem to care?"
"could you write a short poem  what about? give me a lead. in english or can i do it in filipino? "
" It's okay, it's Filipino thing for a dalagang pilipina yeah"
"*Noong Bata ako*: Wag kang manonood ng Filipino movies, shows, etc. kasi nakakabobo yan.*Maya maya*: * "
" cos i like him a lot now but i don't think i can do ldr. not to mention the fact that he's not filipino. "
"i love filipino bops "
" : Sobrang nakakagalit talaga ang pang aabuso ng administrasyon ito sa mga Filipino. Si De Lima na mala anghel at di maka"
" :  yeah i know hhh i'm a filipino"
"9/10 for EERIE  the bar of the Filipino Horror Films .  siya cringy praammiss!! MY WORD. "
" : woke up and im filipino"
"Notebook pa nga pala sa filipino fvckk"
"Seeing Filipino Theatre and Arts flourish is so great. Everything about this country art never fails to amaze me "
" Binatang filipino yon Ugh"
" : rt to be in a filo nctzen gc must be a filipino be active stan nct ( all units ) not a solo stan &amp; no to bandwago"
"we'll be bringing classic Filipino street food for each and everyone! us as we celebrate the success of our a "
"Akala niyo talaga di nagiistan ng intl idols maka di makabayan pwe mas matataas pa nga ata grades ng mga kpop fans "
" : Here are the most viewed categories by women in specific countries and regions, based on a study released by Pornhub. #T"
" : Musta #ArtistofSEA I'm Issa, a Filipino/Chinese artist currently based in Canada. I mostly sketch, animate, work on comics"
"SAMEDT. THO DI NAMAN NILA MAIINTIDIHAN YUNG FILIPINO WORDS PERO OUR FRIEND GOOGLE TRANSLATE IS ONE CLICK AWAY "
"his father came out and pleaded with him. The Filipino translation is nicer, amuin"
"Please allow us to have an appreciation thread for . is one of our inspirations in Filipino so "
" : filipino spaghetti is the superior spaghetti"
"For my record, Sukob is now officially beaten. Eerie is now on top! Best Filipino horror movie so far damn where's my heart?!!?"
"Every filipino ever: gusto mo? ng iphone masyadong maluho"
" : Brandon Vera is the last Filipino ONE champion standing."
" TRAYDOR!!! SA CHINA KA NA TRAYDOR!!! KA NA SA PILIPINAS AT DI KA PILIPINO!!! KA PALA "
"if Igai ni Mango will be one of the b-side of the 3rd single, i wonder how they would translate the song in filipin "
" he literally plays ned and is one of the only filipino actors in the mcu but go off i guess this is entertaining"
"  she doesnt know im a filipino SHES TRYNA TEACH ME HOW PUTANGINA MO WORKS SKJSJDKDJJS"
"Hi filipino book, ik naa rkos same page for pila na hrs ky ng sge kog phone"
" : SA MAHILIG MAGBULLY DYAN AT BASHERS HINAY HINAY NA KAYO KASI UMAABOT NA NG INTERNATIONAL REPO..PINAKAWORST ANG FILIPI"
" d-lo: hmm kyrie's pretty cool lemme follow him and post him report: "
"*ayoko mafall sakanya**landiin ko lang pampalipas oras**baby kumain kana? **babe txt moko kung naka uwi kana ha* "
"JSJDIISJS when a full Japanese guy knows more tagalog words than a Filipino who grew up outside ph lmao"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"3.) MEDIA AND ELECTIONS conducted by Mr. Simbulan (Exec. Producer, GMA) insights:- First of all so honor "
" : Only Dante Gulapa can make esteemed veteran journalist Jessica Soho do the Flying Eagle not only in public but also for Fili"
"Filipino mixed martial arts star Eduard Landslide Folayang's second reign as the ONE... "
"Brandon Vera is the last Filipino ONE champion standing."
"Lectura de fin de semana:  que existe un #Leganes filipino?://t.co/UTCz2sqiMP"
"looking for filipino mutuals!!  follow me and i'll followback!"
"pati ba naman sa issue sinunod mo yung filipino time???? aBa mAtiNde,,, xd"
"Side note: all these Rebreb &amp; Teddie x Politics crossover tweets made me realize how deep the impact of Four Sister "
"I WANT TO TRY TOO!!  PTS-  liner PTS- stans SNSD, EXO, &amp; NCT PTS- watched 100+ Kdramas #KdramaisLifeu "
"  Shucks. Filipino ka? Sakit ng rumors na to. "
"do this pls :] pts - lesbian pts - loves cam!!! :( pts - pink hair pts - video editing pts - dogs  "
"CAN'T WAIT!!! FILIPINO BLINK HERE!!! #AISXLISA"
"seokmin be like those filipino moms when they point at something "
"actually masasabe ko na isa sa pinaka magandang filipino horror movie ang Eerie"
"i do this again race liner person doc "
"my Filipino mom does this thing where she likes to use the bathroom when I literally just walk in and she yells for "
"Been thinking about a Filipino translation for vulnerability, as in vulnerable lives. Mapanganib na pamumuhay? Buha "
"In 1898 the #USA the Philippine Islands are annexed. This led to a #guerra in which between 1.2 and 1.5 million peo "
" : My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 |"
"Let see what #mywhitepriviledge had given me. I'm a Half #Filipino that looks #White. #Rednecks in the #South would "
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant with me|              ||              ||               | "
"P.E- Folk dance []- WATER RESCUE [] PROG- PROGRAMMING WITH Q &amp; A  STRUCTURE- DO OR DIE TEST "
"so ZBOYS and ZGIRLS performed at ASAP (filipino entertainment show) and idk what to think..."
" SEARCH MO!!!! Filipino action. Deym nice ang story"
"ay gago defense na pala bukasa sa thesis sa filipino hahhahahaha"
"How did I go from brainstorming for an original story to actually crafting an elaborate Stranger Things fanfiction "
" : On the origin of the UFW: The FWA merged in 1966 with the largely Filipino Agricultural Workers Organizing Committee, to "
"And for the record, I am of Filipino and Chinese descent, so technically I'm not being racist saying that. I am, in "
"ysa  PALAGING LATE! kung hindi late, ABSENT NAMAN! wala tuloy akong katabi kapag filipino gRr,, MAGANDA PO 'TO (an "
"R&amp;W nalang. Gising aga bukas. Takte 18 ata yung Fallacy na iqquiz bukas. Malamang no choices pa yon. Reporting 1 English, 1 Filipino. Bem."
"Hindi naman pwedeng wala ako diba? Papakabog ba ko? Never. So ayun 4:30 pm na andun parin ako sa bahay nagm-make up "
"So ayun nga, 12:30 kami nagsimula e, 4 pm yung grad, akala ko talaga aabot sila kasi sabi ko di naman siguro on tim "
" Im a Filipino I'm so ashamed by their actions, and hurt I myself have also some disabilities .... I "
"asking god why i wasn't born as a mix of french british and filipino"
" : Last leg ng show na ba ni vhong kagabi sa casino filipino cebu?  Kasi ano e uhm hahahaha"
"Here are some facts on mangroves (bakawan in Filipino) and how important their role is in marine biodiversity  "
" :  Cho seungyoun positive visual,composer,rapper,dancer And he know how to speak TAGALOG AS A filipino fa"
"special membership?"
"Thoughts about Cheng  Intsik bay pero grabe sa Filipino time hahahahaha "
"Sometimes, I lose faith in my Filipino community. "
"me, filling out my bracket 2 weeks ago: Duke's gonna win, after finding out Kihei Clark is Filipino via Pablo's "
"Sad year for our fellow filipino champs at one fc 4 champs from team lakay lose this year. Bawi tayo!"
" Pongamos a parir a las abuelas de Espa, cada d que pasa Fino Filipino da m asco, lo mismo t  p "
"OH MY GOSH, this girl has the audacity to correct my Filipino grammar.  My statement was  ako hater ng kung "
"Filipino Culture: Nakukuha pa din ngumiti at tumawa kahit may hinaharap na problema*Ang problema, dinadaanan lang hindi tinatambayan!!!"
" Filipino sjd first sub HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA"
"so i juts saw a filipino tae kook smut fic and dknksdj never scroll tf out that fast in my life"
"(im gonna answer even if i dont get the likes) . my irl best friends aren't on anitwt  but i hope i make good fr "
" I am a Filipino, I support the President of the Philippines, and I do not get paid for supporting him. "
" This was a Blast! I knew that Ian was a Filipino GachaTuber! Lets see if Ian can add me up on the series! Hehe"
"For er kommet. Alt springer ud. #spring #denmark #copenhagen #filipino "
" : ur not a filipino kid by heart if u didnt have artista notebooks like these when u were young "
" : i don't want to be that bitch but... filipino people who speak korean for no reason at all??? why??? just why are you doin"
"kulang sa sauce, gusto ko yung lunod. (the filipino in me woke up)"
"stole this from the tl similar are we? pts - female pts - filipino pts - eldest child pts - 19 pts "
"We are the no.1 provider of safe and affordable drinking water that is readily available to the Filipino Community, "
"&lt;3 "
" 70 im filipino "
"Nagtataka ako pure filipino naman parents niya pero bakit di tinuruan mag tagalog  kahit onti lang di naturuan?! #PBBBig8tingSummerSalubong"
"ayoko magtweet sa fa ko baka dumami lalo mga mangbblock sakin  (blocked by fans of a filipino girl group na nga yun eh) "
"agoy ako nasay malista anis filipino ugma mangopya, jusq."
"Kinilala nila si Maine bilang  Inspiring Celebrity kasabay ng pagdiriwang ng kanilang ika-60 anibersaryo ngay "
"I'm at Casino Filipino in Cebu City, Central Visayas "
"Filipino basketball stars danced to EXO Love Shot in the PBA All Star! Hahaha.  I wonder who suggested the song "
" FILIPINO 64"
"  amoa ng reporting. sa filipino na"
" hindi yan mawawala sa mga Filipino, man :)"
"may long quiz sa mapeh then sa filipino and ass. sa science then reporting i lab my life"
" I didn know you were Filipino! so many Filipino sims directors this is wild a cutie!!"
"  Filipino po ba yung first winner?"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"bobo na nga sa Ingles, bobo din sa Filipino. anue na. hahahahaha bat ba ako nasa UP ????????????"
"dapat puro filipino lang yaon sa pbb hahahahaha"
"Kadalasan talaga pag sa ibang bansa ka nag wo-work kung sino pa ang mga Filipino sila pa ang panget ang ugali at hindi nakikipagcooperate "
" : Lupet ng cinematography and musical scoring ng #Eerie. And the posporo scene! GAHD. May bago na kong peyborit Filipino hor"
"The view of a Filipino on dealing with constant requests for handouts from family members... "
"MAY POST TEST PA PALA SA FILIPINO AHHHHHHHHHHHH"
"The view of a Filipino on dealing with constant requests for handouts from family members... "
"Staycation weekend in the first and only deluxe boutique hotel in the Philippines that is truly green. You see m "
"When you start a tweet in English tapos tatapousin mo in tagalog how filipino are you?"
" I need more Filipino mutuals para magkaintindihan Tayo"
"Good evening! Straight Filipino men belong to the dumpster!"
" :  AAAAA SLOWLY RISING, FILIPINO WOO"
"the highest echelons of American society. It is their own excellence and talent that brought them here, most likely "
"Archie Gallego mais um guerreiro filipino treinando kali Silat em Niter Brasil ! "
"Un filipino descubre que la piedra que ten en casa es la perla m grande del mundo "
" : I may not be &gt; 50, but I definitely know that  is  proxy for what [I] want from love and life. To be surround"
"still salute filipino rappers &lt;3"
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant with me|              ||              ||               | "
"I do really respect filipino memes but, this juneell or joneell thingy is not really funny for me anymore cuz, this "
"Filipino toxic trait?  galit sa mga nanghuhusga pero sila mismo nanghuhusga yay "
" : this is so wrong in so many levels, tbh filipino youtubers/famous people who lives in the states or different countries ar"
" : I watched Ulan last week at hanggang ngayon I'm at awe and confused. Ang unfair kasi bat parang kasalan ang magmahal? Napakahu"
"  LAHAT ATA NG FILIPINO MAY KILALANG TITA BABY HAHAHAHAHAHAHA"
" : You guys must watch #Eerie it is not just an ordinary Filipino Horror Movie. Napaka ganda niya expect the unexpected talaga."
"sobrang gagaling ng mga filipino artists at yung versions nila ng #SigawDarna fuck, i stan"
"Filipino"
" : no words. speechless. what. a. movie. world-fucking class. take a glimpse of leveled-up Filipino action scenes. what eve"
"Congratulations to all new physical therapists who took their oath of profession today. the impetus for a bette "
"Last leg ng show na ba ni vhong kagabi sa casino filipino cebu?  Kasi ano e uhm hahahaha"
"Hey Filipino people! need servant leaders not puppets in the goverment. Remember that servant leaders serve and "
"With the smart, awesome, and sexy people of Filipino Freethinkers... "
"how similar are we? pts - taehyung biased pts - army since 2016 pts - filipino army pts - loves pineap "
"Art by Jose Martinez of . Represents #CesarChavez  &amp; #LarryItliong legacy of building coalit "
" the issue. He thinks having a Filipino housemaid and holidaying twice a year in the Maldives makes "
" Filipino lang tanda ko and feel ko meron"
" Philippine Tax Collectors are bribed constantly, that's how. No Filipino is surprised. #Halalan2019 "
"    Btw when I was in Indonesia justca yr ago, a jakartan (not ressa "
"**tagalog  Filipino yan sis "
" Loves dancing and singing fandom tall cats"
" huyy ginawan ka nya ng filipiniana. That is filipino gown "
"goodnight filipino mutuals uwu  "
"12.) I not sure about my entire family ancestry aside from Filipino, but i pretty sure both sides of my Family "
"  will ask the Navy to bring me to the nearest point in South China Sea that is tolerable to them "
" I,   Filipino American nagpapasalamat po ako kay  Aking Kababaya "
"Just as i was thinking that my work was lessened, i was slapped by reality with this: happy fckn monday 10A we r ce "
"why sir eli is the classic Filipino Tito sterotype thread :"
" : This is our military directly sounding off the Filipino people. tanong: ANO ANG GAGAWIN NG PANGULO? BAKIT SYA TAHIMIK? h"
"Every filipino family has a  jun "
"Fr 2019 - Las Filipinas : Wednesday, April, 3rd - Start: 7 PM you feel filipino? We do! Please foll "
"they have good vocals and magaling naman sila sumayaw pero diba dapat saatin sila? i mean dapat mas nagpapatunay sila as a filipino :("
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 | "
"Every other mixed Filipino blooded human makes me feel uglier than I already do though ngl.."
"I MEAN I JUST SAW THIS PICTURE EARLY IN THE MORNING ANSKKGHJDYW,this was taken way back year 2017 when they need to "
" : how similar are we? don flop  - what is bias? - 03' liner - the youngest - shibalyo palliwhipped"
"I'm white, and Filipino, and Japanese, Irish and so other shit. I'm so lucky to be a bag of Skittles with white pri "
" : What nationalities have you been mistaken for?  far I've gotten:"
" : I can speak three languages: Filipino, English, and   cher verse."
"not sure if i want chelsea to win az a blue or neil etheridge to keep a clean sheet az a filipino"
"how alike are we hmmmmm  pts - gfriend  pts - aidbuddy  pts - chanyeol cxck sucker pts - h*terosexual "
"how similar are we? don flop  - what is bias? - 03' liner - the youngest - shibalyo pal "
" : BREAKING: Two Filipino warriors from Team Lakay in Eduard Folayang and Kevin Belingon lost their ONE world titles in a nig"
" AAAAA SLOWLY RISING, FILIPINO WOO"
"Cypriot-Filipino Panicos Yusuf earns 2nd ONE Super Series win at : A New Era in Tokyo, Japan "
" : Requested by a cute THAI fan  who paid her money all alone for over 250 cupsleeves&amp;looked for sb to bring them fo"
" : Diokno says gov should protect Filipino fishermen against harassment in West PH sea "
"I just don't get how people tend to say that it is a biased, rigid show just because their 'pambato' did not win. T "
" : I just hope and pray that  and  will consider visiting the Philippines with Hero and Jo. Your"
"  "
"Filipino, Caucasian, African American, Japanese...the cultures,ethnicities, and , joined hearts, minds, and "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"Henlo, Twitterniverse! Can I have 5-7 mins of your time? you are:- A Filipino citizen- Has experienced any ty "
"how similar are we? don flop  - august babe - 03' liner - the youngest - filipino "
" BET!! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHA FILIPINO PALA YAN SI OH SEHUN E"
" Yeah. Mum is Filipino, Dad English"
"Such an honor for yueboi and I to meet Grand Master Jonathan Abaya, the founder and creator of Jendo Filipino marti "
"Been freeing up space in my phone and saw this photo taken at the summit of Mt. Marami! The name , which me "
" that'd be me but my cousin can speak filipino now"
"  "
" FUCK THE FILIPINO MINDSET. PUTA TOXICCCCCCCCC HAHAHAHA"
"DALAGANG HALF FILIPINA AND HALF FILIPINO, Yeah  #NewProfilePic "
" Stan migy even if he talks like a drunk filipino american immigrant (no shade no shade)"
"Andaming ginagawa sa filipino animal"
" : WATCH: Ms Reina Hispano Americana-Filipino 2018  supports Gabriela's #LabananAngAbuso campaign. Huwag t"
" : NEWS: Filipino Department, ,  criticize proposed exclusion of Filipino classes from revised CHED"
"Team Lakay Danny Kingad earns 9th ONE Championship win at : A New Era in Tokyo, Japan "
" PHArmy from Rochester NY! We need more Filipino celebrity Armys lol"
"just realized ive been a huge reader ever since elementary i mean i only started reading novels in hs but when in 1 "
" I still live in a filipino household with filipino parents that make me wanna die"
"toxic filipino culture  "
"i saw alot of people doing it so okurt pts - I.N Biased. pts - Wreckers are the snake line pts - loud asf "
"Wish shared at "
"Despite the numerous triumphs Filipino women have achieved over the years, there is still a considerable number of "
"Don be dating a Filipino, y two would end up in a Filipino party and realize y are cousins "
"I am #Filipino, and a #FullBloodIgorot at that, and I am mighty proud of #TeamLakay. Pero ang. Galing. Ni. #Aoki! A "
"don't let this flop asdfgjdkl similar are we? - theme parks!   - milktea=jjang - filipino - multi "
"hello can somebody like talk to me in filipino .  im tired of speaking in english,, my nephew and niece destroyed my brain cells today"
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 | "
" Go! Kyoto! Hannaryz!    from ARKRAY Filipino Trainees  "
"It really amazes me how the filipino culture has so many superstitions like....tf"
"Oh man I need some Filipino friends my age "
"Eerie is super good!!! Got to be my favorite Filipino horror film now "
"   They seem shameless because they know that Filipinos have a divided opin "
"toxic filipino culture: wala kang karapatang magsalita kung mas bata ka kahit tama ka."
"Filipino blinks! We own bp diaries ep 4 im so proud"
"Bitch y look like y doing laundry, Filipino style "
"hindi ata filipino tong pamilya ko "
" yeah  btw, you a filipino?"
" : TOXIC FILIPINO CULTURE: ka bibigyan ng chance na sabihin ang side mo kasi TAMA DAW PALAGI ang mga matatanda."
" : si daniel ung tangang bida sa mga filipino dramas dito. sarap sampalin eh pero kith nalang kita niel "
"The Filipino people deserve to know the real scores of the Philippine situation under Rodrigo Duterte.... "
"i dont get it why people keeps on asking me why i prefer filipino over english when it comes to writing piece(s) "
"Watercolor painting of two Filipino deities Sidapa (god of death) and Bulan (moon god). "
"hyunjoon lived in the philippines and kevin listens to opm Love my filipino boys &lt;3"
"21. English, Filipino. Wala na hahahha"
" : This made me sad. Again Filipino basura issues. I hope sa lahat ng mga concerts &amp; events we can have announcement ir rem"
" : pati ba upcat results filipino time hehe"
" im a filipino and i hate those kind of people haha"
"how similar are we? pts - girl pts - 15 y/o pts - black eyes and hair pts - loves filipino bands pt "
" : HEYY I NEED MORE FILIPINO MOOTS!!/LIKE IF U STAN#JISOO#CHICHU#JENNIE #jennierubyjane#ROS#PARKCHAEYOUNG#LISA#"
" PA TUTOR NKO NIMOS FILIPINO BIH HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA"
"Vlog#15 Pork Binagoongan Recipe | Easy Recipe | How to cook | Filipino b... "
"  gosh. im from indonesia but iska, a filipino, doesnt even know what kiki is... IM NOT A HARD STAN TRUST ME"
" : being filipino is weird. to foreigners we arent asian enough since we've been mostly hispanized but we're also not hispanic"
" : how similar are we?? - filipino- fanboy- army // txt stan- 24/7 hungry- loves to sleeeeeeeeeep"
"   Siguro magandang first movie nila ay ang the bodyguard filipino versio "
"since i'm bored &amp; tline is doing it. so how similar are we  pts filipino pts 5'7  pts loves fried chic "
"Hi mutuals! how similar are we? - Filipino - ult is Seventeen - been to their concert - 99 liner "
"  I hope the filipino prisoners will treat him the same way US prisoners get treated when people "
" i dunno what it is in filipino so imma use google translate (this sounds wrong for some reason) "
"    one Bruneian house I visited yrs ago has a huge framed painting "
"An Untold Triumph The Story of the 1st &amp; 2nd Filipino Infantry Regiments U S Army &gt;&gt; "
" : Dalagang Pilipina pero bagsak sa filipino"
" : My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 |"
" : just got home from school and look at what my mom wrote in our fridge jsjajha language below is filipino (trans. please"
"Exhibit C. luma na ito. may kataga sa Filipino na 'mas mahirap pa sa daga' kase kahit papano ang daga marunong mamalimouse"
" : Hello #ArtistsofSEA, I'm Koi and I'm a Filipino Illustrator who does comic book covers :) "
"Isn't he Filipino? "
"I starting to appreciate filipino songs I used to call ."
"sooo this morning during our volleyball clinic i met this filipino guy idk who he is but he keeps on looking at me "
" : 4 sisters and a wedding will always be my fave Filipino movie HUHU "
" ults ptg, filipino, VERY sensitive, gets overwhelmed a lot, and sleep deprived ;-;"
"nasabi ko na ba na may Filipino dubbed na yung BNHA sa ABS-CBN"
"  Filipino ug PD"
"BREAKING: Two Filipino warriors from Team Lakay in Eduard Folayang and Kevin Belingon lost their ONE world titles i "
"some of yall dont appreciate filipino literature AND IT SHOWS"
"[] from here on out, the socmed type will contain filipino contents  i'm sorry sksmd. the narration will still be in english though.."
" I was very excited that Netflix adding Filipino movies so I wondering about tv shows? Hopefully, more movies to be added soon."
" Island boys/Filipino boys/SE Asian boys in general will ruin your life tbh"
" : What we need is to emancipate the Filipino psychology of fear and dread. Duterte planted the seeds of fear when he repea"
"So bale 3PM yung practice kanina, dahil sa antukin ako ng hapon saktong 3 din ako nagising buti nalang at filipino time ang Upang HAHAHA"
"La pa ko assignment sa Filipino HAHAAHHAHA"
"uhm ok notes nalang sa filipino"
"crush mo na filipino celebrity?  zaijan jaranilla mehn  "
"With high honors best in math, science, english and filipino thank you God thank you teachers ang daming awards n "
"how similar are we !!  ( do this PLS ) pts - likes the cold (everything. drinks, weather) pts - chess pts "
" darna is a filipino superhero from the 50's and has been remade multiple times as a series and/or a mov "
"  i agree w/ d judges being bias, but saying n dpat pure filipino lng pwde, is so low, eh "
" : naalala ko yung sagot ko mung grade 7 sa filipino: husay-patay, bigay-bumbay"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"    Brunei for me is laid back, most kids are supported by the gov't "
"Indonisian "
"Aoki took down Folayang then, put the Filipino superstar to sleep with an arm triangle choke at the 2:34 mark. "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"Toxic Filipino Trait: LUMABAS KA LANG OR TUMAMBAY KA LANG SA MGA KAIBIGAN MONG LALAKI (TWICE OR THRICE UR AGE) EH M "
"Cringy Filipino Humor* jk "
"Call me Mr. Diskarte Brand a.k.a Filipino Hustler"
"What we need is to emancipate the Filipino psychology of fear and dread. Duterte planted the seeds of fear when he "
"bitawww filipino classes are fun because of you hahahah "
"Why do Pinoys think it okay to operate on Filipino Time? "
"Dalagang Pilipina pero bagsak sa filipino"
"Welcome to toxic filipino culture."
"She was born without arms, but this inspiring Pinay becomes a Pilot!  (y) (y) (y) She also holds the world record a "
" :   ang cute ko, ang underrated ng Filipino at sining, sana MAIPAGLABAN NA NATIN 'YON 'PAG TEACHERS N"
" hi everyone  im bad at filipino  judge thanks  this went viral thanks "
"Mga nakolekta ko sa Club Filipino kanina. Bukas, ikakabit ko yan sa harap ng bahay namin, sa bahay ng mga kamag-ana "
"sheet pretty kayko atong sa reporting sa filipino tas huhu karon pagka moving up, ambot huhu"
"Filipino and Indian "
"hello im doing this too pts - jypnation pts - 01 liner pts - artsy artistic likes art? pts - filipino "
" : Sex, HIV/AIDS still taboo subjects in Filipino homes  Popcom "
"Kung magpoport ka ng filipino celeb dito, sino ka?  Dante Gulapa "
"Sabi pa ng kapatid ko ABS man? Ay tagalog? Di siya aware filipino horror movie pero siya pa nagyaya shuxxxx"
" : This is getting out of hand. As much as you have the right to express your opinion, the writer also has every right to expr"
"HELLO FILIPINO SWIFTIES ANO NA GANAP"
"Avoided a pot hole and fell of my one wheel in front of a black guy. dude: ey why you chinese people eating "
" So what case should be filed against Gabunada? Ressa has cyber libel, tax evasion and violation of anti du "
" I'm such a fake filipino I read that as buhn-soe"
"Admin Secretary Required - Abu Dhabi Honest &amp; Straightforward Self Motivated and Hardworking Pleasant person "
"filipino  "
"wait lang anon di na gumagana filipino ko"
" I prefer dogs over cats and I better in Filipino than English HAHAHAHHAHAHA"
"The Filipino worker is not lazy. The Filipino workers are not slowpokes. Rather than giving special treatment to ot "
" : toxic filipino culture??  pag may boyfriend ka,di ka na makakatapos ng pagaaral at maaga ka daw mabubuntis ba namang mind"
" : hello sa mga filipino swifties dyan, let's become mutuals plss"
" Friends nya..cya nmn hindi.friend kc inaabuso nmn..kwawa Filipino.suko agad ang leader"
"You are invited to the 2019 Filipino Mental Health Well-Being Summit in Los Angeles on April 13, 2019. More details "
"When our teacher in Filipino said, Gusto ko nang maglumpasay and Tila gusto ko nang tumambling  felt that. "
"ros almost sounds like a native filipino speaker we love a filipina "
" Huh filipino ka ba? Or should i ask, tao ka ba? HAHAHAHHA"
" :  Mukhang alaga na naman ni Gary V yung foreigner, may talent agency sila diba? Sabagay, di naman kasi Filipino s"
"sana wla si p6 at filipino bukas hahahahaha"
" amount of clean up in our rivers and esteros will result to anything if we don segregate and recycle garbage "
"Others: With honor award              With high honor award              Best in Math, English, Filipino "
"most girls reach their adult height by 14 or 15. the average filipino woman's height is 5'4  sabihin na lang nati "
"filipino movies are finally on netflix!! i is happy"
"   the earliest recorded Chinese direct contact to the Philippines was in 982 "
"Yung love story nila carla at Vince nag simula kasi talaga nung 4th grading ng filipino HAHAHAH minsan magkatabi, m "
"I admired this group, daghan na kaykong nabadlung nga nagshare og fake news, ang uban welcome lang man, willing ma- "
"i can never understand filipino moms and their christian humor"
"Day 90 [] I purple you . Today, we finished our project for our subject filipino. I will still be stressed "
" :  : Here are the most viewed categories by women in specific countries and regio "
" : These Senate aspirants vow to risk lives to defend West Philippine Sea "
" For sure if bh did bundles this time she would be singing a different tune. In Filipino we call that "
" : Remember when Duterte ordered AFP to shoot and kill peasants struggling for their right to land?  his Oplan Tokhang"
"anito statue #drawing #pencil #illustration #ilostrado #anito #taotao #filipino #baybayin #art #culture : Iloilo "
"Meu amigo filipino Archie Gallego e Danilo Arantes. As aulas de kali cada vez mais poliglotas, al do ingl a pre "
" : Please lang lets vote for  FCPC Baliktanaw! team speak Filipino pride #WoDphTOP3"
" : #ZGIRLS #CARLYN : carlyn cabel ocampo: november 15, 1995 : filipino &amp; ig:  "
" i don't live in the philippines but i'm filipino tho "
" : Sorry but it might offend you. When a filipino singers compete on international stage like Britain XFactor tapos natatalo naii"
" : #Eerie  the best filipino horror movie to date! 10/10"
" : What an amazing FILIPINO MOVIE. #EERIE  Quality. #ProudPinoy"
"Half-Filipino  stupid.  Life of Maria Lin [Redacted]"
"I think all filipino fangirls and those who knows the language felt  's Kahit Ayaw Mo na. When "
"Diokno says gov should protect Filipino fishermen against harassment in West PH sea "
"ok but why haven I made a Filipino song playlist on Spotify tho? br"
"i was chatting with my mom and brought up plans that my cousin was bringing her fianc this xmas :  pa siya ma "
"filipino be liike "
"How similar are we???%- 05 liner%-seokjin biased%- appreciates hyung line%- Filipino%- chubby &gt;.&lt; "
" english, tagalog, and bisaya which is a filipino dialect :)"
" English, Tagalog (Filipino), Learning Korean, a lil bit of Spanish"
"These Senate aspirants vow to risk lives to defend West Philippine Sea "
"How many languages do you speak at your home ?  3. English, Filipino, Thai... Tho i can't understand much of Thai "
"i can't give my mom a card for my filipino req "
"Perstay ko nun manonood ng filipino horror movie kung papanoorin ko yung eerie "
"si daniel ung tangang bida sa mga filipino dramas dito. sarap sampalin eh pero kith nalang kita niel "
"Pinagsasabay ko ang pag asikaso ng ICON, review sa Exam, at Thesis sa Filipino.  hinay lang Lord may RD pa "
"Amazing evening with the  family supporting our Filipino athletes!  Congrats onechampionship for an ama "
"I saw a lot of posts about how good Eerie was, and I agree and disagree. Yes, the movie is different (story wise) f "
"WENT FULL ON WHY HE LIKES BEING FILIPINO: in this essay, i will,"
"My brother who's practically born and raised here his whole life is so cute abt his filipino roots. I asked him if "
"Awa lagi, ma sir jed level akong filipino skillz hahahahahah "
"&gt;be filipino&gt;people have 0% internet culture&gt;can't relate to anyone&gt;no friends&gt;mfw "
"Isang binatang filipino yeah "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"Why do Pinoys think it okay to operate on Filipino? "
"kevin filipino king! "
"for filipino fans who want to purchase, renji random items for sale just opened a preorder! it not a split so i "
"i don't want to be that bitch but... filipino people who speak korean for no reason at all??? why??? just why are y "
"Eerie was the best Filipino Horror movie  I've watched so far "
"  In an interview with CNN, one of our senators was asked if he thought of himself as l "
"Fave filipino ulam?  SINIGANG  "
"Cheers to these guys! "
"pag sa Filipino, binuhay si Jose Rizal char hehe "
" Then I guess, you should've said I prefer a pure blooded filipino to win. Rather than A pure blooded filipino should win."
"first choice Filipino keeper facing "
"this is why i love filipino boys :,) "
"IT'S #TXT MEME TIME! (Filipino)#Tomorrow_X_Together     "
"Spring 1942. Filipino troops train w a .30-cal water-cooled machine gun. They are valiant fighters; yet neither th "
"Kartilya of Katipunan open our eyes with the reality of life as a Filipino"
" : It so easy to think: oh, it normal, everyone always late. It okay to show up late too! is it really? Just "
" : Folayang and Aoki first squared off in 2016, with the former winning the bout. The Filipino fighter has always regarded his fo"
" Ernestine turning 14-30-2005 sila Fam... :&lt; City"
"  ang cute ko, ang underrated ng Filipino at sining, sana MAIPAGLABAN NA NATIN 'YON 'PAG TEACHE "
" But if they're deserving to win, then let them be. Filipino branding? I can't see filipino brand on VP "
"FILIPINO PALA TONG KANINA KO PANG KAUSAP BUSET NATATAWA AKO HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA PAUBOS NA ENGLISH-ING SKILLZ KO IH HAHAHAHAHAHA"
"Filipino x Japanese Cuisine with bomby love   "
"Folayang and Aoki first squared off in 2016, with the former winning the bout. The Filipino fighter has always rega "
"This is my attempt to share with you the beautiful clich imagery that was shared with us today. the typic "
"Sa Filipino ata kabanata 1-36 essay type hahaha summarization "
" Sick ass Filipino culture, can be proud of the littlest things."
"Immigration officers at NAIA intercepted 30 undocumented overseas Filipino workers disguised as tourists bound for "
"It so easy to think: oh, it normal, everyone always late. It okay to show up late too! is it really? "
" Well there will always be people like me who would prefer a pure blodded Filipino to win. Its not discrimi "
"Immigration officers at NAIA intercepted 30 undocumented overseas Filipino workers disguised as tourists bound for "
"We keep on having a lot of filipino acts on international competitions too. Kapag olats, Filipinos get mad and rant "
"just glancing at the #WorldPoolMasters on Sky Sports Mix, and this canadian guy, Alex Pagulayan, he looks more filipino than canadian."
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"Still Kudos to Filipino pride Folayang   #ONEChampionship"
"lmao filipino professional basketball players dancing to love shot  IM SCREAMING "
"Uyyy ang ganda ng Errie! Yun palang yung filipino horror movie na nagustuhan ko. Highly recommended! "
" : PLS RETWEET! for: UST Architecture Student currently enrolled in AY 2018-2019 (ANY YEAR LEVEL) through E-ma"
"I may be addicted to kdramas and kpop, but never their foods. I prefer Filipino foods over samgyupsal, bibimbap, ramyeon and etc."
"In less than 6 months, Filipino Champions in One FC reduced from 5 back to 1  Si Vera ragyud ang consistent so far hahaha"
"Miss ko na din yung kopyahan natin na super lupet HAHAHA kahit asa harap natin yung teacher di pa din tayo nakikita "
"It really broke my heart everytime I saw how my fellow Filipino losed."
"K Point Gym presents Summer Clinic Promo. tomorrow April 1, 2019 (Soft opening). We are now officially ac "
"ngayon pa lang mag-aaral para sa filipino... Uh oh"
" :    AFP....your loyalty should be to the constitution and to the Filipino people."
"no one's gonna do it but fine: jana are you: /100 - filipino/asian - pisces - ao3 fic hoarder - w "
"ONE has lost 2/3 filipino champs in one night fml"
"  i 'll be more proud if the winner is PURE Filipino, but what can we do judges themselves are not 100%"
"  We keep on having a lot of filipino acts on international competitions too. Kapag olats, Filipi "
"ohhhh so pusoy dos  is basically filipino poker, cool"
"how to tell your filipino parents that you're an atheist: don't"
" I think every Filipino knows an ate (sister) named  "
"I don't care anymore if you became the Batch winner or not, coz for me, you already win Fumi. You already win the h "
" : Ang perfect ng wardrobe nilang tatlo, filipino designers are really supreme... ang gagaling ...#TheAcesAtAraneta"
"  Kung qualified kang magtrabaho sa #BuildBuildBuild mag-apply ka... wonder what happe "
"Chines svensk m.m "
"A 2005 report: Due to lack of agricultural competitiveness, it constrains the potential growth in the sector as low "
"[Stole from my TL ] SIMILAR ARE WE ? - Treasure Maker/iKONIC  - Filipino - Working - "
" Mukhang alaga na naman ni Gary V yung foreigner, may talent agency sila diba? Sabagay, di naman kasi Fil "
"You all must watch Eerie,it's the best Filipino horror movie ever "
" ults skz(kinda) smart don't match HAHAHA"
" at the expense of poor Filipino children "
"ma'am sign-i na akong clearance sa Filipino :(((("
" im just waiting for them to call u a Filipino slur"
"many ppl were looking at me weird at the venue yesterday cos i was speaking in english and they probably thought th "
"*Filipino"
"  Gary V is not pure Filipino I think. But that should not be the reason why he cherry p "
" : Filipino siblings invent lamp that runs on just water and salt it can last for 8 hours straight! - Good Times https"
" KRISTINA AKA POKPOK NI SEOKMIN LEGAL AGE PWEDE NA  20,2000 BIAS BIAS PERO MINWONSEOK  "
"Made breakfast fried rice. There are whole months when I don't do anything remotely Filipino like I was raised. The "
"Nakita ko tula na ginawa ko para sa filipino last sem. Para sa grades lang talaga 'to jusko walang feelings. I am n "
" You did not say this?! Really?! What a fool?! Dapat nagpabakuna ka na dn  and ang buong cla "
"are u even pure filipino  hala? yes yes "
" Sorry, but I was referring to the tweet above. Where a a pure blooded filipino should win this com "
"dalagang filipina pero kung kumain binatang filipino huhu"
"filipino love stories will never get old "
"listening to sad filipino songs thank you nana"
"all in all, it was such a nice filipino horror movie especially the content, naa ky ma kutlo jud hahaha"
"I know this is not essential but I always wanted one. Bought a plasma ball hahaha. #igersmanila #igerspinoy "
" : VPeepz, composed of dancers from 11 to 16 years old, beat Battle Droids from Belgium with their dance routine of Eve"
" : Throughout history, anti-Asianness has been written into American policy Chinese Exclusion Act, Alien Land Laws, Filip"
" : S&amp;S! Poacher stole  wild #tortoises &amp; left for dead at Filipino Airport. When officials opened suitcases shocked to find 1"
" :    I couldn't agree more. She's adorable and we (Filipino) love her so much.#AISXLISA"
"Nangangamoy madali ang exam sa filipino ahh .S. Kung alam niyo lang kung gano kagulo magbigay ng instruction gu "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"   I couldn't agree more. She's adorable and we (Filipino) love her so much.#AISXLISA"
"  Swedish-Filipino illustrator and designer here! "
"Are you a registered Filipino voter and going to vote on May 13, 2019 elections? I hope all of you will VOTE CHEL D "
"Sorry but it might offend you. When a filipino singers compete on international stage like Britain XFactor tapos na "
"May mga salitang ingles na hindi dapat isinasalin sa Filipino. Kasi imaginin mo nakapangasawa si Ryan Bang ng Filip "
"Filipino Stray Kids stans!!! rt for a follow :))"
"A Filipino Steak That Checks All the Weeknight Boxes "
"[ stole this from my moots :3 ] similar are we? = dark brown eyes = black straight hair = in "
"filipino (dont ask) "
"so i ended up watching filipino romcoms again wtf"
" Ang unfair kasi world of dance ph nga tas halos mga foreigners mga nanalo hindi ako basher ng mga n "
"Eeri Movie Review Thread movie is not typical filipino movie its world class level. and actress portra "
"hehe noli/el fili season nanaman. ready to fail na  filipino"
"Eto yung ginagawa ko nung time ng filipino nung nakaraan yung time na nagkukwento si maam ng ending ng Noli then ta "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"tangina when im speaking in filipino talaga ng tuloy tuloy,,, maaaaan u just made me so-"
"Please lang lets vote for  FCPC Baliktanaw! team speak Filipino pride #WoDphTOP3"
" Ge try daw filipino imo gamiton sa reflection paper sa math HAHAHAHAHAH"
" May mga Filipino singers nga sa X Factor UK eh, Filipino Talent sa America's and British Got Talent. "
" True true he a Big Man, a Filipino The Rock"
"  I one Big fans what meant was I listen to music crush and sing along sometimes glorio "
" : Hi guys bat ganyan diba World Of Dance Philippines bat naging mga foreigner mga representative pwera sa TEAM sila lang"
"  so filipino ka pala shet kinakabahan pa naman ako akala ko foreign ka jdjsnsksn "
"My girl Angela Lee just lost in devastating fashion but hopefully the best filipino mma fighter in the world can im "
" : Imagine ang magrepresent ng #WoD from Philippines sa international ay hindi Filipino(s). LMAO #WoDphTOP3"
"korean(people generally think i either white or asian) "
"Minsan ang hirap manood ng mga interviews ng mga Filipino sa youtube, kasi halatang wala silang pake sa sarili nating bansa."
"filipino parents go to the airport 6hrs before the flight  go 10 min before the flight"
"This is getting out of hand. As much as you have the right to express your opinion, the writer also has every right "
"TOXIC FILIPINO CULTURE: ka bibigyan ng chance na sabihin ang side mo kasi TAMA DAW PALAGI ang mga matatanda."
"may nakita akong filipino mukbanger na nagdasal bago kumain :))) ala ang qt lang"
" A Filipino kid passed away bec of that Momo thing. It was on our local news weeks ago. "
"So about that Filipino Fast Food was great, not oily at all. Pretty okay mashed potatoes but not a big fan "
" Performance wise, Luca and Jenalyn won. Sobrang flawless. If your basis is because they're half breed or "
"a Filipino horror film na dli jej HAHAHAHAHA"
"Imagine ang magrepresent ng #WoD from Philippines sa international ay hindi Filipino(s). LMAO #WoDphTOP3"
"Rooting for FCPC Baliktanaw to be Philippines representative to WoDUS. Why? Bc they obviously embody the essence o "
"  Bro gawin nating in Filipino mga pleadings natin sa August. Ano, game ka? Hahahahaha"
"During an argument with your Filipino parents:: Trying to make sense. Respect still there.  Filipino Pa "
"Di jologs ang filipino rap"
" : Filipino normie humor "
"so okayyyy, ngayon ko lg nalaman na dalawa pala ang defense bukas. Filipino at sa Simulation tanginaaaaaa "
"Filipino table etiquette: nay kutsarag tinidor, magkinamot "
"You would favor other countries rather than your own 'kapwa' Filipino... I'M SO DISAPPOINTED World of Dance!"
"A PURE Blooded Filipino should win this competition. #WoDphTOP3"
"Hi guys bat ganyan diba World Of Dance Philippines bat naging mga foreigner mga representative pwera sa TEAM sila l "
"BOSFILIPINOS'Noche Buena - A Filipino Christmas Eve'://t.co/5ALOCLl1Lh"
"sobrang nahihirapan ako mag translate ng english to filipino myghaaad send help"
" HAHAHAHAHAHAH saying goodbye to philosophy, phy sci and filipino "
"Eerie Movie set a different kind of standards in Filipino Horror Film  niyo "
"#Korea Coast Guard rescues Filipino captain off east coast "
" There are Filipino Chief Engineers na kapag tinawag mong Chief, sasama pa ang loob ksi indi daw nag "
"Team raider, team dalagang filipino,           ameeeeen "
"Hahaha hassle e sa filipino katamad mag sagot puta"
" :  I remember the time when Filipinos would discriminate against Chinese people that migrated to our country run"
"funny how filipino has so much spanish words in it"
"Yung napaghahalo ko na yung Pangasinan at Filipino. Whahahah. Ta ganun nga kami magsalita. Bakit eyyyy? Whahahahah"
"Filipino normie humor "
" Nah, now I just want to fuck Filipino boys "
" : Sims 4 Let's Build Series: Filipino Architecture Edition #7 Las Casas Filipinas De Acuzar Casas Filipinas"
"  Hahaha madali Filipino niyo hehe. Sino ba Teacher niyo? Diba si sir bok?"
"#agriculture #philippines"
" : stolen from everyone but how similar are we? (don let me flop ) - filipino - dark hair - 5 - s"
"Pinterest'Filipino Christmas Recipes'://t.co/CcZs18bePS"
"  this happen when u keep on covering supertitous stories ! stop with those aswang , multo "
"Walang Mali Kaya? Kayang Mali? Filipino Gtade is shakinggg"
" yes what is filipino????? HAHA"
"Filipino Food: Popular Dishes of the Philippines That You Have To Try! international foodies have despised Ba "
"21. other languages i speak: i only speak two, hence: filipino and english"
"   AFP....your loyalty should be to the constitution and to the Filipino "
" : Di ko alam kung bakit ang dali natin ma-intimidate sa mga Pilipinong may accent mag English. Alam mo yung totoong nakaka-in"
"The LAYF cycle continues again this time around. They truly destined to be friends dahil they can connect with o "
" : Sims 4 Let's Build Series: Filipino Architecture Edition #4 Manila Metropolitan Theater was designed by arc"
"   De um filipino ainda"
" it's a filipino fictional story, it's on wattpad and the name of the author is: jonaxx"
"HIIIIIIII I made a new fan acc for dear stray kids only. rt if you are a stay. I FILIPINO STAY, and I will follow y "
"Had lunch at United Street Food Festival. Went to Filipino Ese #food #frankfurt  R "
"Ako rin! Hahaha forever straight A's in English and Filipino  pagdating sa Fil 105 umiiyak na ko lagi sa Riz "
"Let's celebrate Filipino pride and good vibes this Sunday night!, we are giving away an Oryspa package to the "
" filipino jsksks"
"*my mom upon ruining my new pair of pants which I've worn just once*: ay nahawaan, labhan ko ulit : *cries i "
" : We all enjoyed  Huling El Bimbo, an original Filipino musical.  Great heartwarming must see show! Congrats to dextermsant"
"Pls like this filipino flag for gud luck:"
"suggest kayo ng magandang filipino movie bi rawr"
"FILIPINO Homes is always ready to HELP you find your DREAM HOME that suits your needs and lifestyle! &lt;3 site t "
"Which is worst Filipinos who try to prove foreign celebrities have Filipino blood or Filipinos who were born in ano "
" : Mga dalaga binatang Filipino/Filipina yeah  "
"ANY FILIPINO STANS HERE? putekK wag na kayong mahiya lumabas na kayo mga JoNeLLLLLLLLLL"
"So, here's some insight on how I was raised by a strict Filipino mom. There's was #2 God and #1 Filipino Mom ...yes "
" : Hindi sa pagiging eksaherada ah, pero punyeta yung scoring and cinematography ng #Eerie guys, pakaganda! Haha. Eerie vibe han"
" : Sharon Cuneta (Filipino singer) : Pasay, Philippines of birth: 1966-01-06: Boston University://"
" pati yung sa filipino"
"Rich Pakistani boyfriend in Oman versus poor carabao-agent husband in the Philippines...  "
" : Benigno S. Aquino WALA ginawa sa mamamayang Filipino. As in WALA!SALOT pa sa bansa,nandyan ang Hacienda Luisita Massac"
"EERIE is the BEST FILIPINO HORROR MOVIE!"
" These things are happening in the Philippines? and the Filipino people dont seem to care?"
"Nasaan na Filipino Lisa stan mag tweet kayo Guys Para lumabas na to sa trendlist  #AISXLISA"
"Coast Guard rescues Filipino captain off east coast "
"    thank god you're not the standard of filipino films"
"Mga dalaga binatang Filipino/Filipina yeah  "
"For a start, you, dutertae and his cabal of useless sycophants must resign so that those worthy of the people's tru "
"ang usapan kanina 1 pm tas naabot na lang sa 3 pm, gash sobra pa sa filipino time amp"
" ults stray kids and Filipino!"
"Here my Two Cents on Why Filipino Millennials Votes "
"Spooky Filipino Superstitions You Might Not Know About- a thread"
"another proof that filipino culture is toxic, she also a fan of a certain kpop group and the saddest part here is "
"Bukas pala ay Filipino food month"
"ITS CUTE TO SEE A FILIPINO SPEAKING OUR LANGUAGE ON A KOREAN VARIETY SHOW, what a cutie!!!!"
"Eerie My best filipino horror movie as of now"
" : A group of Filipino Creative Hub managers visited the UK last year to connect with British Creative Hub managers throu"
" Kaloka, kaya siguro Filipino ang major ni Bakla para di halata. Oooppppssss sorry in advance char"
" : Need mutuals~! if you stan- EXO- e)(o- LEGENDS EXO- JUNMYEON- MINSEOK- JONGDAE- BAEKHYUN- CHANYEOL- YIXING- SE"
"Authentic Filipino restaurant opens in Winston-Salem - Greensboro News &amp; Record "
" : since I just created this fan account, I want to have phixo mutuals. so, retweet this if you are a Filipino and you're a fa"
" the day will come when i be Very Good and consistent with my filipino narratives; but that day isn today, i "
" Yes, u know filipino people always chizmiz"
" Heyo~ I am a Filipino Army"
" : My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 |"
"who did this movie? This movie is so messed up, man  ng mga katabi ko  biglaang nood ng Eerie and infairn "
" this is so filipino/asian of me but liKE oils always help me sidshsj"
"my turn hehe = i'm flop pts - ults skz pts - ults ptg pts - 04 liner pts - filipino !!! pts - "
" : mga binatang filipino  "
"*slowly screams in filipino* doodle stuffs cause idk what to draw so i drew a few some Rez and expressions. "
"ok done with my incentive paper but like... now i gotta translate this to filipino... cmon google translate work your magic"
"how similar are we?? (of course stolen the idea form some of my mutuals) stan Hargree "
"Cathy Garcia-Molina is a Filipino legend"
"Lots of information on the supply of seafarers; Filipino seafarers are losing ground. "
"mga binatang filipino  "
"Helped a friend translating several law provisions/legal jargons into Filipino for his final exam. Hope they all "
"swerte kasi wala si sir bacs tas bawas reqs kasi wala si maam. pero bala kayo wala kayong petmalung teacher sa fili "
"OMG FILIPINO AISTS ARE NOW SINGING SOTME  Local mix who"
" : Maraming salamat Madlang Pips ng Casino Filipino Manila Bay. Sobrang Saya ninyo kasama kanina! Hanggang sa susunod po ulit ha"
" : Nakakataba po ng Puso!  salamat sa inyo Madlang Pips ng Casino Filipino Tagaytay Sobrang pinasaya ninyo po ako"
" : How filipino mom be like whenever we not home  "
"Katawa man ko sa pt namo sa filipino uy HHAAHHAHA"
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 | "
" : sana nag collab nalang ang research at filipino"
"HAHAHAHAHHAHA literally in every FILIPINO!!?? "
"Sobrang filipino tike pag may lakad ung tipong 1-2 oras na ako nag aantay wala pa din "
"Filipino family culture:You're wrong thanWhat's wrong nalang if you get it"
"Thai/laotianchinese, Filipino, Korean, Japanese, Vietnamese, Russian."
"So tonight is Filipino Fast Food... "
"Fight! "
"Ive been watching filipino movies on netflix and its taking over my life"
" : Wala akong gawa sa Filipino "
"when porkchop duo said,  success, more relatives toxic filipino culture felt that"
" : Outstanding Filipino contributions to humanity: A thread"
"Start the week off on a great note with fun karaoke sessions and a delectable spread Filipino cuisine. Get your "
"Prioritize Filipino workers  Villanueva - Manila Standard "
" :  I,   came in America in 1995. My first job in 1998-2009  PAYROLL &amp; Personnel"
"Ano pinaka-gusto mong manyareng april fools?: walang quiz sa filipino bukas' HAHAHAHHAH"
"Tinalikuran niya ang showbiz noon... hindi kaya niya nami-miss ang industriya?  "
" :  Blessed Friday!   amazing song entitled, Landslide, means to my life.  I, "
"mejo nakampante ako sa filipino kasi first sem pa lang pala may peta na agad kaming natapos."
"Female Chinese Purchase Manager and Filipino Junior Accountant (Dubai) ://t.co/M0SRkv4L5n"
" :  Aking Kababayan MABUHAY! #KapamilyaRelate Happiness and love matters the most. #FlashBackFriday and on, from me you"
"Wala akong gawa sa Filipino "
"How similar are we?- Hoseok biased - filipino- 03' liner- Potterhead- to Gryffindor "
"You are loved and always be loved  by millions of #TeamShirley  forever  and there will always be a 1 filipi "
"Parang ang hirap gumawa ng nursery rhyme na filipino. "
" toxic filipino culture?"
" : Maglo-load ng P50, gagastos ng sariling pera, dadayo sa Club Filipino at magbo-VOLUNTEER para sa #OtsoDiretso . #May"
"we should build some special type of drainage system for filipino anime adaptations cuz its worse than the filthies "
"filipino indie songs are very witty with their music videos aaa"
"kanina sumakay kami ng jeep tapos nakita ko teacher ko sa filipino hanep hiya ko sa kanya"
"Hi, I want home massage Filipino or black masseur #MassageInRiyadh"
"dalagang filipino yeaah  //maam_share"
"these two giving me more filipino pride than pacman YEAHHHHHH the bakla in me is celebrating  "
" I not Filipino! "
" FILIPINO FOR LIFE!"
"unsa bay drawing2 aning filipino oy"
" : Filipino Kevin Belingon loses his ONE bantamweight belt after being disqualiied for illegal elbows to the back of the head o"
" filipino card revoked,, hand it over ma'am "
"Sunday March 31, 2019 is absolutely the worst day for me because. I'am trying to prepare for my clearance but I don "
" 1. yza . i'm sarcastic. people crying/hurt. filipino (tagalog). dark dark dark brown. 34%. survive school"
"FILIPINO SWIFTIES! Wala lang, hanap ko lang kayo. Let's be mutuals and praise our Taylor Swift in own language."
" GAGO JAHAHAHHAHAHAAHHAAHHAHAHAH NAALALA KO SI LIAN HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA  YIEEE SA FILIPIN "
"feeling ko talaga makakalimutan ko mag-aral sa filipino, feeling ko lang talaga ah"
"rip filipino homework"
"   Pano po naging logical Ang Dalagang Pilipina Challenge bilang basehan ng pagiging "
"I really like the idea na horror siya but also waking up call sa audience na depression isn just something na we "
"Pa major talaga tong filipino. Dapat tinatanggal na talaga to eh ksksksksksks"
"freaking filipino paper, I don't understand shit."
"hindi ako mahusay sa filipino, pero bakit ako magsasagot neto!!!"
"Nakakaiyak filipino jusq"
"how similar are we      10 - scorpio    10 - asians (+100 if filipino)    10 - sweet/spicy food :D    10 - pa "
"loudspeaker while watching Filipino movies, dammit my roommate think am watching porn, coz lots of shouting by vice ganda hahhaahhaha"
" : Teaching the Filipino people, one page at a time. Thanks Wikipedia! #BongRevilla #Thief #Mandarambong #Plunderer https:/"
"One of the best Filipino Movies of all Time!! Checkkkk???? "
" he give you the desire of your heart and make all your plans succeed. Psalm 20:4#happybirthday #birthday "
"N acredito que vou ter aprender filipino pra poder cantar a m nova do now united.  poliglota que chama ne,  globais"
" : My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 |"
"Bby doesn want to go out w/ me kasi im always late daw. SORRY NA PO. FILIPINO TIME KASI DIBA PO  DI NA MAALI "
"Around of applause to a nice night out "
"dang i just finished watching 2 filipino movies, and sis my pillow sheet wet asf from me crying "
" : Thank God for Hooq - i got to finally watch 2 Cool 2 Be 4gotten and - my all-time favorite Filipino film - the restored versio"
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 | "
"Feast #FilipinoFood #FilipinoDish #Filipino #Food "
"tagalogs clowning bisaya people like we aren't filipino too. shut the fuck up with your i'm filipino and proud sh "
" : Do you have relatives or friends coming home for the summer?  #LifeStyle  "
"sana nag collab nalang ang research at filipino"
"Nakatapos nga sa research sa filipino at practical research wala pa namang naaaral para sa finalssss  ayokooo naaaaaaa!!!!!"
"Ojal el comentarista  que controla el internacional filipino"
"Filipino pride, Kelsey Merrit yan!!! Omg. Swerte mo   "
"Taena dko alam kung anong group aattendan ko bukas. Yung sa filipino ba or sa nstp. Sabay pa ng oras. Taena hatiin ko kaya sarili ko? ano? "
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 | "
"u know uve made it if ur song makes it to mainstream filipino tv..... congrats  going  guesting sa asap! "
"sinabi ko sa parents ko na nakakuha ako ng 101 na grades sa finals sa filipino sub. Grovi hindi sila naniniwala:((((("
"Facts! Filipino parents will dead ass lie to you about shit even when everyone already knows the truth  "
" Ganyan talaga pag nakasanayan ng Filipino ang ugaling WALANG DISIPLINA pero pag hinigpitan nman sila "
"No right thinking Filipino will ever vote for these Yellow Shits coz their agenda is to Distruct, Obstruct and Dera "
"Toxic Filipino Culture?  pagnicorrect mo yung tao tapos instead of saying  u they will say  iKaW nA m "
"Organic traditional Filipino dinner made from their own produce. Each dish was presented gourmet-style to tempt and "
"I swear english research papers are easier to do than fucking filipino ones nakakadugo ng ilong at utak magtranslate sir"
" :   we're looking for filipino rp handlers for a seventeen rp group that we're creating. Please dm me if in"
"Loving all the #SigawDarna posts! Filipino artists are amazing!"
" HAHAHAHAHA HYBRID MALA FIL-AM  filipino half american bully"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"4 sisters and a wedding will always be my fave Filipino movie HUHU "
"Truly spectacular image. &lt;3 "
"i really really love watching horror movies kahit ganern mga reactions ko, no one can stop me AHAHAHAHAHAHAHA. for "
"Filipino actress Queenie Padilla leaves Showbiz for Islam "
"Having a home you call your own is a dream for every Filipino. But the repayment does not have to be a lifelong com "
" am i the only one who speaks filipino here sjsjsjsjsj. i know english, filipino, bisaya, ilonggo, a l "
"nubenta hahaha naalala ko na naman filipino taymmmm!!"
"Batsilyer ng Pansekundaryang Edukasyon Medyor sa Filipino IT /self "
"Tangna PBA eh filipino time nakalagay sa Dyaryo 6 mag uumpisa all star 7 naman na nagsimula"
"Toxic filipino culture-  1. people with mental illness are seen as dramatic.. hypocrisy  "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
" empre filipino tym"
"Filipino food month? Your government just killed farmers in the dead of the month. Farmers who feed us. #Duterte "
"Pleaseeee, help me. 'm looking for a pisay scholar intern na hindi tiga-cbzrc, I need to interview you for an ass "
"It must be filo. Means filipino. . "
" 100 waw since i know english, filipino, ilonggo, a little little little little arabic when i get mad or "
"Zablan with (L-R) DTI USEC Abdulgano Macatoman, Filipino-Indian Chamber of Commerce's Mr. Ram, Ambassador  Jaideep "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
" : Omg! I hope i can get my Album too  Filipino Vampz who wants to Order Pm us! #THRILLA_KILLA #VAV "
""
"BSIT Major in Dancing! Pati filipino!"
" Ayan di nagawa filipino"
"kulot is filipino for curly"
"FILIPINO ARMYS WHERE ARE U NA MGA CHONG ANO FOLLOW KO KAYO DALI AT NG MAKAPAGYUGYUGAN NA NAMAN TAYONG LAHAT AT MAKA "
"#MMA An anticlimactic end to the bantamweight title bout between  and Kevin  Belingon "
" I have a lot of Filipino gaming friends and they're really nice and funny people."
"ohmahghad daghan naman kayu buhatooooonnnn/computer ."
"Pag may pera ka meron ka   wala ka nganga ka  ang Ugali ng tao or filipino na  dapat nating baguhin"
"        I know l "
"Filipino time nga naman. "
"hOy aba gawa muna ng Filipino  HAHAHHA sige boss HAHAHHA "
"We were discussing after watching #Eerie and what we liked about the film is that it is a Filipino horror movie tha "
"there ain't nothin in this world nothin in this world like my filipino boy "
" Ilang personalidad ng Super Radyo  at , tumanggap ng parangal sa Gawad Filipino Awards. #SuperBalitaSaGabiLinggo"
"how similar are we?- filipino- black hair- stans lany- stans billie eilish- stans dua "
" Ang harsh naman pag nilagay kong binatang filipino na autistic yeah"
"    I'm Filipino, we study world religions in high school and co "
" 100 aHAHAHHA i speak english, filipino, ilonggo (tho its still in Philippines sooo,) french, and littl "
"Filipino Kevin Belingon loses his ONE bantamweight belt after being disqualiied for illegal elbows to the back of t "
" "
"Please Filipino the I section 2005 and get information how to publish news "
" You ain't Filipino"
" LOOK: Bench endorsers showcase the latest collection from one of the country leading clothing brand "
" FILIPINO &amp; ENGLISH"
"Senator Joel Villanueva on Saturday urged Filipino traders and employers to give fellow countrymen preferential tre "
"Senator Joel Villanueva on Saturday urged Filipino traders and employers to give fellow countrymen preferential tre "
"Lol filipino"
"give a toxic filipino behavior na pinaka-ayaw mo talaga.  Using  Time as an excuse for not being punctua "
"Telesales Executive - Outbound - Tagalog Speaker (Filipino) "
"that's how toxic filipino culture is. "
"Raphael Luis Z. Redor High School Graduate Batch 2019 Filipino Academy 140-character limit of "
"*cries in filipino* "
"Looking for 2 Indian, Pakistani or Filipino male promoters for below locations: 1: Dubai 2: Abu "
"Somehow you can really tell if a comment or post was written by a Filipino that was brought up in the Philippines. "
"The worst part so far of having Netflix show all these Filipino romcoms lately is seeing Carmina Villaroel playing "
"I sexually identify as a Filipino food "
"  Malalalim kasi salita sa Filipino. May words din na walang translation sa English. Nakaki "
"how similar are we? pts   honey butter iz LayF pts  milktea/coffee pts  jihoon is big pts  gyuhan "
" filipino, english and currently learning korean and some japanese"
"Sa wakas matatapos na din sa Filipino ."
"ok next sy i swear im not gonna let any ap/fili teacher give me considerations,,,, im really going to try my best to speak filipino"
"  Alam mo bebe ang Filipino kasi yan ang subject na pinakamalapit sa English... Pero true n "
"ughhh parang weird ang pagkamali-mali ko sa pagsalita ng filipino????"
"DI BA KO MUKHANG FILIPINO? MYGHAD HAHAHAHAHHA"
" oh gosh sorry cant understand u plz speak in filipino "
"Toxic Filipino trait: parents or relatives who just blunty tell you you're fat or gained some weight in front of ot "
" : ICYMI | DFA calls out to kin of repatriated Filipino suffering from amnesia://t.co/9Tz6kebJsP"
"  Hahaha,ako talaga kapag filipino jusko di ko na alam pero hindi naman sa nahihirapan medyo lang "
"  Wow  naman ate genius,ako english din okay pero kapag talaga filipino ate jusko di ko alam"
" : when you're an artist, Filipino relatives are so fucking UNSUPPOIVE of your ventures but come running to you when they ne"
"  Hala ate Filipino? ako pag may pa quiz silang nalalam o kahit ano dyan walang review-r "
"WATCH: Ms Reina Hispano Americana-Filipino 2018  supports Gabriela's #LabananAngAbuso campaign. Huwa "
"filipino time pa rin yan charot"
" : Filipino Blinks we keep on winning! We own Blackpink Diaries Ep 4. Im so proud of us all.  I said what i said. https://"
"Anthony-Pablo Deconstruction of Federico Garcia Lorca  Wedding Translation by Anthony Du "
"this might flop but what the hell why not - Filipino  - memes  - aesthetics  - multi "
" im filipino"
" jshshsjs that's a Filipino curse word djhdhsjsks"
" : My first JENLISA AU [English &amp; Filipino] you find me? "
"Got chatted up on the street whether I speak Chinese, the other week I was asked if I Columbian  It interestin "
"  Sa akin naman filipino subject,sobrang nahihirapan ako"
" : TNTBoys has now become a staple of the Filipino weekend tv schedule. Fans of all ages await to have a glimpse of them,"
"The DJ last night played Bebot so my sis-in-law and her friends started chanting ! Filipino!  a frien "
"Accompanied by his Filipino friend Lester Codog, Mayweather checked in at Movenpick Hotel Resort and Spa on Boracay "
"Congratulations, mga Kapuso! "
"the filipino member from z-boys is from my university, ust,   hehe "
"i seen a lot of y do this so i joining the bandwagon similar are we? pts - ot7 pts - filipino "
"best in filipino but she doesn't even know the story of el filibusterismo lol"
"As a frequent flyer for , I am deeply disappointed. I chose your airline over Sing-Air, tho ur quoted value "
"The more that I hear from you &amp; know of you, the more sure I become that you deserve my vote.  You deserve to win. "
"English story theatre jingle film subjects exam tulog"
" also i'm not filipino i just know putangina aakjask"
"FILIPINO FOOD MONTH? More like FILIPINO FOOD LIFE  "
" : spanish-filipino-chinese in bio? um almost every filipino is a mix of that tho? ha ha"
"some ppl even told me that they thought i was filipino lmao????"
"It's so obvious there are a lot of Filipino fans in the Tokyo Stadium. Chants of Bellingon can be heard loudly. "
" Vamos filipino!!!! "
"toxic filipino culture: once na nagkamali ka, never kanang mapapabuti sakanila. "
"Kundi b naman mga ewan! Isinisi sa Duterte admin ang pambubully sa Filipino fishermen sa WPS, eh nagcmula yan nun p "
"watching filipino drama series on abs cbn make me cry even though there's less cringe in every scene"
"I think the best part of this is the fact that the Filipino movie playing is Four Sisters and a Wedding  "
"Bibiano Fernandes nearly KOd Kevin Belingon with an overhand right in the opening round. The Filipino was on very wobbly legs."
"President Duterte signed a proclamation last year declaring every April 'Buwan ng Kalutong Pilipino' or 'Filipino F "
" Filipino dramas = pulling each other hair"
"I hate sneezing coz mah Filipino ass thinks someone's talking about me "
"Binatang Filipino yow! "
"The country marks Filipino Food Month tomorrow! Tweet us your favorite local comfort food. #CNNPHAsks "
"ang tatalino ng mga filipino sa comment area  "
"Im really fascinated with our local comics grabe !!! Sobrang galing ng mga filipino artists :c"
"some may seem that a P1,000 good is cheap in this economy but that's almost the amount of a daily family living wag "
"Adobong baboy sa gata or pork adobo in coconut milk is a version of Filipino pork wherein coconut milk or cream is "
"So inspiring ang kuwento, ang husay pa ng gumanap! &lt;3 "
" : ang toxic lang talaga nong filipino tradition na kapag sumagot ka mali ka,bastos ka. "
"Accompanied by his Filipino friend Lester Codog, Mayweather checked in at Movenpick Hotel Resort and Spa on Boracay "
"SINONG FILIPINO PRESIDENT ANG AYAW MANAMIT? *kunwarimaykausapako*  si UNDRESS Bonifacio"
"Marerevoke a Filipino card mo if wala loljk "
" : Pota. Legit  yung EERIE!!! time ko matakot sa filipino movie  Congrats sa mga cast!!! #EERIE #MSPAT"
"26) Genuine Happiness, ever since ; Wealth (duh who doesn't); 1.00 IN FILIPINO HUHUHU M' DIVINE KAHIT NGAYON 4TH Q "
" : Pero sa lahat ng horror filipino movie eto yung pinaka the best! #eerie"
" : My grandfather had me eating jackfruit since I was 5 years old and I not even Indian, I Filipino. Almost all of Asia"
"filipino parents mindset r so toxic dejarme hacer lo q quiera sin tener q meteros, mind your own business ugh"
" : Eerie is the best Filipino horror movie so far "
"Let support d very first &amp; only #Filipino #RadioStation in #Doha #Qatar  #QabayanRadio 94.3 #MusicPaMore "
" : EERIE WAS 10/10 first filipino horror/thriller that didnt only live up to my expectations but actually exceeded them "
"if not for my brother i would've slapped this bitch a long time ago, you're a visitor, a guest, my brother's gf, cu "
"     OMG URE A FILIPINO? WE-"
"I have so much white privledge that I'm actually a Filipino  #MyWhitePriviledge"
"Moved Up  Honors Award in Filipino in Mapeh Scholarship for Incoming Grade 11 "
"Hindi ko inakalang may mutual na magd-dm sa'kin dun sa fan acc ko. Feels weird. Hindi pa Filipino. "
"     Sis I Filipino too but I can obviously read "
" Naa sa filipino na book hahahahahahahaha"
" All Filipino moms"
"The Duterte administration has committed to increase the country peacekeeping operations under the banner of the "
"The Duterte administration has committed to increase the country peacekeeping operations under the banner of the "
" : #Eerie is by far the best Filipino horror film I watched after Sukob &amp; Feng Sui. From the sounds, screenplay, storyl"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"*Naka 99 sa Filipino* di parin tinatangkilik ang sariling atin."
" LUV U ZEE!! u got thissss (lalo na yung report sa filipino tom)"
"Need help po sa mga filipino stays or any fandoms na nakakaalam. Pwede po kaya itong card na ito pambayad sa online "
":san mo naman nakuha yan? darl: sa kaibuturan ng aking puso malalim naman tagalog neto, iba talaga pag may S "
"Anthony-Pablo Deconstruction of Federico Garcia Lorca  Wedding Translation by Anthony Du "
"send more filipino words"
" Pero best in Filipino jud HAHAHAHAHAHAHA"
"    i'm filipino sjsksks we-"
"Does every Filipino have an outrageously gay uncle? Real question"
" : Calling all Filipino Fans! We have a party to celebrate!  Mark the date 3.31.19 you at Cafe Amazon - SM North Edsa Ann"
"FILIPINO IS THE NEW PE"
"Hello from 2019 Mio, still happening to be purely Filipino and a noble insomniac. Glad to meet you guys. "
"philippines is so lucky, im filipino but i cant relate to philippines. its beauty really  "
"THEY'RE AT IT AGAINexcuse me, are you a Filipino? "
"KAYATA IMBIS FILIPINO AKO TUN AN GA SIGE RAMAN KOG TAN AW UG NARCOS UY MAY BAYLO GYUD MIG NAWNG NI PABLO ESCOBAR RON. PENDEJO, HIJO DE PUTA"
"may lahi kaba aside hit filipino?  Half Bombay half Japanese= Bompanese "
"kung sana puro Filipino at Math ang subject bukas edi ganado akong papasok"
"i wonder how other filipino parents are, because i really love mine of course but sometimes they really go far... l "
"    I do remember that. I got into a fight behind it, as my BFF is Filipino "
"Hi mutuals! - Filipino  - ultimate is Seventeen 1 - been to their concert - 99 liner 9 "
"i really feel that eerie is another hyped up predictable filipino horror movie. if based sa mga posts, probably in "
" : My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 |"
"Most of my tweets began in english and ends in Filipino language, parang eto."
"Wondering bat ako maalam mag tagalog although i grew up in the us syempre filipino nmn talaga ako eh"
"Ang nyo po! Joseph the artist! LODI! "
"Sabaa sa filipino blinks uy hahaha#BLACKPINKDIARIESep4"
" : #Eerie Sobrang amazing. Akala ko same old same old typical Filipino horror movie pero hindi. Scare: 10/10 :"
"Someone with artistic capabilities should draw Duterte with a Chinese flag riding a jetski towards the Philippines "
"You're really overselling Korean bbq, it just dry and  bland. You should try chicken or pork adobo #filipino "
"Filipino Time Yea!!"
" : Pasear a lomos de un caballo por el cortijo y a continuaci masaje filipino "
" : Salute! Nice to see the  honor a 103-year old Filipino World War II veteran on military appreciation night. Very t"
"The boys ran to the front to pin their best friend's ribbon because his parents were not around... &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 "
"Filipino boys are cute din pala. Now ko lang narealize  "
" : Dati : ng buong section ng tropa ng buong section ng buong section (With adviser) ng tropa sa school"
"  At first ang akala ko what the Filipino needs eh yung may kamay na bakal, yung may kakata "
"  Jusko kung pwede lang na hindi.  this for the Filipino children. "
" : Kabobo ko sa filipino grammar tol makalungkot"
"oomfs let play how ali are you:  baby: kuanlin &amp; chenle : dancing + singing: milktea : al "
" : Toxic Filipino Culture: Imemeessage ka lang kapag may kailangan. Pag Hindi mo magawa or mpagbigyan sa favor na hinihingi I"
" just english and filipino "
"Registration is now up! Streamers Game Night (SGN) is a brand new event dedicated for avid Filipino gamers, and asp "
"unpopular toxic filipino culture: wrong grammar and spelling sa english, grabe kung makapag husga pero pag mal "
"how similar are we? pts - ult girl groups pts - salty &gt; sweet pts - non sauce in food pts - filipino "
"What an amazing FILIPINO MOVIE. #EERIE  Quality. #ProudPinoy"
"   The only real positive that can come out of this harassment is if the Filipi "
" : i was looking for p2 oral pictures and LOOK AT WHAT I FOUND "
" the Filipino American National News would relish the opportunity to interview you sometime in the near fu "
"Since everyone else is doing this imma join...how similar are we???  - Taehyung biased - Filipino "
" filipino &amp; mangoes "
"#Eerie  the best filipino horror movie to date! 10/10"
" : LOOK: Fancy a balut tonight? Check out these posh balut recipes during the 31st Balut sa Puti Festival of the Municipality"
"Toxic Filipino Culture : Pag may kasama kang lalaki jowa muna "
" :  Kaya huwag iboto ang otso deretso sa senado. Sobra at obvious ang suporta ng ABS CBN para makakusot sila"
"It's not just the Catholic or Christian Vote. It's the Filipino Vote, the one that ensures that our leaders serve t "
" :  Sueldo ng LP BPO Cubao today hahaha ang galing ng training ng LP trolls hanep hindi mga Filipino mga tuta ng muk"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
" ddjjddj its an iconic line from a filipino movie "
" Eh, Do you export garbage? he is unexportable. the way, I am an agent. I put on my "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"four sisters and a wedding aka the best filipino movie ever "
"CHEAPEST FILIPINO STREET FOOD! Eating at ROXAS NIGHT MARKET in Davao Phi... "
" *hurts internally in filipino oppa"
"Working with the Philippine Embassy Tel-Aviv to bring personal safety and security awareness and self protection to "
"Harinawa ALL!  &lt;3 Dapat daw ay magsilbing inspirasyon sa mga  lider ng lokal na pamahalaan ang kauna-unahang 24/7 p "
"How similar are we? - Hot Chocolate - Scorpio - October Baby - Smol bean - Filipino "
" : No one can tell the future, but one thing's for sure plays a big part in it.   industry leaders and experts from "
"Binge watching Sandara Park's Filipino movies  kiliiig!!"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"Filipino nalang gyud bayyyyy ugma lang"
"i really got sucked into the filipino asap fangirling ship naming couples mess that i always made fun of when i was younger"
" : Parr wala akong notes sa filipino"
" jshsjsjs the science and math part is okay baby and i love how you figured out i am a Filipino just by putangina hsgshsjsj ily "
"mura siyag filipino version na pre-debut na pic na mahalungkat sa fans makasuya "
"LAHAT ENGLISH. EXCEPT SA FILIPINO LANGUAGE. pero im not proud uwu im ashamed kasi bIBIGYAN KA NG SUKLI NI MANONG In "
" somehow it eluded me that you're Filipino. the design!"
"Parr wala akong notes sa filipino"
"Message to the Filipino youth from our reigning Reina Hispano Americana Filipinas 2018, Ms. Alyssa Muhlach-Alvarez "
" : Gosh, Filipino  is interested (and very rightly so!) to interview citizen journalist and MH17 researcher "
" : All-female Filipino team of senior high students bags 1st place in entrepreneurship tilt "
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 | "
"Its up to the Filipino Eddie to win it for the rest of the Eddies now"
"You guys must watch #Eerie it is not just an ordinary Filipino Horror Movie. Napaka ganda niya expect the unexpecte "
"Filipino food naman sana huhu"
"Un #pescador #filipino guardaba bajo su cama una #perla de 34 kg y un valor de 100 millones de d estadouniden "
" im not filipino &amp; i suck at math n science "
"You ain't a true Filipino if you havent chowed adobong chicken feet. "
"Filipino Youth Digital Activists Fight Fake News and Disinformation Filipino Youth Digital Activists Fight Fake New "
"Kahit saan talaga filipino time si jordan bobo talaga"
" sns au wikang filipino elem, magkabarkada na sina kyungsoo at jongin. na rin ang turing nila "
"Bulag pa rin ang karamihan sa mga Filipino kahit matatalino naman ang mga ito.... "
"pretending to be a good girl?     (n) sfw     switch     actually a softie &amp; a crckhd     im baby : ( "
" You should now make an averge filipino house or a whole barangay LOL"
" Filipino Squat  "
"this is completely stolen but hEY- yujin stan- wiz*one- loves to eat- jinjoo shipper pt "
" : i hate not being able to understand filipino"
" : what this surge of darna art is telling me is that there are sooo many amazing filipino artists out there and man, i hop"
"The Comprehensive Field Guide to Filipino Bread #Esquiremag.ph via . And the  "
" Some interesting history: Rajah Sulayman of Manila was a vassal of Brunei's Sultan. In the Malay wor "
"my crush is incomparable. he's cute. when he smiles it lights up the whole room. not the typical ideal filipino man na maputi etc.;"
"Ulan- filipino- Nadine Lustre, Carlo Aquino- story of a girl's adventures about love- full of imagery and symbol "
"We are the leading science high school in the asia pacific region, preparing our scholars to become globally compe "
" Filipino Major daw kasi sya..  kaya TWEETER "
"Filipino. Muntik nako di maka graduate ng HS.  Matandang dalaga kasi yung teacher nmin. Tapos laging galit saken. P "
"hate ko daw ang filipino culture kasi ayoko sa love teams  di ba pwedeng preference?"
"#CitizenServices is the Filipino access to diverse information on civil registration, passport application, and o "
"You're not a Filipino if you don't know any of these annoying attitudes. Mentality-Kugon Habit "
" : Since March 3 at Texas, Todd Peterson has thrown:.2 IP, 7.80 ERA, 16 H, 3 BB, 10 K #LSU"
"Hindi naman pala mahina si Reb-reb.  Mukhang sya ang pinakamalakas, matapang, ma-prinsipo at may saysay.   y "
"where to get clothes para sa filipino???"
" : I honestly don't know how to review in filipino"
" : Hey  Definitely these not covered by press freedom 1) violating 100%Filipino mass media ownership 2) using d"
"Pero tinangal ko lahat and i left only 16 girls i know who are great in skills and good at activities. wanna "
" Sapakin mo yung mga filipino mga close minded eh no"
" :    Filipino fans.. this will be awesome! Dont miss this amazing night with Dami. You"
"Iwata and Fukuda is a Japanese family name but Filipino companies produce the products in their brands."
"Darna was never really a big part of childhood. It was just something everybody knew about cuz she's an iconic Fili "
"joining the bandwagon- softie- filipino-chinese- speaks more than 3 languages- dumb as fuck - "
"This got to be one of the most beautiful Filipino paintings! "
"On our 4th and final round for today we emerged 3rd. There was great camaraderie and lots of love among Thai, Chine "
"If they were built by the Chinese, Filipinos would still owe money.. seriously, Filipino historians, make copies of "
"Support OPM bat sinasabihan na ang jejemon ko kapag nakikinig ako sa kanta ng Filipino hiphop artist? Like Pr "
" : filipino ahgases may have never experienced a got7 concert yet but we are pretty much ready!  BETTER INCLUDE THE PHIL"
"Thank God for Hooq - i got to finally watch 2 Cool 2 Be 4gotten and - my all-time favorite Filipino film - the rest "
"IM DOING THIS AGAIN DONT IGNORE ME :( - loonateen  - bibliophile - hasnt been to a concert :( "
" filipino and english"
"any underrated filipino book u guys can recommend me ?"
"Halos lahat ng mga half-Japanese-Filipino na kilala kong nakatira sa Japan, mas gusto nila dito sa Pinas."
"Hi tAy isang dalagang Pilipina naman jan HAHAHHAHA  Ay sorry nak. Binatang Filipino 'to na gusto ng Dalagang Filip "
"Yo where that vid of a Filipino man eating a rat alive"
"Sa tanan filipino horror movie sa Eerie lang jud ko mu hands down grabeeeeee ka"
"7. I was born in Nagoya Japan though im a pure blood Filipino. . I can speak Japanese when i was a kid. But now i "
" : Who afraid of Filipino farmers?  the same one who afraid of addicts  homeless "
" : old (left) vs. new (right) apprentice design maybe???? these are so sketchy and unfinished/lame but there he is. That's my"
" : DOESN'T MATTER IF SHE'S FILIPINO. What does that have to do with anything. I'm never gonna fucking go out with you. http:/"
" This reminds of a depiction of Bathala I found in a children's book abt Filipino myths and stories "
"Kabobo ko sa filipino grammar tol makalungkot"
"Filipino Culture: may nakita silang binubugbog Ivivideo tapos titignan lang walang magbabalak na umawat or tumawag ng police "
"Mapapataas ka naman talaga ng kilay eh!  Kapag hindi pinadalhan, itatakwil na ang nanay? Jowskopo! "
"I do not believe that being Filipino relies solely on one preference of things, nor the way one was raised, nor "
"  is an american disguising as Filipino in orderto destroy Du30 admin thru her Rappler. She is "
"Okay let me add more KSJSKZBZKSN - Has brown eyes- Wears glasses- Filipino pakshet yea- Has dark brown "
"I want to be a very very vERY productive na tao. And Filipino. Kaso napapa english din ako. Pwede naman yun if kail "
"I heard Filipino babies actually act as midwives in their own pregnancies. "
" : Filipino moms be like  "
"Half Filipino Half Indian but I suck at both mother tongues. "
" Im a 5'7 filipino who love catssss"
"Hala Filipino yung theme ng JHS pati SHS narin huhu"
"I think I the only Filipino who can sing "
"Ano yung nagustuhan mong ugali ng mga filipino?  Masiyahin pa rin kahit problemado. "
" 60 lol. And hi! Filipino ka rin lol"
"Ano yung ayaw mong ugali ng mga filipino?  Walang disiplina. Ayun talaga eh! Kung may injection lang na yung fluid "
"This some really filipino stuff here "
"40. Filipino and 1/8 Spanish"
"A very special interview w/ HiFi Kitchen's chef/owner Justin Foronda! After filling up on vegan la'ing &amp; Filipino s "
" : Uniting behind  is the smartest thing a Filipino can do. It's obvious that he represents the biggest threat to t"
" 10 pts: Chinese-Filipino   pts: YoonJin 25/8  pts: Bookworm  pts: Health professional "
" filipino words are so fun bc its full of emotions"
"Filipino phenom Danny The King Kingad punches his ticket into the ONE Flyweight World Grand Prix semifinals with "
"i never realize how fucking filipino i am until i at work and i look when a random ass dad goes !"
" : hurt road filipino version "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
" : how similar are we  - multi  - bi/pan - PUBG - jinnie  - filipino and/or aussie - cance"
"Telesales Executive - Outbound - Tagalog Speaker (Filipino) | | #HiringDubai "
" : nakakalungkot isipin na swerte nalang kung maituturing ang pagkakaroon ng mga kandidatong katulad ni Gutoc. THE FILIPINO"
" : 'Child sex tourism': Perth man jailed for 11 years for molesting Filipino girl overseas "
" : Filipino Danny Kingad hurdles first test in ONE flyweight grand prix with unanimous decision win over Japanese Senzo Ikeda #"
"hurt road filipino version "
"Sa tingin mo, ano yung pinaka kinakailangan ng mga filipino para umunlad ang bansa?  Discipline. "
"Eerie is the kind of horror film that I've been looking for from Filipino film makers."
"TOXIC FILIPINO CULTURE have to live your life the way how they wanted you to and if you fail them they'll make you feel like sht. w3w"
"Rehearsals for Grade 10 and 12 (April 1, Monday) :00-5:00 PM - Grade 10 Sections: 4 - 10 :00-7:00 PM - Grade "
"pure filipino ka?  Hhahahahaha dire pero slight nala nga dire hahaha since tak mga kalolohan ngan kalolahan kay ma "
"  Since you still insist your egocentric agenda, then go off I guess.  filipino trait "
"Bakit kaya uso ang crab mentality sa mga filipino?  Because of the word envy :))) "
"can i just say that, barong tagalog designs and filipino tribal patterns should be incorporated into male filipino "
"   filipino traits w0w nays"
"hello im doing this how similar are we? pts - life=coffee pts - studious ^_^ pts - dancer pts - looks "
"For my last day of #AWP19, went to panels on grading students creative writing, (over)sharing with students, &amp; sto "
"anyone is the encyclopedia of friends and I craving Filipino spaghetti"
"cute cute naman hinila ako pababa ng Filipino at TLE "
" Filipino nanaman"
"Hey hello my fellow Filipino pips nationwide hahaahhaha charot  just wanna share this to y'all because i have th "
"  Toxic filipino traits"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"Joining the Celebration of Holy Mass with our Filipino guest from  , school governor and HT from "
"Me encanta cuando el filipino cocina y dice Yess do you want to taste? Jajajaja obviouslyyyy "
" : Today is the day! all Filipino fans, join us at Cafe Amazon, SM Norrh EDSA Annex Bldg., 11am onwards, as we celebrate Kimmo"
" : Today is the day! all Filipino fans, join us at Cafe Amazon, SM Norrh EDSA Annex Bldg., 11am onwards, as we celebrate Kim"
" okay the ones that i got are  own three dogs 3 siblings"
" Filipino Martial Arts://t.co/wFlrtysv6Q"
" 80 pts :&gt;&gt; I'm a Fil-Am (Filipino-American) does that count"
"Oo nga at minsan kapg filipino o engish kinakanta nila di nyo napapansin.. "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"how similar are we? (taken from moots) pts - loves bts &amp; txt pts - filipino pts - loves oversized hoodie "
" : The Bay Area is now in the throes of a Filipino food boom, with contemporary restaurants and pop-ups such as FOB Kitchen,"
"Kabayan vibe when on one too many occasions, Filipino waiters surprise you with additional servings instead of only "
" filipino is so confusing and complicated somtimes istg please dont make your life harder"
" : The pressure is on Defense at Thesis Video Filipino Harapan 2019 Presentation video dami"
"Last month, my music accompaniment for stress included:~ one direction~ taylor swift era speak now~ og disney so "
"Ang hirap pag Filipino mass na attendan ko, nabubulol ako while responding and mali mali lyrics ko sa songs puta. : "
" : Maria took filipino action film genre into a higher level   Reyes' acting and stunts were commenda"
"ive been ranting about my speech for my filipino class since yesterday but ive typed 0 words"
"Also, what is with Filipino culture and needing to mooch off your success? Tita something carries you on her lap on "
"Wow i just saw the Filipino movie She Dating the Gangster on Netflix and my goodness I a mess "
" let's not rush. we should plan things like this first kind of like that kskaks i didnt know you weren't filipino"
" im filipino too dont attack me im saying this from experience"
" : White &amp; Blue stands and supports Rappler and the independent Filipino press to fight and remain strong against the adm"
"I went to a Filipino party today &amp; legit two old ladies FIRST WORDS TO ME are oh hi, you get boyfriend?  Like uh "
"eerie is one of the best filipino horror movie grabe bai "
"  Toxic filipino culture: pag may pagkakamali kang nagawa sa past iissipin nila na wala kanang pa "
" : tibo is a filipino slang that connotes a female individual who desperately wants to have a dick. that term barely knows the bo"
" cebuano &amp; filipino"
"Ferdie Marquez, one of the original members of Filipino band Truefaith, has died.'Maraming salamat for sharing yo "
" Caution - or Christmas - concert in the Philippines, please. You know how much the Filipino #lambilys adore ya! #L4L"
" ofc  im filipino but i don know tagalog well i need a teacher "
"With High Honors .365 Average  1 Overall in Math  in Science in Filipino  you po Lord "
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 | "
"tots abt filipino youtubers  andaming overrated sakanila *ehem* "
"I was making my filipino research study and theeeeen guess what isang sentence palang I don't know unsaon pag sunod "
" : Filipino workers felt that. "
"Filipino world champions Eduard Folayang and Kevin Belingon are all geared up to defend their titles in their respe "
" : Joan Sheelah Nalliw: Ang pinaka-urgent needs ng mga Filipino sa ngayon is representation for the youth sa Senado. Ganun"
" : Candidate 4: Willie Ong #TheFilipinoVotes "
" : Candidate 3: Joan Sheelah Nalliw #TheFilipinoVotes "
" : Candidate 2: Sonny Matula #TheFilipinoVotes "
"Filipino Danny Kingad hurdles first test in ONE flyweight grand prix with unanimous decision win over Japanese Senz "
" : Candidate 1: Bernard Austria #TheFilipinoVotes "
"If you love electronic beats and Filipino music, tune in later 6-9PM! "
"   as a Filipino going through nursing school in Manitoba weigh in on this "
"Hanga sila kay Nico lalo hindi nito ipinagdaramot ang kanyang kahusayan sa mga kaklaseng nahihirapan sa aralin. N "
"Hiring for Restaurant Staff (Female): Muscat - Our company is currently looking for a Filipino female applicant for "
" talagang hindi ko alam kung paano magsalita ng filipino "
" : BTS AND FILIPINO ARMYS WERE TOGETHER RIGHT? WERE TOGETHER RIGHT? plus the screams.  comeback to MNL bangtan:(("
" ANIMA (Server: CharlesTown) Steam camp with Filipino, Indonesian, and Malaysian players. Chill and fr "
" : #Repost :  has a sweet personal message for her Filipino fans! Come see #DamiImLivei"
" : For 's Filipino fans don't miss this chance to see Dami Im live in #Manila #DamiIm #DamiManila "
"   Filipino fans.. this will be awesome! Dont miss this amazing night with "
"Dapat may Filipino version nito, Lumpia Blanket chz HAHAHAHAHAHAHA "
" : LOOK:  has a sweet personal message for her Filipino fans! Come see #DamiImLiveinManila on April 3, 2019 at S"
"Me: Halata bang Filipino ako?: Oo, amoy Adobo ka kasi. #bully #Pinay #FTTM"
" Grabi nakikinig naman ako ng mga english at filipino HAHAHAH pero most nga yun GAHA"
"Are you a Filipino citizen? "
"#Eerie was not a typical filipino horror movie. It delivered a good and compelling story with a well-planned build- "
" Typical normie filipino*"
"Anyhow, I am doing my best to be the best person one deserves in accordance with Christian virtues and Filipino val "
"Eerie is such an exceptional Filipino horror movie."
"Someone help me with my filipino poem im about to lose it"
" : Toxic filipino culture punyeta"
"Filipino"
" : Sunday shorts! Proudly Filipino.   ABS-CBN Broadcasting Center "
"Duterte thinks he can do what the Spaniards, Americans, Japanese and previous regimes all failed to do  completely "
"sa eerie lang talaga ako natakot na filipino movie eh "
"ur not a filipino kid by heart if u didnt have artista notebooks like these when u were young "
" : Toxic filipino parents culture "
"this typical filipino players"
"I just realized today that there are no Filipino translation for the word Hello, that took very long even for a dumb guy like me."
"#Repost :  has a sweet personal message for her Filipino fans! Come see "
"Filipino Trixie"
"Toxic filipino parents culture "
" : Ang toxic ng Filipino Time jusko"
"kahinomdom paka atong galisud mis filipino unya ikaw dayun among gina pangutana? unsay tagalog sa kuannnnn  SORRY "
"Atleast 70-80% of Filipino drivers are retarded and impulsive"
"Half filipino half kabayo "
"Here are the most viewed categories by women in specific countries and regions, based on a study released by Pornhu "
"Filipino's must see the issue on Chinese workers objectively not subjective... have to take consideration for f "
"dunno if someone will do it but curious on how similar are we :D - libra - pan - filipino - into astrol "
"Do you think this is too harsh or is it the best way to teach the kid the value of education? it's high ti "
"Hey im here again to remind you that drax is filipino and can probably kill thanos if the antman butthole plan fails"
"  FB is your Bible? That's your reference? Does this make you a better Filipino? No. Sorry."
"let get it  similar are we?? -  filipino -  04 liner-  speaks more than 1 language -  introve "
"We are continuously hiring of FEMALE FILIPINO CLEANERS!  order to qualify, you must meet the requirements descr "
"Ang ganda ng Eerie!!!  totally the best Filipino horror movie"
"okay the #SigawDarna hashtag is cool as fuck lemme get in on this! filipino pride babey"
" : I really wanna read El Fili but my small Filipino vocabulary can catch up"
"Joan Sheelah Nalliw: Ang pinaka-urgent needs ng mga Filipino sa ngayon is representation for the youth sa Senado. G "
"nyeta bat may clearance pa sa filipino?"
" EH KAYA NAMAN DI NAUNLAD PILIPINAS IH. Some just dont give a sht and dont realize n nakakasakit o just "
"Was headed down to check out when a woman began a convo with me...: You're checking out, too.: Yeah: (Out of "
" Iba naisip ko don sa filipino style pota"
"tamang pa edit lng din sa filipino HAHAHAHAHAHAHA"
"Candidate 4: Willie Ong #TheFilipinoVotes "
"filipino time talaga hahahaa"
"Candidate 3: Joan Sheelah Nalliw #TheFilipinoVotes "
" carat obv, taho and filipino food tas it depends pa anong food... shET"
"Candidate 2: Sonny Matula #TheFilipinoVotes "
"yung last part palang sa filipino yung mga nasasagutan ko..."
"Candidate 1: Bernard Austria #TheFilipinoVotes "
"  Let's have a roll call. Trump,Erdogan,Le Pen,Farage,Bolsonaro,the Filipino guy(can't "
"lobo noun meaning wolf in Filipino #Filipino #wolf"
"  uy shux mga best in filipino"
" : One of our moderator  flew to Bangkok yesterday and she was able to get upclose with Kuan! Waaa! Now he kno"
"I STAN our great Filipino farmers. "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"IM GETTING FILIPINO FOOD TOMORROW AND IM SO HAPPY"
" : Homemade cassava cake!  rico! Sarap! #Filipino "
"My fellow filipino people  pwedeng makahingi ng song suggestion? Yung bagay sa gitara or any emotional shit "
"Made  watch a Filipino movie on Netflix, She Dating the Gangster. I thought he wouldn understand it cuz "
"Chinese might have competence that Filipino workers do not posses.'m not pulling down filipino workers, but my p "
"Blessed na kay ko ron nga year kay na kaila na nako ang mga filipino na neighbor ra sd namo nya bisaya pa jud hahaha"
"Lord kayo na bahala sakin sa filipino exam :&lt;"
"Binatang Filipino Yeah "
"Un filipino descubre que la piedra que ten en casa es la perla m grande del mundo "
" : CBCP/LOCAL PARISH PASTORAL COUNCILS:It's a people initiative... This April 2019,LET'S educate the Filipino Catholic Voters"
"Ugh this #SigawDarna thread proves how talented Filipino artists are "
"Binatang Filipino.... "
" : Balete City: The Video Game is a one-of-a-kind Filipino-themed 3D fantasy game that based on Philippine culture, beliefs,"
"  Santos the only Filipino that can rock this"
"H.E.R. is half-Filipino?? I LOVE IT "
" My pleasure and its awesome to meet a fellow filipino"
" Filipino din "
"By Analou De Vera, teenage pregnancy, sexually transmitted infections (STIs), and HIV/AIDS are still taboo topi "
" :   I agree! His style is the kind Duterte (and his family) couldn stand. And sa attitude n"
"Must watch!!! One of the most mature and realistic Filipino love stories I watched  Napakalayo sa mga typical "
"  If you have the balls for honesty where so many are crooked; if you have the kajunas "
"     No. That means we're Persian. From the "
" : Congratulations, mga Kapuso! "
"Congratulations, mga Kapuso! "
"Filipino Bishops Exposed As INC Wannabees "
"filipino fiesta starter pack lol"
"  Filipino Aye"
" : Inggit na inggit kana ba sa Adviser namin? Haha. Putcha ka. Naiinggit kaba kase yung section namin masaya? For your informat"
" : Nanonood lang ako ng random vlog hahahahhahahaa KOREANS try Filipino beer hahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha PALE PILSEN ses h"
"Filipino Mays, Mahal ko kayo ne kamsahabnida! aAaaaAAaAa Jihoon"
" : filipino mom are so nosy wtf"
"Omg that one Filipino boy is so talented skdnsn he actually a good singer and dancer I jealous"
"'Child sex tourism': Perth man jailed for 11 years for molesting Filipino girl overseas "
" : KAJZJSJX OMG AND ITS IN FILIPINO TANGINA HIHI "
"*naka 95 sa Filipino*: aking ina maaari ba akong mamasyal, kung inyong mamarapatin ako'y uuwi rin bago magtakipsilim?"
" : #Diversity begets love and sooo loveable kids like this Gives me idea for my Filipino-Ghanaian family! "
"Nanonood lang ako ng random vlog hahahahhahahaa KOREANS try Filipino beer hahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha PALE PILSE "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"kamusta naman yung kanta namin sa filipino na di ko pa saulo "
"ganun ba spelling non di ako marunong mag filipino,,"
"Tangina?? Di hamak naman na mas may resources tayo kesa sa Vietnam at Indonesia pero lumalaban sila. Palibhasa, kay "
"Bruh I watching Filipino romcom with my friends and these headasses hellaaaa affected omfgff"
"wow wala pa ako natatapos sa filipino,, xori"
" Panelo, Hindi ba Kayo na awa sa mga fishermen? Saan ang loyalty mo? You are Filipino yourself. Gaano "
"how similar are we? pts - filipino pts - loves yellow pts - oversized jackets ftw! pts - gg stan pts "
"  filipino stan spotted  hi sister!"
"I miss Filipino food so much"
" : Rt to be added to a filo gc~ doesn't matter who you stan~ hopefully you stan NCT, BTS, or TXT~ knows putangina~"
" : having strict filipino parents sucks"
" :  who travel to Asian countries and sexually abuse children have been warned the law will catch up with them on t"
" :  I can confirm Elaine that the US is still depending on foreign nurses to  fill their shortages.I have many Fil"
" : rt to be added in a filo treasure stans gdm- be active plz ! grr  i/a members :( - 10 people only :( - pls speak filipi"
"La pa akong gawa miski isa sa filipino,sip"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"A bit late to the party too and re-sharing my work on darna (plus ding) that I've included on a set of past works a "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"Lets confuse filipino normiesSbeve"
"Jej Vinson. First Filipino Grand Winner of The Voice USA. "
"filipino moms  a party always sayin we leavin but they keep talkin for like 20 mins"
"Eerie is the first horror film that I liked. Never been a fan of filipino horror films kasi ang iba corny. "
"Pretty common in  Gulf  only south Indian Filipino only tamil only "
"imagine being called chinese, japanese, korean and filipino "
" yesss  i can speak english, filipino and some basic chinese, and i have a loud sneeze tho i try to suppress it "
"BP diaries 4 pucha ang ingay ng filipino blinks hahahaha okay di ako makarelate kase di naman ako nakapunta ng con :( sanaol"
"if this flops minghao tweet this... pts - carat pts - haosol &lt;3  pts - taho &gt;&gt;&gt; milktea pts - mob psyc "
"      bet niyo tong MBA major in Filipino? Bet na bet ko yung i "
"Jusqq! Bukas na pala yung filipino.. Hu may gasss"
"Sunday shorts! Proudly Filipino.   ABS-CBN Broadcasting Center "
" : Dalaga to our binatang Filipino mwah #MMKepisodeForSHARDON "
" Social Crush 2019 - Nominee #5: PORMANG MILLENNIALS: Fashionista may submit your entries on "
"As committed and compassionate students of University of Santo Tomas, we call on our fellow Thomasian artists to jo "
" : Eerie is by far one of the best filipino horror movies I've seen. Not a typical Pinoy horror movie na puro sigaw, pero puno"
"Like and Retweet this Tweet if you a Filipino/Filipina Blink. "
"alaws lsng://t.co/LDf22cfh7O"
"If not slowly killed by being exploited by landlords, they are killed by the hands of the same state forces that pr "
"KAKAMPI MO ANG BATAS.SYNDICATED, FILIPINO. 31 MARCH 2019 Sumpa sa RP: mga Pinoy di nagbabasa, di sumusunod sa Bibli "
"JUSTICE FOR NEGROS 14! Sining UST strongly condemns the killing of the fourteen farmers in Negros Oriental "
"#FacebookCareers is looking for a #Market Specialist, #Market Operations, Filipino in #SingaporeSingapore, apply no "
" : ... has maintained that it did not stop his sister from leading the voice of dissent in the Philippines where even thos"
" Nasa iWant to na app (free lang once you register) and I also used to watch MANY good Filipino films sa iflix."
" Where do you watch old Filipino films? "
"filipino culture is being dragged along to family gatherings that you don even want to go to."
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"How many languages do you speak at your home ?  2. Filipino and English but my father knows some Spanish language "
"At least 100 U.S.  volunteers have been trained to facilitate leadership workshops that aim to teach 6,0 "
"Dalaga to our binatang Filipino mwah #MMKepisodeForSHARDON "
"Sex, HIV/AIDS still taboo subjects in Filipino homes  Popcom "
"I currently craving lumpias and sushi but if anyone knows where I can get some good Filipino food let me knowwwwww"
" whats up with them fucking staring all the time too like foh before i bitchslap you:  men: "
"I was having a conversation with this guy (Filipino) he was describing how where he grew up (small town in B.C) the "
"Thoughts on BA Communication students?  y are fucking stun as a multimedia arts student let work together to "
" : The always working  is writing an all new Agents of Atlas miniseries ft an all Asian team! Not only will it have A"
"hOw siMiLar aRe wE??? if ur a scorpio if u hate the percy jackson movies but love the books if u "
"HAHAHAHAHA wala pako kasugod sa filipino ano ginawa ko buong magdamag??"
" stories and filipino huhu di ko talaga fave subj yun hahahahaha march ano ka btw?"
" diin ka ga download filipino movies?"
" Actually, the water has nothing to do with our intrinsic talents -- it's the Filipino soul.  ://t.co/6kCNOCPrpl"
" I have many black friends and they are really decent citizens as well. They don't promote hate, racism "
"Naliliyo na utak ko sa Panitikan at Pagsasalin. Ano, Filipino major pa?"
"how similar are we? (I changed them a bit) pts - Ot7/V biased pts - Forever young enthusiast pts - Spring "
"Trying my hardest to make my nostrils freaking big! #gaymenwithtattoos #menwithtattoos #asian #filipino "
"When you live with Chinese and Filipino people- wake up, open fridge to get something to drink and see a baby octop "
"Kung ikaw ay magiging Ms. Universe, anong motto mo?  i believe that filipino's divided by varied doctrines and cul "
" : Every Filipino ML player's weakness: nak i-pause mo muna 'yan."
"Si Sir Richard Paul Chavez, hindi lang namin sya adviser kundi tatay nadin kung maituturing. Nagshashare sya ng wor "
"Travel Is Never A Matter Of Money, But Of Courage.  Noravank Monastery, Armenia......#photography #snow "
" : Marvel is introducing a new Filipino super hero and her name is WAVE! the NEW AGENTS OF ATLAS -- Aero and Sword M"
" Omg you're adorable, I'm half-Filipino yeah! I was so jealous that you got to go to the Phils "
"Filipino Humor in a nutshell "
" syempre mas bet ko yung ate bluei resemblance az a new filipino woman and anti-impe hahaha"
"  Them being Filipino has nothing to do w/ them acting completely stupid. Girl why are you apologizing? Lol"
"Promising Male Recording Artist of the Year Juan Karlos  Labajo "
"Ang toxic ng Filipino Time jusko"
" my loves your filipino fans also waiting for #darabazaar"
"Aku kalau marah, english sabah filipino habis semua keluar"
" : Kim Jisoo x Filipino blinks #BLACKPINK #JISOO #BLACKPINKDIARIES #BLACKPINKinMANILA #KILLTHISLOVE  "
"Friend: oh im filipino girl at the bar: i know some filipino. I know pekpek : "
"a pic of me n  in 2014 sitting next to each other not knowing each other or if we'd ever meet again "
"okay so extra ten points if: - ur a shortie (5 / 157cm)- ur sense of style is simple stylish - ur a leo - "
"   On behalf of the filipino txties who feel embarrased by their talentless idol i "
" :  TO BE IN A FILO BTS GC/GDM- stan bts- FILIPINO- magtagalog tayo !!- magsalita kayo ha please lang :&lt;- not selective n"
"Were you able to enjoy #MystifiedOnIFLIX at home or on-the-go lately? If not, then now's your chance to do it since "
" :  laws have been a scourge to the Filipino fisherfolk for more than two decades. It is high time for them to be r"
"my mans is the the first filipino boy i ever dated &amp; he treats me like a fuckin queen  "
"Inggit na inggit kana ba sa Adviser namin? Haha. Putcha ka. Naiinggit kaba kase yung section namin masaya? For your "
"Filipino Youth Digital Activists Fight Fake News and "
"Work in progress  for that anon that told me I was a band wagoner questioning my credentials as an Army an "
"i making a filipino narrative, script, and powerpoint and an english script and powerpoint all at the time time "
"Solid Filipino Blinks Grabe!! blackpink diaries"
"Filipino workers felt that. "
"Sa totoo lang matagal ng napalitan ang Tagalog ng Filipino. Hehehehehehe, skl"
" : My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 |"
"21. Filipino, english, spanish, italian, bisaya, kapampangan hahaha"
"Kim Jisoo x Filipino blinks #BLACKPINK #JISOO #BLACKPINKDIARIES #BLACKPINKinMANILA #KILLTHISLOVE  "
" I just read your bio and you Filipino too?!?!"
" filipino group djdjdjd"
" : u up?"
" : Ahhh i miss the feeling after siesta naay maruya ug iced tea gahulat unya ang salida sa tv kay filipino dubbed na spanish se"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
" : Pia Wurtzbach unveils her Madame Tussauds wax figure. She's the first and only Filipino to have one at Madame Tussauds"
"i want YA novels with filipino leads,,,"
"Filipino mango float "
"Conoce m detalles sobre el #GIFF2019 que contar con #Filipinas pa invitado aqu "
" yeah lmaoooooo mdm gomez, filipino teacher for high school"
"PAOLO ROLDAN SEXY "
" : Best friends are people who make your problems, their problems just so you don have to go through them alone.,,,,,,,,,"
"What a great example for the youth! &lt;3 "
"Being #filipino:  at a family party Creator:  is your cousin from your grandma neighborhoo "
"hoy wait im shook. iz my crush filipino?!?!?!?"
"Filipino army you have to watch this#SEOKJIN #YOONGI #HOSEOK #NAMJOON #JIMIN #TAEHYUNG #JUNGKOOK #ARMY #BTS "
" you look like monse omg you look like you getting on my last nerve Filipino ruby"
" Indeed you made good use of this medium and platform.... Kudos Fumiya. In form you are Japanese but in s "
"How similar are we? (wanna join the bandwagon uwu)  - carat  - dancer   - coffee / milktea / tea / water "
"Toxic Filipino Culture: sinabi mong Secret, nagsisinungaling ka na agad."
"My heart. Thank you.   not the so-called  anointed by marketing/brand specialists.. Rathe "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
" : nanuod ako ng eerie anddd it was so far the best filipino horror movie na napanuod ko hehe"
" : This is like my whole college tuition plus the stipends I received wtf (also just realized I owe the Filipino people lots of m"
"This is like my whole college tuition plus the stipends I received wtf (also just realized I owe the Filipino peopl "
"Pag sinasabi bang friendly ka, isa kang plastik WTF Hindi lahat ng tao dito sa Pilipinas e porket friendly, plas "
"Ano kukuhanin mong course?  BS Secondary Education Major in Social Sciences or Filipino hehe di ko pa sure yung ma "
"4.  is more public goods provision and political competition in villages with more fragmented social networks "
"I'm going to my first con and lowkey, I wanna make signs that I can stick on my head with the messages:-Someone go "
"Cebuano "
"There's no such thing as Filipino time you lazy fucks"
"Tayong mga Filipino ay nagiging dayuhan sa sarili nating bansa. Hindi ito tama!"
"Hi! I want to ask if I have Filipino mutuals here or you know who are in the following:- Filipino- In a middle cl "
"how similar are we? pts - fangirl pts - filipino pts - loves math pts - gg stan pts - eats bear bran "
"Ang linggwaheng Filipino ay di hamak na inklusibo sa pagkilala sa amin. Buti na lang at sanay tayong gumamit ng si "
" Remember ko pa yung tweet nya na pure tagalog kasi daw nagmamasters sya ng Filipino keme. Parang kina "
"IM FILIPINO BUT KSNDNDKDKF CAN THEY LIKE NOT AN EMBARRASSMENT  "
" Angara is the principal author of TRAIN Law. Filipino voters should not forget that!"
"How to make the #Filipino Tsokolate - Hot Chocolate Tablea Milk Drink - Asian In America "
"Huge turn over yesterday going on a little road trip with my friend. Luck was on my side since we were both off tha "
"Every filipino mom "
"Filipino Swifties! Make some noise akdusbaizvskajajqnaja "
"How Similiar are we? Points-OT7 stan Points-loves food Points-Hard Stan points-likes meme Points-Ag "
" :   May we all be wrong, but if not, BEWARE Filipinos... TRAITOR has made it clear that he will"
"Bkt krapatdpat si Fumiya mgng big winner?  (sbi nga ni fumi sa kanta nia) mahal po ka nia, totoong totoo. "
"...Chinese investments have been pouring slowly into the Philippines, and they end up creating jobs for Chinese ra "
"A good opportunity for Filipino exporters to showcase their work and to be seen internationaly. #PositiveChange "
"Filipino student sells coffee for school fees and helps classmates stay awake - Good Times "
" : BLACKPINK DIARIES EP 4 Trending here in Philippines !!  good job Filipino blinks.  #LALISA#LISA#BLACKPINK#KILL"
" toxic filipino cultureeeeee"
" technically nope. filipino is the national language and while it is based on tagalog, it's supposed "
"filipino and english and tiny tiny bit of korean "
" That from your Filipino side"
" : Filipino fans lined up hours before the selling of  concert tickets begins at . Credits 2 the ow"
"Filipino also love rice like Indians... Good to know.. "
"Labara gyud aning filipino sa word oie daghay underline"
" : Indigenous Filipino thought is stilted by a foreign language such as English in which the average Filipino expresses himsel"
"Eto imbis na gumawa ng filipino, matutulog muna"
" Redundant stands for Overseas Filipino Workers"
"aminin naman natin peeps na 4 sisters and a wedding talaga yung movie na tumatak sa isip ng mga Filipino viewers"
" Aren't bubu means like honey kak?? I have friends that also have Filipino blood n her husband n her sis "
" :  Panoorin: Senator  para sa kapakanan ng mga Overseas Filipino Workers  #AlagangAngara #PHVote ://"
" hawaiian, japanese, filipino, german, spanish, korean, etc  wanna leant a lot :)"
"but FR where my 26 y/o half filipino half white man at $$$"
"There a cute filipino guy sa likod ko kanina HAHAHAH "
" it's not maam, it's sir hahaha oo my dude filipino ako "
"  ghefESdkopa u know what i mean that ibarra is his most obvious and explicit 'avatar'  :) "
"The PINK Mannequins! WOW! "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
" : Related to Filipino students mental health is how Filipinos have their own indigenous concepts of well-being, and how local"
"For 's Filipino fans don't miss this chance to see Dami Im live in #Manila #DamiIm #DamiManila "
" u filipino maam?"
" That everyday for you lol my dad is your dad at this point  you honorary Filipino"
"Filipino pa lang pala ang natatapos kong laban HAHAHAHA"
" : Rosie entering the stage and seeing Filipino blinks!  Look at her cute little smile. #BLACKPINK #ROS # #BLACKPINKinM"
" Sta. Teresa College po ate. Filipino ver "
"Filipino time talaga"
"#Filipino no es celebrar peque victorias,es levantarse tras Grandes derrotas mas que nunca #VamosMiGranada "
"American Vs FILIPINO SUPERMARKET - Different?! Reaction "
"Can hear the Filipino OFWs in the background  "
" Hanggang nakaupo sir si du30, there no hope for our beloved Filipino farmers."
"Sex, HIV/AIDS still taboo subjects in Filipino homes  "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"I don't care if I'm not Muslim. I'm a Catholic and won't ever change but  I wish more catholics were li "
"Cypriot-Filipino Panicos Yusuf earns 2nd ONE Super Series win at : A New Era in Tokyo, "
"You forgot about Filipino with different forms of baybayin/writing systems (about 16 writing systems). "
" English, Filipino, a bit of Chinese, I understand some Spanish, trying to learn Latin....that it hahah"
"I watched Gosnell - The Trial of America's Biggest Serial Killer. I noticed something. Cindy Klee, a Filipino actre "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"Lupet ng cinematography and musical scoring ng #Eerie. And the posporo scene! GAHD. May bago na kong peyborit Filipino horror film. "
" : BINATANG FILIPINO !!!! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHS #MAYWARDSoMarchBlessings ://t.co/Cl56624Og2"
"Rosie entering the stage and seeing Filipino blinks!  Look at her cute little smile. #BLACKPINK #ROS # "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"Hooooy legit ganda nung Eerie! Not your typical filipino horror movie. Infairness "
"Don get me wrong y probably acknowledge Eunwoo for being an actor and we get it. But can we acknowledge him a "
" : Filipino-American Maureen Montagne snagged the title of first runner up in this year's Miss Eco International, almost winning"
"BLACKPINK DIARIES EP 4 Trending here in Philippines !!  good job Filipino blinks.  #LALISA#LISA#BLACKPINK "
"Im a kpop fan but id rather see filipino artists and talents perform opm songs on tv to better promote our very own "
"  When he filed a case against Du30, he said it was his duty as a Filipino. But when someon "
" Alis dyan! Sa Manila Bay kayo mangisda!!  "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
""
"LOOK:  has a sweet personal message for her Filipino fans! Come see #DamiImLiveinManila on April 3, 20 "
"Guys help me , pengeng idea pangtitle sa Filipino thesis "
"  Dapat basahin ito at sana maunawaan ng bawat Filipino"
" : just watched #Eerie and oh my gosh!this is the best filipino horror film ever!sobrang nakakatakot pero malalim yung kwento"
" it means sir michael in filipino, by the way"
"Oh lagi satu, muka filipino"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
" your major? is it because you filipino? "
"gawa muna ako sa filipino ngutin pinangunginahan ako ni katamaran:("
" "
" : He said actors should serve as role models in doing good because they touch the lives of millions of Filipino youth. |"
"Toxic Filipino culture ey."
" : Filipino shopping mall / taxi / dentist waiting room playlist:-Boyz II Men-David Pomeranz-Christian Bautista-Michael"
"if it weren't for #/SigawDarna i wouldn't have discovered so many filipino artists and their amazing art,,, thank u "
"Toxic Filipino Habit: ka lang dahil kailangan nila ng tulong."
"What the actual fuck. People who built these existed even before the Filipino identity was realized. Grabe din yung "
"stolen this twt coz y not similar are we- leo- 02 liner- wannable- wiz*one- kang "
" : Pasig Grindhouse Kings survive a very heated San Juan Knights, 19-18, in the semis of the #ChooksPilipinas3x3 Grand Finals!"
"International Jurist Mikiko Otani of Japan addresses Filipino lawyers on gender equality and the elimination of all "
"Thai commercials are engaging, thought-provoking &amp; intuitively acted and are actually better than typical pabebe Fi "
""
"KAKAMPI MO ANG BATAS.SYNDICATED, FILIPINO. 31 MARCH 2019 sa RP: mga Pinoy di nagbabasa, di sumusunod sa Bibliya"
" : hypocrites who would clown us before for liking something that isn't filipino and would use the patriotism card istg i ha"
" ulul ka! facebook have been known to be controlled by our machinery! wala ka ng malilinlang na FIli "
" : Rappler is being claimed as not 100% Filipino. Malaca's inner circle even 100% Filipino?"
" *naka 95 sa filipino*"
" time nilah ramai rakyat m ngaku filipino hahahaha "
"PAOLO ROLDAN SEXY "
""
" self entitled ateneans thinking thay filipino should think like them. enough with the sht we voted for "
" may filipino ka bang subj ha sumbong kita sa prof mo"
" : describe ur filipino prof in 4 words . . . "
" : We all deserve a Filipino film break at ://t.co/VJfrOXuWWV"
"#jobs #vacany #Dubai #RestaurantManager #AssistantManager #ShiftSupervisor Open to Lebanese, Indian &amp; Filipino nati "
"Boyband Ph's Cover was lazy as hell. The dancing .... ewww. Akala ko we're trying to show na international quality "
" : Remember when knets said that Jennie looks like a Filipino actress here. Well she does! lol "
"There ain't nothing in this world like a Filipino girl yeah"
"  Nice naman ang taas siguro ng grade mo sa Filipino "
" fuck them spanish/filipino drama "
" : Sino pinaka the best na filipino teacher sayo?  walang iba kundi si! ginoong elmer cabaluna  "
"KAKAMPI MO ANG BATAS.SYNDICATED, FILIPINO. 31 MARCH 2019 sa RP: mga Pinoy di nagbabasa, di sumusunod sa Bibl "
" ok i shall *attempt* to write a paper in filipino but if i rage quit then im skipping the incentive hahahahha"
" Did my Filipino skills make you proud , babe? "
"kita niyo 'yung sipag nila? may magsasabi na kaya mahirap ang mga filipino kasi tamad sila magtrabaho?????? "
" Unang groupings sa Filipino ba kamo? "
"If  makes a Filipino hero, please make him a speedster and bisaya. Thanks"
"HELP SHOULD I WRITE A FILIPINO ACLE REACTION PAPER FOR INCENTIVES OR HOPE THAT MY SCORES FOR THE GROUP WILL SAVE MY "
" : Much love for these amazing Filipino ladies leading the way in game development, including our very own ! https:/"
" : the filipino carpenters are so confused right now. there isn an official statement yet, and some pages are still promo"
" Filipino and English"
"i'm not even good at writing filipino but hmmmm incentive......"
" : My mother who is from Germany often was annoyed how our Filipino relatives told her don't WORRY!! nearly most of the time"
"  I went through too much man... I be back when I am stronger and times have a more leve "
"stole this from my feed, how similar are we??? - lazy af - aries - once - loves to sing &amp; "
"Much love for these amazing Filipino ladies leading the way in game development, including our very own "
"should i do that filipino acle paper for incentives.... i mean..... i know i prolly did jackshit on the fil 40 midt "
"If mark was filipino-canadian:: sorry ha: sorry saan?: sorry kase pasensya na patawad kase i apologize dahil i'm sorry."
"Cookouts this summer are gonna be lit, let me know if you tryna eat Filipino food "
"    Filipino words in the lyrics! Lit! "
"Not a wrestling related content, want to vent in. First, what the fuck is tuk tuk? In the Philippines, we have tric "
" bitchass ya know i would say no to anyone else but your filipino so i say yes :))"
" LMAO is this a filipino group or??"
" : Me the sexiest Filipino male streamer on Twitch aka  "
"Pasig Grindhouse Kings survive a very heated San Juan Knights, 19-18, in the semis of the #ChooksPilipinas3x3 Grand "
"further more filipino dramas &gt;"
"  One of your friends looks like Filipino YG LOL"
"Just because I don't support your tatay digong, doesn't mean I'm dilawan. I'm just a Filipino that loves my country "
" is a well-off American citizen, who acquired Filipino citizenship in 2004 to make it legally easier for "
"Me the sexiest Filipino male streamer on Twitch aka  "
" best in filipino"
"...fuck me good lord, why do I not know that Ongina is a Filipino? I'm gagged."
" akilang best in filipino na to HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA"
" : Filipino twinks can do it too "
" has successfully fooled Western media that she is a Filipino journalist with little means who is fighti "
"[ jisoo's update ] Pinoy crowd! . Look at her! she's grooving and had fun with Filipino Blinks. #LISA #ROS "
"nakakalungkot isipin na swerte nalang kung maituturing ang pagkakaroon ng mga kandidatong katulad ni Gutoc. THE FIL "
" Hot off the press:  That Matters by Filipino Writers Guild - Issue #3 "
"Pawang aking hiling na mayroon akong ganitong kalawak na pagsasalita ng filipino para sa makatuwid ay hindi na kami "
"KAJZJSJX OMG AND ITS IN FILIPINO TANGINA HIHI "
"We all deserve a Filipino film break at ://t.co/VJfrOXuWWV"
" filipino, english and currently learning koreanjdjdjdks"
" Alike are we -Filipino {10}-Gemini {10}-18yrsold{10}-Hates Chocolates{10}-Stan Crackheads {10}-Makes a "
"/kathryne's crib HAHAHA tamang filipino muna agik "
" ikaw ay isang bolerong filipino eey!"
"  MALAY KO BA NA FILIPINO KA DIN HAHAHAHA"
" : HI, I NEED MORE FILIPINO MUTUALS!  THIS IF: PH ARMY OT7 STAN KA LAB MO SI JEONEEEEL MADALDAL KA BAKASYO"
" Been dealing with this my whole life as a Filipino / German. Hybrids like us are the future of this melting pot."
"they once argued that future of the Filipino youth would be found in the farm "
" : Wala man lang ligawang naganapAgad agad?. Filipino. Mindset. We have different principles in life. Just because"
"#LAYA Arts &amp; Music Festival Passes are NOW AVAILABLE. PASSES ARE VALID FOR THE 3-DAY FESTIVAL! the "
"okay real talk. 8 year old me woulda never thought that 8 year old CRYBABY ekim would become a famous filipino twit "
"The Filipinos have hoped to be a great nation because we thought of one great Filipino who lacks association."
"BINATANG FILIPINO !!!! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHS #MAYWARDSoMarchBlessings ://t.co/Cl56624Og2"
"Meet PANINGNING. One month old pa lang, iba na talaga ang trip sa pagtulog. &lt;3 So cute! ^_^ Nasa NY  Complex mag "
" Family tree says Filipino (Malay), Spanish and Japanese."
" filipino? hehe"
"Pinoy crowd! . Look at her! she's grooving and had fun with Filipino Blinks. #LISA #ROS "
" HIIII!! I badly need an itzy mutual. DM MEEEEE!! BTW IM A FILIPINO"
"May tatlong gamay na wika sa utak ko: Ilocano, Filipino, at English. Merong patsi-patsing Zambal, Kankanaey, at may "
"Telesales Executive - Outbound - Tagalog Speaker (Filipino) | | #HiringDubai "
"naalala ko yung sagot ko mung grade 7 sa filipino: husay-patay, bigay-bumbay"
"You know that you at a Filipino party when they only have calamansi for your corona "
"hello   pts - bisexual  pts - simcity jdjss pts - girl groups  pts - myday nfia black rose pts "
"Not all Filipino tribes had war tattoos. Is all I'm gonna say."
" : Or a Filipino classic, Ube cake?..#food #foodpic #foodporn #foodgasm #foodie #foodlover #foodblog #foodblogger #foodstagr"
" Jungkook biased, taekook!, lasagna, crackhead lmao, Filipino, lowkey a bitch= 60"
"Okay laban sa Filipino reporting ugma HAHAHAHHAHA lobooon"
"Or a Filipino classic, Ube cake?..#food #foodpic #foodporn #foodgasm #foodie #foodlover #foodblog #foodblogger "
"I love that this movie needs a second viewing. I don't think I've ever said that about a Filipino film before. Naka "
" spoon and fork for every dish, the Filipino way"
"Pretended I was the Filipino second coming of Jim Morrison for the karaoke press battle. That one off the bucket list."
"1 daw start tas quarter to 3 na na ngayon d pa rin nagsisimula filipino time nga naman oh"
"Sino pinaka the best na filipino teacher sayo?  walang iba kundi si! ginoong elmer cabaluna  "
"New post (Filipino Fiesta Salad) has been published on This Grandpa Blogs - "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"Also one of my favorite Filipino words is Totoy which means  boy"
" : Sweet fruit usually has a bitter rind.  Filipino proverb [29817]"
"Ate  doing this so I'm gonna do it to!=Filipino=Born in october=Still not finished s "
"I LOVE FILIPINO PAIES"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"they really couldn't get a dark skinned filipino to play the role. i'm so tired of them"
"does anyone in san jose have weed, plz i'm desperate. we can pay in filipino food &amp; love"
"Filipino siblings invent lamp that runs on just water and salt it can last for 8 hours straight! - Good Times "
"ohhhhhhde... filipino movies deadass turn me into a fucking baby. this shit got me bawlingggg "
"Abe ba nakog nahuman nako aning filipino nako. Wala paman diay, pa major jud ning mga minor oy. Kalagot!"
" : hellooOO! new PH stan account here looking for mutuals!! or Fav if you stan: VELVET("
"These things, like making sure that the tens of thousands of college graduates we produce every year will serve the "
" : Sa mga mutuals ko na filipinooo!!! tayo gdm hehehe mga 5-6 members lang para maging close tayo hehehe niyo laaa"
"   Review  just watched  Love Affair and oh em gosh, prob the better Filipino movies I s "
" i can eat korean food. di naman sobrang masakit sa dila yung gochuchang (not sure with spelling) ... "
"i don't know how to describe it but this trolling is just so inherently filipino"
"My mother who is from Germany often was annoyed how our Filipino relatives told her don't WORRY!! nearly most of "
"okay so at the dude enjoying himself singing karaoke that I pretty sure is Filipino, your song choice and voice i "
"i want to try :)  friends, how similar are we?  - dark brown hair - 02' liner - filipino "
"[] henloooo my fellow filipino haruto stannn gusto kita maging friend stay strong lagi and gbu :&gt;"
" : Toxic Filipino Culture: Pinalalaki pa yung mga bagay na pwede namang pag usapan ng maayos."
"Happy Kkura Day in PH!! you for coming to celebrate with us, Filipino Wizones!! # # #sakumail "
"the filipino channel really fucking did black face for mmk. they even wore curly wigs, what the fuck"
" Hahaahahahahahaahahahaahahaha uce that Filipino under 13s prospects haahahahahaha"
"how similar are we? pts- OT7 STAN pts- knows putangina pts- marupok as always pts- broke army pts- "
"It feels like yesterday when fumi finally introduced as an official housemate. And now, we are here. Batch winner o "
" : My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 |"
"Happy Kkura Day in PH!! you for coming to celebrate with us, Filipino Wizones!! # # #sakumail "
" I translated this thread to Filipino, in case makatulong. "
"Rock Filipino songs hit different"
"Mababa ata ako sa filipino ah? Am I a foreigner?"
"Filipino kpop fan be like: rice  rice rice  rice rice  mean JAEYONG n "
"Happy Kkura Day in PH!! you for coming to celebrate with us, Filipino Wizones!! # # #sakumail "
"Karaoke in colors. artist Enzo Razon shows his potential in arts with a piece on contemporary Filipino cult "
"Im clearly ASIANN AND FULL FILIPINO AHAHAHA"
"Happy Kkura Day in PH!! you for coming to celebrate with us, Filipino Wizones!! #sakumail#SakuraBloomsInPH "
"The most niche thing I'm excited for right now:'s upcoming anime based on Filipino comic Trese, which is, "
"Requested by a cute THAI fan  who paid her money all alone for over 250 cupsleeves&amp;looked for sb to brin "
"tibo is a filipino slang that connotes a female individual who desperately wants to have a dick. that term barely k "
" niyong walking drive thru ang crew ninyo. Kainitan ng araw? Ikaw kaya magbilad sa araw at maglako ng halo- "
"filipino movies r so painful to watch"
"Filipino Streusel-Topped Buko Pie Recipe "
" Yeah. I have nothing against Filipino artists, pero pag nagiging hypocrites na sila nakakaasar na. D "
" : why is every filipino mom favourite emoji a thumbs up and kissy emoji"
"The often problem about Filipino, is that they can read and speak fluently but they don't comprehend. PARKING "
" i can try !!!! but u have 2 know that im not very good  writing poetry esp in filipino!!"
"yeehaw ima try this [dont let this flop :)]: the boyz stan : extrovert: filipino :): im "
"40.) Half. Half tao half hayop choss a filipino"
"Filipino fans lined up hours before the selling of  concert tickets begins at . Credits 2 "
" : The Filipino dream of having your own farm can be possible with proper farm planning. on the link below to read the"
"Filipino shopping mall / taxi / dentist waiting room playlist:-Boyz II Men-David Pomeranz-Christian Bautista-M "
"okay lesgeddit similar are we?  - march baby - apple user  - been to a bts concert - "
"Remember when Duterte ordered AFP to shoot and kill peasants struggling for their right to land?  his Opla "
" : Pinaka memorable na nangyari sakin sa pcs is ung time ng Filipino mga 3rd day of class palang non ng grade 8 days ko."
" filipino and english +alien language"
" Hi, Im a Filipino Aroha too."
"We new to the area and craved comfort food. We loved the tender bbq pork ribs that simply fall off the bone. Fri "
" : nakaka addict yung part na Filipino ni james reid sa filipina girl "
" : bls jumpstart dog im filipino i dONT KNOW WHAT UR MONEY IS "
"Filipino time talaguhhhhh"
"the filipino carpenters are so confused right now. there isn an official statement yet, and some pages are still "
"Ahhh i miss the feeling after siesta naay maruya ug iced tea gahulat unya ang salida sa tv kay filipino dubbed na spanish serye"
"VLOG #6: FLORIDA DAY 2: UNEXPECTED filipino party#ElaiVlogs "
" : i hate breaking my own heart and other filipino carpenters we srsly dont deserve this rn sigh#SaveSingularTourManila #"
"why is every filipino mom favourite emoji a thumbs up and kissy emoji"
" : Nangingisda ang mga Intsik, habang tinataboy ang mga mangingisdang Filipino! Sarap ipakain sa pating ni Digong!  htt"
" : Teaching my uncultured team some Filipino food "
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 | "
"  As long as the daughter is clearly Filipino"
"Puta hirap intindihin ng filipino. Di kasi ituro. Pakyu to the moon and back!!!"
" : You may also spot #tfalpodcast crew at #CinemaSala at  curated by direk ! Bring something to share!"
"But ... the trippy part is me being the Filipino super jealous biotch that I am so .... we not together but don talk to other hoes "
"Seryuso naiyak ako ngayon naaalala ko yung ginagawa natin kapag Filipino time na huhuhu bukas pa to dapat, bakit naiyak na ako"
" mo 'to if FILIPINO KPOP FAN KA! Let's be friends. DM me"
"hypocrites who would clown us before for liking something that isn't filipino and would use the patriotism card i "
"Sino kaya gagayahin ko sa filipino???"
"Pwede ba? Stop this filipino time and shit. Waiting and expecting for nothing is not even fucking funny "
"Next Generation of Filipino Basketball*sorry po sa blurred na pagkuha, na istar strak lang po ako! po k "
"Gunggong na walang balls tlga itong nagbigay ng advise na ito. fishermen urged to avoid Panatag shoal  "
"Filipino ang wika, ito ang wika ko!"
"Filipino ATINYs leggo! #ATEEZ #ATINY #APiratesWish #HappyYunhoDay #HappySeonghwaDay "
"Binatang filipino adik version "
" : Tastes like home!://t.co/bcAAQugfka"
"Punyeta! Filipino fishermen pa ang need mag avoid for the meanwhile? "
" : IM FCCKDKSK WHEEZING WELCOME TO THE PHILIPPINES WHERE TOXIC FILIPINO CULTURE IS JUDGING AND HATING KPOP FANS BUT STILL"
" FILIPINO TIME DUH HAHAHAHAH buang ka it sabotable, okay???? kapoy kaha ligo "
"Hoping more concerned Filipino volunteers would come to help and join the clean up drive.This is for the future gen "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"i hate breaking my own heart and other filipino carpenters we srsly dont deserve this rn sigh "
" That the Filipino way"
" Filipino tilt-a-whirl operaters ARE. THIS. NATIONS. BACKBONE"
"A Filipino boy band just performed crown by  super shookt when I suddenly hear the intro "
"how similar are we?  - half filipino - half korean- '05 liner - loves spicy food - m "
" : Pls  this: need to find where my Filipino Queen stans are I feel lonely"
"anong category mo sa journ?  Radiobroadcasting Filipino po :&gt; "
"#SurreyFilipinoHeritageFestival Save the Date June 22nd &amp; June 23rd "
"Super nadadala ko rural terms dine sa lozol aa.g. pinoy= filipino       reqs= homeworks, etc"
"oMg FILIPINO PALA YUNG AUTHOR NUNG PASTEL COLORED PAGES SHET AAAAAAAAAAAAAA OMG GANDA IAJSOWSKAOSNISNSISSNKSNDKEKDO "
"Pure Filipino ka po?  Yesyes "
" : 5: 17: filipino count: 1"
"ulan is probably the best filipino movie i've ever watched so far. the cinematography was so well done and aesthe "
"Amerkano kasi ako kaya bagsak ako sa subject na Filipino"
" : 5: 16: filipino and german  count: 1"
"I can hear my bro giggling when he hear them speak in Filipino "
"Ganda niya talaga, nakakaproud maging filipino at maging fan niya "
" : The future of the Filipino Music industry is in good hands. So proud of you babies Synapsix+1! Laban Kabataan!  "
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 | "
"PROBE, the acclaimed Filipino TV show by Ms. Che Che Lazaro, examines the health benefits of the banana. 10 Benefits "
"A closeup from the Bryan campaign poster. The middle flag is Cuba, but I can't identify the other two.  You'd expec "
"Every Filipino born singing instead of crying #singingcountry"
" : Miss Universe Catriona Gray raises funds for abused Filipino kids "
" crown was played on ASAP, a filipino show. it's not as soon as possible."
" : me_irl "
" : With Honors in : Filipino in : English               : Araling Panlipunan               : TLE"
"kapag hindi kasali mag lelesson, I mean bakit hindi niyo kami i-involve? sports din yon makatutulong din samin yon. "
"It achieves a nightmarish, unsettling effect that most Filipino horror films is lacking in. #Eerie  "
"IM FCCKDKSK WHEEZING WELCOME TO THE PHILIPPINES WHERE TOXIC FILIPINO CULTURE IS JUDGING AND HATING KPOP FANS BUT ST "
" Before you publish this story we filipino already know the reason why she was arrested...nope. not buying "
"  I KNOW they trying to recreate a kpop group with Filipino mems and im like "
" When I was younger I wanted a Filipino but ended up marrying a Japanese. He just answered it naturally, "
" Where do you get your information from? I would love to read up more about Filipino mythology"
" Let's make a two player "
"TV show announcer: Welcome our guest dancers who will show to the world our trademark Filipino pride!*Dancers p "
"       "
"Yeppp! Actually dati pa, sa indie side madalas pero may lumulusot din sa mainstream, noticed Buybust? Birdshot? Ang "
"to all filipino politicians na mangungurakot lang naman, pls wag nyo na ituloy"
"SINO BA NAG PAUSO NG FILIPINO TIME NA YAN!?! BE PROFESSIONAL NAMAN TEEEE!!! "
"IM DYING A FILIPINO VARIETY SHOW ACTUALLY HAD DANCERS COVERING  CROWN. CANT EVEN GET THE CHOREO RIGHT "
"everytime there's a filipino group who covers a kpop group on national tv,i get second hand embarassment"
" Spam ka hahaha nag filipino and Social Studies pero surely you don't like it hahahaha"
" : Blackpink Diaries Ep 4 owe us Jennie reaction to the white ocean and active Filipino crowd during her Solo performanc"
"ni minsan hindi ko naisip na makakapanood ako ng filipino tv show tapos yung kinakanta nila, korean. hay. #ASAPNatinTo"
"Holy shit bois baka pang apat ako magpepresent sa filipino on wednesday pero wala pa ako nagagawa kasi ang dami mas "
"Yo ASAP (Filipino show) back  it again and they peforming TXT Crown this time eYE- DKSKDKSKLD"
"Filipino Presentation "
" : we're conducting a study on how women are represented in selected filipino films starring the prominent love teams of today-"
"no hate but it's soooo weird to hear filipino stars sing kpop songs in concerts like?? is it just me???"
"a local filipino show is playing crown i"
"watch and like toxic filipino/family culture ://t.co/6E4ou3978o "
" : I am afraid that because of all these inner hatred against the Chinese people that are developing among the Filipino yout"
" : Homies of Maginhawa! 's the screening schedule from MAR30-APR5  the HOME of Filipino films, #CinemaCentenario. #Welc"
" : Name one toxic filipino culture: na lang sasabihin ng ibang tao?!"
" In a shared room, ppl want to live with only certain kinds of ppl, which I guess they have a right to jus "
"ano na boy band ph. i know maganda talaga kpop but to perform them on a filipino tv show? not really"
"In the #Philippines, the cost of living is much lower than the developed world. This doesn necessarily mean the s "
" Why did you search ube roll filipino cakes?"
"there's a filipino quiz tomorrow and its the first period. i just started watching umbrella academy. wow, lets go grades."
"The Filipino dream of having your own farm can be possible with proper farm planning. on the link below to r "
" : I usually think in English kahit Filipino yung words na lumalabas na salita sa bibig ko. Pero may times na naglalag yung u"
" :  wow may pagasa pa sa mga batang Filipino "
" Her tweets doesn make sense. maghanap ng anything Filipino about Maria eh yung feed punong-pun "
"Naka 99% sa filipino kasama ang buong pamilya with classmates para paalisin yung alaga"
" : Typical filipino parents: finishing the meal at Mang Inasal, asking a cellophane bag sa waiter to take all the"
"Filipino aunt ffgjgujjkadhddddkkkk "
" : Sabi ng Palasyo, freedom of expression daw ang statement ni Mon Tulfo against Filipino workers. of expression din d"
" : Toxic filipino mindset ;pag nanahimik ka, guilty ka.;pero pag pinag laban mo sarili mo, defensive ka."
"Ang totoxic ng mga Filipino."
"me: you wanna get applebee? sheltered ass gf: idk I not feeling filipino food"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
" : These white girls want me to go get piercings with them. Sounds like a wild night for this Filipino."
" : Antoinette Jadaone's brilliant movie #NeverNotLoveYou tests the strength of love through distance. Don't miss out on your chan"
"how similar are we? pts- '06 liner pts- september baby uwu pts- di alam kung sino bias pts- walang ipo "
" : Ulan was a Filipino movie I actually enjoyed!!!! Every Filipino movie I remember was either the same kind of love story"
" You should try other filipino foods as well :D"
"  Filipino-American... born in Philippines and raised in America so the last two I guess"
" Abs-----CBN.. In the service of the filipino"
" super momsh!!! watch kana, the best filipino horror film for me "
"Because everyone else is doing it  - armyblink  - jungkook bias - lisa bias - spring day enthusiast "
" : Ailee is coming back. Any filipino kpop fans here. Please help us bring Ailee in Manila. Sign this petition. Thanks. "
"      Hahahahaha midget filipino fonzie hahaha"
"i appreciate my filipino bandori mutuals "
"Thanks #floydmayweather you make Filipino proud wearing Phil. Flag cap. #CNN/#talkasia bless. Take care bro."
"1. ashley . 19, may 11. i have 4 irl ones &amp; on here i say my #1 bestest friend is ellison. single but if * "
" : Mabuhay ang mga Filipino WWII Veterans!! "
"TOP 10 RICHEST YOUNG FILIPINO CELEBRITIES OF 2019 #ASAPNatinTo#1stPerforLAYFonASAP#SPSTheGreatPaandar"
"It was a rainy day... and so I decided to ask a friend to help make dried Filipino fish with chocolate rice! Also k "
" mapeh presentations - 'twas the night before christmas - late again - cheerdance - the resiliency of a filipino - hip hop ..."
"10 am tapos 2 pm na nag start, Filipino time  last day na ng ROTC  "
" Literally, the Filipino Time"
"typical filipino horror movie"
"Magaanak anak tapos iaasa sa magulang yung pampalamon. Inuna libog, inuna pride, pag di mapanindigan, ibang tao pa "
"Namiss ko na filipino foodz"
" sana perpek rin grades ko sa filipino men."
"Wew. Haya "
"For dinner!? Why not! #homecooking #feedingprogram #missindependent #eastmeetswest #asian #oriental #filipino "
" gws seatmate:(( wala kaming maaasar during filipino :&lt;&lt;"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"Pro Filipino si PNoy.  "
"To All Filipino Voters: it looks like shit, smells like shit and feels like shit, you don't have to eat it to know it's shit!"
"I DO LOVE K-POP BUT AS I SURELY DO IS JUST NOT A HUNDRED PERCENT YES, YOU READ IT RIGHT, DON'T JUST PUT YOUR INFA "
"That's why my cousins and i are so excited to celebrate our vacation here in Aliaga because of the Perya and other "
"   ? (stole this lmao) - stans txt and bts - ariana stan - western &amp; kpop stan "
"8. Filipino"
" Pearl + she/her + yoongi + filipino"
"Toxic Filipino culture?  hilig kang ikumpara sa iba.buti pa si ganito bakit di mo gayahin si ganito "
"Tons of Filipino movies now on Netflix.. "
"Why are Filipino movies on Netflix smh"
"I am glad that  is encouraging local businesses to represent homegrown goods and talent in various trade ev "
"First timer. you know my Filipino ass had to get rice on the side  "
"67. Out of the most popular states, which one is better?"
"mga filipino nga naman body shamers"
" : The Filipino Sinbad gained worldwide attention in 1955 for his solo voyage across the Pacific in a wooden boat. "
"how similar are we? pts -  liner pts - jungkook biased pts - 70% hard stan, 40% soft stan pts - vkoo "
" : Hindi naman bobo mga Filipino para maniwala sa kanya. Tama po may mga taong nasa likod nya. "
"Review for MidTerm sa Social Change and Dev't sa The Filipino Personality/Report sa Mathematics i "
"     Is there anh chances that IZ*ONE will do a world "
"dude every time I say the word  out loud someone nearby is like  you Filipino lol"
"Today will meet with the Filipino Freethinkers to discuss and bond. It is free, maybe you can come, see the details "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
" : keep me, i'm both clingy and moody"
" : Latest in : A Filipino doctor is making strides in ending tuberculosis in Ukraine. Hear her insights on how to fin"
" : #SequentialArtsPinoy you're Filipino (however you define it), a comic artist, I'd love to see your samples and portfo"
"The essence of being a true Filipino is attending a birthday party just for the food"
"medj shookt pa din talaga ako nung nakita ko kahapon yung teacher ko sa filipino nung g4 aka mader ni beran HAHAHAHA"
"That it for me. No mas getting caught up with professional trolls. Today was a great day. Ate a delicious feast o "
" Ayy weh? Doon kasi sa kinainan namin puro Filipino food lang talaga"
"  But I love Filipino hotdog "
"My mom is an eptiome of a typical 'maliit na bagay may maling sasabihin' Filipino mom."
"OMG!  ! So I am overtaking an #asianAmerican job role but I am with my Asian coworkers. My partner is F "
"BASIC FILIPINO WORDS THAT WILL HELP YOU SURVIVE IN THE PHILIPPINES "
" Share your status with us! to submit your entries?: Sign up on our website: "
" : The movie entitled Eerie made me realized na may mga taong dapat kaawaan pero di dapat pagkatiwalaan btw the movie is"
"  para saan nga ba ang tweet mo? seems like you don't learn any filipino culture here, we can ma "
" : SHUT THE FUCK UP IF I SEE ONE MORE TWEET SLANDERING FILIPINO MEN IM FADING ALL YOU WHORES DONT DATE FILIPINO GUYS THEN TANGIN"
" Pano maniniwala ibang pilipino (the rest of filipino population) on their issues when their own kababaya "
" : Still supporting Filipino POP PUNK ni Edgar and lemons the strangers"
" HAHAHAHA Grade in Filipino : 65"
"unique salonga: a future candidate for national artist for his contributions in igniting the patriotism found in fi "
"solid yung effort ko sa filipino pero aaaahhhhhhhhhh asdfghjkl!!!!!"
" : all right my filipino moots nakakamiss by eevee is the perfect song for a pining denki and an oblivious kiri who doesn rea"
"The most offensive expression for me is son of a b*tch or in Filipino ptangina cuz dude you're not insulting me "
"It really a single player game isn it."
" I remember the time when Filipinos would discriminate against Chinese people that migrated to our c "
"looks like a Filipino street, like the one in Vigan "
"I really wanna read El Fili but my small Filipino vocabulary can catch up"
" its Filipinoo i cant really explain how to pronounce it but i can record myself saying it lmao it means y "
"shawn's really out here singing a filipino bop!!! my heartttttt!!!!!"
"My filipino niece pronoucing  in a british accent is unreal "
"UP living up the late Filipino stereotype"
"Because I saw this on my tl.  SASABAY NA RIN AKO pts - filipino pts - has a new bias every-freaking-comeba "
"filipino lessons, n (po like in police, gi like in give): handsome "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"Lumpiang Shanghai- a must have in every Filipino party and always ka-partner ng spaghetti at pancit  #lutongpinoy "
"never watching Filipino romance movies ever again FUCK"
"  Wait is Bayley really part Filipino or?"
"Introduction to Filipino History Teodoro Agoncillo (1974)"
"History of the Filipino people Teodoro Agoncillo (1960)"
"Chooks-To-President Ronald Mascari: All of you wanted to show the Filipino passion and you accomplished that. "
" : 5: 20: filipino count: 7"
" If she looks like an AVERAGE LOOKING FILIPINO we cant DISTINGUISH HER AS AN ALIEN"
"After my ex &amp; I broke up, I keep my love life very private. But I just posted a teaser on my Facebook just to see h "
" : We Didn't Have a Lot: the Filipino Middle Class Story"
" : if u let ur girl go to sleep upset, u a bitch"
"My dad had never seen a Filipino person till he joined the military...been raised in Chula it was hard to process that at first"
"   The Chinese have been taking Filipino Jobs here in the private sector and peop "
"I saw alot of people doing it's see how similar are we pts - Wannable  pts - ur filipino pts - broke "
" : Great review of a powerful book, one that I am grateful I had the opportunity to work on: #WeHaveNotStoppedTremblingYet"
"Why are Filipino songs so sad????"
" Please come in our city! We Filipino Aroha's are too thirsty for your performances. We really hope to s "
"wala pa akong gawa sa filipino :("
"Grabe ba. I mean I respect naman the culture of Filipino families, lalo na here sa province. Pero grabe kanina di k "
" : Not a fan of English poems but am a fan of Filipino poems. I can express my literary skills better in Filipino #HealthXPH"
"All I got to say is.....Filipino hotdog."
"Have you ever wanted to watch an informative video about an integral piece of Filipino culture but with country as "
"He said actors should serve as role models in doing good because they touch the lives of millions of Filipino youth "
" HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA TEH 3PM SABI SA PROGRAM!! PERO AZ USUAL FILIPINO TIME (ugh) MGA 4 NA NAGSTA HAHAHAHA"
"When the admin tries to read his country mothertongue...  gg  I may have triggered the whole Fili "
"Gusto kona kumain ng legit na filipino food  : tangina ung mga story nila abt food, inggit me :((((((("
"My mom makes the best Filipino champurado in the entire world and I want some so bad right now with extra evaporate "
"Latest in : A Filipino doctor is making strides in ending tuberculosis in Ukraine. Hear her insights on h "
"tbh I kinda just wanna watch Filipino movies"
"And it happened again! #homecooking #feedingprogram #missindependent #eastmeetswest #asian #oriental #filipino "
"di naman sa excited ako, di lang talaga ko Filipino time "
" : I AM A DEDICATED FILIPINO YOUTUBER FAN  IF YOU ARE! #BringYoutubersToManila"
"It's not always about the medals -- life lessons are sometimes more important than any academic award one might get "
"i hate not being able to understand filipino"
"Truly Filipino....truly world class!!? #Igorot #cordilleran #indigenouspeople #pride #local "
"   Duturte sure did not. 16M votes out of 100M is not eve  quarter of the entire Filipino nation."
" 10 pts: Chinese-Filipino   pts: YoonJin 25/8  pts: Bookworm  pts: Health professional "
"  hey Chris! U love that passion from my Filipino dude #KiheiClark ? VA Cavs all the way! riding with y'all!"
"Comunist Rebels are terrorizing Filipino businessmen asking for money and burning their farms if not. 50th annivers "
"This kid's the team's leader kihei.clark Kihei Clark our Filipino brotha sealing the deal for VA... Congrats! "
" Every Filipino family knows this feeling! hahaha"
"I deserve to treat myself to a Filipino breakfast in the morning after tonight tbh."
" : Be #Strong.  #Disciplined.  a #Champion.  you.  you  for the amazing shoot. .....#figuresk"
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 | "
" :  Yes. All employees are Chinese nationals as well. I guess the only Filipino there is the guard. "
" : Filipino pride!   sobrang nakakaproud ka Pugeh!#INIGOxWENGIEonASAP "
" ok if ure a filo ure def my twin,,, r u filipino???"
" Found guilty of an ancient, bullshit law that the president himself breaks repeatedly, you mean? That "
"I literally had to google what please is in Filipino. Wtf. I forgot the word."
"      Ayieeee love you filipino fonzie "
" Yey it just feels so Good to be Filipino right? Kagagawan ng iilan sa gobyerno lahat tayo damay. Now we "
"Anthony-Pablo Deconstruction of Federico Garcia Lorca Blood Wedding Translation by Anthony Dus "
"Miss all the Filipino foods that i usually eat"
"  kay ang filipino sina PARDIBLE aaahhhh hahahaha"
"Look! Our very own Paulo K Tir has written a musical that will open in New York City this May! ON THIS SIDE OF TH "
"Filipino industrial and retail company based in Ortigas Center, Pasig City is currently looking for a Full Stack De "
"lmao my nail tech asked me what my nationality was and when I told her I was Filipino,,, she said ????? no you're "
"I feel sick, my throat hurts, and there's Filipino Research paper and AteneoTalks to worry about"
" Saw negatives din. Which I would agree. However it is more compelling than the others because of the "
"   El ser negro,blanco,rubio,cholo,mestizo,alto,bajo,gordo o delgado(a) chino, "
" do u love ur filipino fans????"
"GIRL MY ALL TIME FAVE FILIPINO RAPPER LIKED MY TWEET BTCHHHHHHH"
" : As landmarks across the globe switch off for #EarthHour we hope it inspires you to join the movement and #Connect2Earth with us. L"
"It's one of the best local films I've seen. Sobrang peak Filipino family comedy drama, and while there are a number "
" Or a lil bit filipino"
"Full text of The Indolence of the Filipino "
"You know what I miss the most from my old account? My Filipino food thread"
" : Floyd Mayweather, the undefeated  fighter, has arrived in Manila from the Maldives for some rest and recreation. M"
" Omg yesss!! I wanna try Filipino food so bad "
" : PETITION FOR FILIPINO TELEVISION TO STA AIRING SHOWS ON A WEEKLY BASIS RATHER THAN A DAILY ONE BC ITS PA OF WHY TV QUAL"
" That's really good to know  indie filipino films are great try watching bird shot"
"Mayumi [def.filipino] tender, soft and delicate- - Mayumi #opm #indiepop #original "
"And Rebreb, the bunso who is now all grown up. Their decisions as characters make so much sense, adding weight to t "
" Is he a Filipino?"
"lets see /100 pts how similar we are this flops han jissung tweeted this pts - stan skz pts - chris bias "
" : how similar are we?- smaller than jinhwan- filipino- capricorn- needs to wear glasses- loves jaewon- book"
"ang pangit ng teacher ko sa filipino hahahatanginamodelacruzhahahaaha"
" Yes. All employees are Chinese nationals as well. I guess the only Filipino there is the guard. "
" jdjdj no i pure filipino just living in canada  i got real sad when i found out they had concerts ther "
"Fave filipino loveteam?  Jadine sis, dun lang tayo sa di takot mawalan ng career, umaamin agad. Pero di ako hater "
"Yung nakumpleto mo nang panoorin lahat ng Filipino movies Netflix has to offer. Keep it coming pls. Hukayin na yang "
" Filipino,not talented, high school student, wrecked by soobin, broke af, Huening Kai based! lol I should "
" Oof my mom's Filipino dishes are to die for let's trade for a day "
"I wonder how Doctor Iwamine would react to an eccentric Filipino breaking down his door."
" Know these pranks in Filipino so you'll not be fooled on April Fool's Day! #AprilFoolsDay #FilipinoPod101"
"Filipino Boy Group Hashtag's Member, Luke Conde was Seen Fanboying Park Minyoung, Showing Her Support for Her Upcom "
"If you're looking for Filipino food outside your home, these are your best bets. "
"Oh shit koookiiieee (**) anyway skl i'm filipino army "
" :  FILIPINO PEEPS!! I'm open for commissions atm! (Help a poor girl out) Feel free to look at pics below   are"
"do i have any filipino moots"
"how similar are we uwu-filipino-renjun and jaehyun ult-minsung ult uwu-softie -kno "
" Nag mamarathon ak yana Filipino movies. Hahahaha."
" ayown. HAHAHA isa pang Filipino, tas isa pang English. nAyseU"
"Ok It either I watching too many filipino movies or Netflix is just adding more &amp; more"
"    There's a Filipino word for that: 'paasa'."
"if you truly love music dapat you should respect all the genres and songs -francis m. no hate dapat guys haha, can "
"sometimes i really forget that i have japanese fam. like i really forget that some of my aunties married japanese m "
" Wen crypto moons imma get a Filipino bodyguard just saiyan"
"Citizen Services is the Filipino access to diverse information on civil registration, passport application, and o "
"Absent ko tani bwas kung wala filipino potek"
"me walking into a filipino food mart while possessing little to no spoken conversational tagalog skills: hi po"
"i need more filipino mutuals "
"When did twitter start acting like this? "
" 45, I half Filipino loool"
"filipino mom are so nosy wtf"
"  Thats a Filipino restaurant now."
" :   "
" Filipino reacts only!"
" : Then suddenly, every Filipino turned to Juan Tamad"
" : 5: 19: filipino count: 3"
"She rl just said  all the Filipino countries  wtf this is the most ignorant shit I heard this beyond me "
"bakit ang hilig mong kumanta tuwing Filipino time?  "
" more Filipino horror films pleaseee"
" Now we out here watching all the Filipino movies on Netflix :)"
" English and Filipino and I'm still learning Korean so..."
" you speak filipino more than I do"
"it doesnt hurt to try right. how similar are we? - filipino - multifandom - 02 liner - yoo "
"i missed Filipino food so much that I ate 8 lumpias.."
" FILIPINO AROHAS ARE WAITING FOR U PLEASE STOP NEGLECTING US"
"Welcome back, ! We missed you. I'm a Filipino in the Philippines and I love your show. "
"Meet the evil Filipino mums selling their own children to paedo tourists for  abuse sessions and recording vile "
" : I live in a 20 unit apartment building. In my building there are. units white  units mexican unit cuban unit fili"
" : Filipino Pride na ang  waaaahhhhhh#INIGOxWENGIEonASAP"
"Me: Im sick: Why don you do the Filipino remedy? Vick and sprite. That what my dad did: yeah but how "
"Filipino version ng Gordon Hayward's injury sa Dolores huh. Get well bruh"
"ion even speak in filipino online that much cause im so used to speaking english but nowdays i be bursting my react "
"Our . 2015 . again created history with her passing-of-the-crown moment immortalized thro "
"Historians are still split whether this happened in Limasawa, Southern Leyte or here in Masao, Butuan, Agusan del N "
"Filipino Pride na ang  waaaahhhhhh#INIGOxWENGIEonASAP"
" Reaction Video now up watch my reaction to TNT Boys, Jed Madela and Jona showdown  dont fo "
" : Big Brother: Thank you for loving the Filipino culture even though... Pakinggan ang kabuuan ng kanyang mensahe kay Fumiya DIT"
" : The biggest screening of a Filipino movie in US and Canada? Are you kidding?  Alone/Together is now showing in 103 cin"
"Filipino mindset be like:  not child labour if you don give them salary. it frikkin slavery idiots"
"isang baklang filipino yeah  "
"lightskin filipino"
"this is my mom when we binge on filipino movies i- "
"Filipino club be like: come and check us out we meet every Friday, 4pm at room 34.:room 34???*checks the school "
"#Philippines #Minecraft Follow me if you are proud to be Filipino, jk! "
" : Our Miss Universe 2015 Pia Wurtzbach Official again created history with her passing-of-the-crown moment immortalized t"
" :  Filipino- 99"
"Our Miss Universe 2015 Pia Wurtzbach Official again created history with her passing-of-the-crown moment immortaliz "
"A wonderful event by  celebrating women in film   b3nitobautista sdfilipinoci "
"TangIna nawawala dlp ko sa a.p syaka filipino"
"Wala pa pala akong awit sa filipino#KierVigayTodoSaASAP"
"How alike are we?  pts: Chinese-Filipino pts: YoonJin 25/8 pts: Bookworm  pts: Health professional "
" What can an ordinary Filipino citizen do if even the President of the Republic of the Philippines t "
" Most people in the Philippines calls it rog rawg. However, I, as an Australian-Filipino, call it ROG R-O-G."
" : If really  violated the law then so be it. Media should be Filipino-owned to protect our sovereignty. BUT with th"
" :  Filipino moms in less than 255 characters. Hehe"
" The tweet pisses me off because those people can lose their jobs and if your Filipino that a big de "
" toxic kaya nung ibangpinoy idols ginagamit ang kasikatan para lalong magpasikat at magyabang kase yung i "
"These Filipino athletes certainly made a buzz on Twitter this week!  #PBA #UAAPSeason81Volleyball #PSL "
" : Gaig! Bakit ang gaganda ngayon ng mga Filipino movies sa sinehan?!!! naman! Wala na akong per"
"TNTBoys has now become a staple of the Filipino weekend tv schedule. Fans of all ages await to have a glimpse of th "
"stolen from a lot of people, how similar are we? pts: libra pts: coffee lover!!  pts: dancer pts: ult "
"Do you have relatives or friends coming home for the summer?  #LifeStyle  "
" filipino virgo and 5sos twt"
" : #TheFilipinoVotes: Four more Senate aspirants will be grilled on their advocacies, platforms, and visions should they w"
"Thank you lazadaph and  for the power bank.  #pinoy #asian #filipino #philippines #gay #follow "
"Vice Ganda, u are celebrating ur bday today, Ang vice na walang kasing ganda, who has made so many million of our "
"Toxic Filipino culture is relatives thinking they are entitled to YOUR hard earned money."
" She half Filipino ok"
"#CitizenServices is the Filipino access to diverse information on civil registration, passport application, and o "
"Been in the Philippines for two hours and now I love Filipino women too."
"STOLEN truck from Eldorado Park neighborhood on Thursday morning between 12AM-1:30AM. Has a Filipino emblem on the "
"our current government is doing nothing to protect our Filipino fishermen, and to exercise our rights over the isla "
" emang masyarakat zimbabwe ada yang main rp? filipino.  gih. ntar saya pacarin."
" I think the loophole was any media needs to be owned 100% by a Filipino company. And if these PDRs are "
" Ot7/Hanbin biased, multifandom, Filipino, has siblings, gets emotional easily and loves kdramas "
"Ayaw niyo ba ng filipino only policy? Try niyo para mahirapan din yung mga dayuhan sa school hahhahahahaha"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"Watching koreana ..sana maipalabas dito sa fox filipino ang dtby .."
"lowkey mad my filipino genes gave me a straight nose but not full lips"
"they'll teach why preparation and planning are crucial to every filipino"
" : Hello Filipino audience. Our efforts and these films are for you. Hope you support them, it will mean so much to us Filipin"
" Sa filipino...... WALA AKO SA VID HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHA"
" : Poor service  #102089, 750 West Pender.. Just dumped the Long Johns in the box,. Gave wrong items (6 LJ"
" OH GOSH ARE U A FILIPINO????"
" : The reality is that [Maria Ressa] is a well-off American citizen, who acquired Filipino citizenship in 2004 to make it legall"
" : Darna is probably the most iconic Filipino superhero. For me, Darna's core is her duality: Narda/Darna. And she'll take the"
" I'm not filipino &amp; I'm not optimistic sksncjsksj "
"Filipino history movies &gt; MMFF movies"
" Filipino Boys Winning "
"I showed my mom   videos about filipino moms and she was like  ka patrisha relate na relate ka a "
"Someone approached while walking in downtown, a complete stranger, told me I look nice especially the color of my c "
"I honestly don't know how to review in filipino"
"The Ring Magazine - Ceferino Garcia Filipino Middleweight Champion and Master of the Bolo Punch #kasaysayan "
"#TheFilipinoVotes: Four more Senate aspirants will be grilled on their advocacies, platforms, and visions should th "
"not a fan of filipino horror films but this is worth a shot "
"   T de d sales??? Filipinas filipino folio flippppp lo que sea... Tonto!"
" im filipino i dont do that "
"LOL this is so true. people find out i filipino they always ask  is your mom a nurse?  "
" : The  time is never funny"
"lalo na sa math and science, pati narin sa filipino hAys"
"_maglaba sa filipino ng assignment sa ict ng chapter2 sa pr sa stats.  katamad kayo gawin!!"
"Ang daming magagaling na Filipino artists ugh "
" English, Filipino, Spanish, a little Korean, and Waray"
"Supeeer kilig yung episode 4 ng BLACKPINK. As filipino blink grabe"
" If this is true fuck it all as my Puerto Rican, Japanese, Filipino, African, Irish, Spanish and Jewish anc "
" : UPDATED:Ramon Bong Revilla Jr. ( /r/ born Jos Marie Mortel Bautista also known simply as Bong Revilla, is a Fil"
"Ay! Naging representative ang Filipino author."
"Meet your new back office in Japan. We are a Japan-based accounting firm made up of a CPA from Japan, and Filipino "
"filipino baby boomers mindsets got me feeling like im living in 1400  might fuck around and catch the black plague"
" now has a range of Filipino romantic comedies and I forget how much I loved them "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"TV broadcasting filipino team lezz bond soon pls haysss mixx u guix"
"Hello future IEs  sabi nga ni VP Leni, Industrial Engineers are needed everywhere... and there is so much each of "
" Second picture is him with a former filipino basketball star"
"Philippine Geogreen Makes Sustainable Living A Reality For Filipino "
"i ate way too much filipino food today"
"Okay back to filipino~"
"Personally, IDGAF about whoever these Filipino artists are voting for. TF do they know about politics. You knew who "
"how similar are we - full filipino - lives in LA - stan bts and txt- cookies and cream - loves dog "
"Today one of the nurses found out that I part Filipino, she thought I was full Japanese...."
"Kenapa patung penyu kat pasar filipino ni smuanya sedih2.. .#penyu #sedih #filipinomarket #sohography "
"It seems that Filipino people call the sea west of the Philippines  West Philippine Sea instead of  South "
" Omg your Filipino persona..."
"AWARDS!! High Honors award award Attendance award Patrol Leader of the Year award "
"gonna join in... oomfs how similar are we (/100)  pts - virgo pts - glasses pts - carat  pts - do "
"Filipino Bakery in Pleasanton, off of Main Street - Bunso Breads #bunsobreadspleasanton  Bunso Breads "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
" no comment daw niya ni comment hayss filipino talgaa"
"Remember guys, mining is important and we need this for national industrialization, but it must never be at the exp "
"For my fellow Pinoys ://t.co/KN5VNGR5SN "
" Hahahahaha!!! Typical Filipino visitor.  Okay lang po maya maya na.. Tas pag di na napapansin itat "
"The Victoria Filipino Canadian Association is proud to celebtate its 50th Anniversary and honoured to welcome Her E "
"  Actually filipino ppl can only relate to this tweet hahaha btw bandila is a philippine tv program"
" My son needs grandfathered also, been married to my Filipino dau-in-law for almost 22 years!"
"gusto kong jap food, korean food, western food, filipino food, italian food pero yung totoo. PERA! PERA GUSTO KO!!! nimal!!"
"filipino armys mukhang impossible na yung august concert ah..."
"  Really? The Filipino people are awaken by the dream  the hepa party trying to create but wa "
"Bucketlist. Reviving filipino Architecture  "
"I will stand for all Filipino Farmers and  the Philippine biodiversity "
" Filipino- 99"
"Miss Universe Catriona Gray shares how you can find yourselves blessed while being a blessing to others.  "
"Dalagang Pilipina pero bagsak sa Filipino"
"Toxic filipino culture: Nagkatabi lang magjowa na agad"
"I usually think in English kahit Filipino yung words na lumalabas na salita sa bibig ko. Pero may times na naglalag "
"Sinampalukang Manok is a Filipino Chicken dish cooked like sinigang also known as sour soup.  It is composed of chi "
"I'm mixed race. When I was a kid I remember hearing about how my grandma's mother was crying at my grandma and gran "
" Filipino mentality kaayo sila hahaha"
"Aleck Bovick: gusto ko ng nota ng nota nota mo... thinking of my filipino values and love of OPM: "
"  Filipino women get pushed out of windows, no investigation because they are not citizens. Fili "
"Then suddenly, every Filipino turned to Juan Tamad"
"  Sarah,my married friend accused her husband of cheating &amp; she asked me to find out wheth "
"It been a while, filipino caster is online. "
"FILIPINO STREET FOOD MUKBANG | Balut, Taho, Kwek Kwek, Fishball, Kikiam,... "
" happy birthday mama Vice! YOU WERE THE REASON WHY I SUCCESSFULLY OVERCOME DEPRESSION &amp; MY SUICIDAL TEN "
" : minimum wage challenge, where they will have to budget Php480 for the breakfast, lunch, and dinner for the day of 5 people"
"SO AYON NAGPAPLANO AKO SANA NA TURUAN YUNG MGA BATA (BAKA READING, SCIENCE, MATH, MORAL, FILIPINO TAS KUNG ANO PA M "
"Parade sa Filipino. AHHSHAHAHA boys Ang mga prinsipe sa palasyong puno ng mga prinsesa. "
"Filipino food all the way  "
"With Honors in : Filipino in : English               : Araling Panlipunan               : TLE "
"Filipino are one of the most, and if not, the most talented ethnicity. You can change my mind"
"8. LETCHE AS IN KUMULO DUGO KO NUNG SINABI SAKING 65 GRADE KO NUNG 3RD QUAER SA FILIPINO"
"My gran is watching a filipino show called 'koreana' and I feel like I've  lost all my remaining brain cells "
"Picking virginia to make the final four cause they have a filipino #MarchMadness "
"Me: I miss Filipino food.. comes back from Illinois with this  "
"Don tell me she don look Filipino there "
"If you guys want a REAL challenge, here a good one: to a Filipino party and ask multiple people how to transl "
"how similar are we  - filipino!! - stayarmyctzen ?!?!? - tae/seungmin/doyoung biased - loves harry "
" :   Well, he's not smart as they say he is. for Beto, he supported his repub friend over a Filipino, ga"
" Opo nga mam! Kaya ngayun kahit pano may platform na pra macritize na rin nmin mga misleading na sinasab "
" Filipino workers  "
"Can wait to cook some yummy Filipino food for the family tomorrow "
"I'm really proud of Lav Diaz even if I have not seen any of his work. But he's always mentioned when it comes to di "
"nanuod ako ng eerie anddd it was so far the best filipino horror movie na napanuod ko hehe"
"Four Sisters and a Wedding will always be one of my favorite Filipino films. One of those films kasi na kahit ilang "
"yeah i use my Filipino Talent incorrectly"
"Just listen to  x  KISS AND MAKEUP!!!! Damn!!! I never thought KPoP and Dua lipa go well to "
" :   went a step further. every patriotic Filipino not loyal to China feel the same way he/she do"
" : actually guys mixed race talaga ako.  filipino, half dalaga"
"Filipino Time nga talaga "
"We Didn't Have a Lot: the Filipino Middle Class Story"
" :  The heels are cheating. Gotta lay the foot flat THEN you got yourself the Filipino pose."
" Yeah- mostly filipino roleplayers."
" walang jowa at di crush ng crush nya, walang pera, ot7, sOfT sTan (maybe ), filipino, milktea=70"
"  I agree! His style is the kind Duterte (and his family) couldn stand. And sa attit "
" :  I am not getting any single cent for defending PRRD. am humble enough to appreciate every single thing h"
"Jej Vinson is one step closer to being 1st Filipino to win The Voice "
" fun time with filipino blinks "
" Well said, madam! This admin does not represent me, my family, and I dare say the Filipino people."
" : English teacher : Use The Words Chicken , Nut , and Bread in a sentence. : My priend has asthma , chicken nut bread."
" Where in Africa? There's only one country in the african continent without a Filipino - the island of Madagascar!"
"   im done"
" : Toxic Filipino culture: igon daw sila na padung na sila ang ilang gipasabot kai padung pa sila mo barog sa il"
"English teacher : Use The Words Chicken , Nut , and Bread in a sentence. : My priend has asthma , chicken nut bread."
"Aunt: I always dreamt that I wasn gonna marry a Filipino guy  friend: me too: me three : *smacks my arm*"
"Who cares? Filipino Time  "
"Toxic filipino culture:Mas naniniwala pa sa chismis,  sa katotohan"
"how similar are we? (Stole it from mutuals) - filipino  - ot7 - 4 - 00 liner - b "
" : Pag mali grammar sa English, pansin na pansin. Pag sa Filipino, okay lang. Noice. "
"Filipino letter of the day  =Atss "
"so if there's going to be a filipino version of sky castle, what's it going to be called? Park? Alabang Hil "
"I feel like Ms. Minchin is gonna start screaming at Princess Jimin to start peeling potatoes right behind them./O "
"It taboo in Filipino culture if you rather eat at a restaurant than eat your moms cooking."
"filipino children could never "
" "
" : She didn't want any part of it  "
"For my case, it would be:- "
"Someone educate me how to cook filipino dishes huhu."
"Mu diry nga sabog hahaha"
" UK: Toilet : Restroom : Banyo"
"  as if namang tayo unang papasok, filipino time babuuu"
" it called being even the smallest amount of Filipino"
" you hate filipino and hindi ka march baby noh?"
"As an NB Filipino and #1 Sam Stan, I will DIE for 's Darna interpretation "
" Here - some of the coach quotes are in Filipino but it should be easy enough to follow "
"Pag mali grammar sa English, pansin na pansin. Pag sa Filipino, okay lang. Noice. "
" : #BalikBarangay143 Despite the #criticism, it's a start for #Filipino animation. Here's to more support for our #animators, a"
"  It sad to say but this is how many people in the Philippines act. Within the cultu "
"how similar are we?  - OT7/Hanbin biased - owns a dog  - fave colour purple - multifandom "
" You be laughing and telling me to take something back that  bought "
"  hablo Filipino? hahahahahaha grabe mama"
"Gatchalian: As a , China should let Filipino fishermen in Panatag "
"    My Filipino wife was so happy for you when she heard, you won. She alway "
"whew ive never been so excited explaining malay to a filipino army like this "
" HAHAHAHHAHA TOXIC FILIPINO TRAIT"
" Well it says you bought them and gave them to me for my birthday. "
"Blackpink Diaries Ep 4 owe us Jennie reaction to the white ocean and active Filipino crowd during her Solo perfor "
" : Took a break from Sekiro to create this revamp design of our very own Filipino Superhero Darna. A lot of talented artist a"
" : My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 |"
"Happy April Fools Day tomorrow, every filipino voters!"
"mindset nating mga filipino ay gusto ko mag trabaho sa ganitong company, etc etc.  mindset ko when i was a chil "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"i get told by the other asian kids in my grade that i shouldn't call myself asian since my dad is half filipino, making me only 25%."
" english filipino and __? i speak 3+ kind of german like only 10% alam ko"
"JOBS IN UAE***************** Shutter Door Technician - OJM Autodoors Co. - Dubai://t.co/aBu7wKNtBV "
"Allegations of harassment of Filipino fishermen by the Chinese Coast Guard at the Scarborough (Panatag) Shoal had r "
"No Filipino player has ever set foot in the National Basketball Association. "
" : Twenty years, yet we have more battles to win. For a Maskom that fights not only for the struggles of the students, but"
"Allegations of harassment of Filipino fishermen by the Chinese Coast Guard at the Scarborough (Panatag) Shoal had r "
"i filipino and that burning hot tsaa madam "
"I may not be &gt; 50, but I definitely know that  is  proxy for what [I] want from love and life. To be "
"I declare GAZINI GRANADOS for the Miss Universe 2019 CROWN Latina Beauty but a pure blooded Filipino "
"Toxic Filipino culture: igon daw sila na padung na sila ang ilang gipasabot kai padung pa sila mo barog sa ilang katre"
"CBCP/LOCAL PARISH PASTORAL COUNCILS:It's a people initiative... This April 2019,LET'S educate the Filipino Cathol "
"No Filipino player has ever set foot in the National Basketball Association. "
" : Lee Kum Kee #3SecretsToLevelUpSarap of Filipino "
" Cho seungyoun positive visual,composer,rapper,dancer And he know how to speak TAGALOG AS A filipin "
"There's a Filipino named Jason in the tv show The Good Place!!! I feel so represented :-o"
"going to be filipino and get a perm"
"Senator Sonny Angara para sa kapakanan ng mga Overseas Filipino Workers! Narito ang kanya mga nagawang batas. "
"Grad celebration vlog and dalagang pilipina challenge ng mom ko! support filipino vloggers  and SUBSCRIBE! G "
"omg filipino whyyyy"
"ok tonight was really great despite my anxiety!! i met a bunch of cool new people and this one girl and i got so ex "
"ang toxic lang talaga nong filipino tradition na kapag sumagot ka mali ka,bastos ka. "
"Me: *graduates in June * Filipino mom:  you should switch to nursing "
" ahflahdl the way i understood 90% of this tweet tho can speak your language!!! im a filipino and "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
" : Isa ito sa mag reason bakit Big Winner ko si YAMYAM. positive traits ng Filipino ay dala dala niya. Yung Mas pinili niya"
"Jk. Just going to get Filipino food  "
"How similar are we?  = a ghost tweeted this  = loves photography  = loves nature = ot7 stan "
"  Typical na racist pinoy. Anyways Fumiya pa rin!! Supporting a foreigner who showed us a pur "
"everyone is doing this so: similar are we, this will most likely flop ;( - multi fandom- filipino- 01 "
"FILIPINO TV MASS March 31, 2019 QUIAPO CHURCH 11:00 am Sunday Mass "
" I am a filipino"
"The  administration will be increasing the country peacekeeping operations under the banner of the "
"This is really inspiring.  hope one day, the Filipino voters will have this level of political intelligence. We "
"do this oomfs!! how similar r we ^-^ - astrology!! - dogs lover - collects albums - filipino - coff "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
" :  believe that the Filipino will respond to the call to greatness not by coercion but by persuasion, not by intimidat"
"Filipino pride!   sobrang nakakaproud ka Pugeh!#INIGOxWENGIEonASAP "
"#Diversity begets love and sooo loveable kids like this Gives me idea for my Filipino-Ghanaian family! "
"When Jason Kenney comes up in a conversation with Filipino-Albertans in Fort Saskatchewan:  know what he don "
"It's April Fools Day n d air &amp; starting tomorrow,Malacanang via digong-panelo tsndem will THROW FALSEWHITELIES in "
"yg sleeping on filipino blinks when they the most charismatic and has the most number of fan bases after thai blinks "
"im only going bc its a Filipino party and u kno there will be good food"
" I was in an underground sports bar surrounded by Filipino fans."
"Floyd Mayweather, the undefeated  fighter, has arrived in Manila from the Maldives for some rest and recr "
"hi looking for a filipino multi fandom and mutual here"
"  The family should all go for Filipino night"
" : *laughs in Filipino "
"American values are not perfect. Filipino values aren't either. But if you get to pick and choose what you think ar "
"tinatamad akong gawin yung sa filipino hahaha"
"I belong to the filipino peeps who can't fucking sing and dance. Watching Vpeeps made me realize that."
" : I think Kihei Clark might just be the first player with Filipino blood to make the Final Four since  "
"You can literally enjoy while obeying the laws of Filipino grammar."
"so much love for restored filipino films &lt;3"
" now i kinda wish i'd go to his fanmeet here bc hes probably gonna cover a filipino song too "
"  Also Filipino, vicks on everything"
"The Penn State Filipino Association hosted their annual barrio, Crazy Rich Filipinos, on Saturday, March 30, 2019 a "
"salPanelo of the Philippines:STOP PUBLICLY TALKING &amp; STA LISTENING TO THE FILIPINO VOTERS.Don't you see the OTSO "
" : 2/2 After having Guimaras mango, I won't eat any other mango, he said during dinner he tendered for the Philippine delegatio"
" : Filipino body Language (Part 3) "
"been snacking on chickenballs for 3 days straight now bc of that filipino movies unpopular opinion tweet : / "
" Wowwww it the Filipino "
"filipino "
"Got my Lilac by Lily liquid lips and I wonder if there are many filipinos who bought these since shes filipino? "
" : [HYPMIC OC] he! my rapsona! :3c im still thinking of a background for him!! but i rly want him to be half filipino nurs"
"i can hear a lot ptnginaa from filipino jenlisa shippers  "
"Malaca tells Maria Ressa to stop 'complaining' about arrests - via  one of the sovereign fi "
"President Rodrigo Duterte should ban teams named after alcoholic drinks or brands bearing the name of the Philippin "
"Kihei Clark, who set up the tying basket against Purdue, is half-Filipino and will likely play for the national tea "
"I think Kihei Clark might just be the first player with Filipino blood to make the Final Four since  "
"Every Filipino ML player's weakness: nak i-pause mo muna 'yan."
" Unfortunately my many Latin-American coworkers also love this shit. from my former Indian coworker "
" : [] #BTS 5TH MUSTER [MAGIC SHOP]  (+ENG/JPN/CHN) ://t.co/B83F4R7PNo# #BTS #5THMUSTER"
"Be #Strong.  #Disciplined.  a #Champion.  you.  you  for the amazing shoot. ..... "
" That's not what I meant, pogi. Yun lahat ng products kasi dito may local language translations... n "
" : This Filipino-American is the senior visual development artist at Marvel Studios who worked on the costumes for 'Captain"
" He bodied me with Filipino rules also :P."
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"Which do you like better, pancakes or waffles?  Neither. I prefer bfast that is close to my heart ~ Filipino style "
" my filipino macho genes"
"Which do you like better, pancakes or waffles?  French toast "
"  My husband is Filipino &amp; we live in a very 'right' area of Central Florida, I get it! Our son "
"   Huy burger pa din. yun turo samin nung filipino teacher namin ehz puro ka naman kalakohan eh!!! "
"how similar are we? - 98 liner - january baby - asian/filipino - music &amp; dance is my life - ot7 sta "
" : filipino movies hit differently man "
"14 years later, Filipino girl marries the American boy who gave her Christmas present - Good Times "
"Filipino time na naman po tayo para sa reunion"
"Filipino body Language (Part 3) "
" 70! And part of that is being a Filipino and being multilingual UwU"
"FILIPINO CHARACTER AND PERSONALITY: HIYA, AMOR PROPIO, EMOTIONS AND THE INFLUENCES OF CATHOLICISM, ASIA AND SPAIN "
"Graduate na ako pero hindi ko pa rin alam kung bakit 84 lang binigay ni Sir sa akin nung grade 11 sa Filipino?"
"i signed up as a math tutor pero ngayon may science, english at filipino na rin! tapos icha-chat din ako ni student "
"   Best in filipino ka kasi pakahaba ng reply mo ineffortan talaga  nalito ak "
"No one can tell the future, but one thing's for sure plays a big part in it.   industry leaders and exp "
"The Filipino Sinbad gained worldwide attention in 1955 for his solo voyage across the Pacific in a wooden boat. "
"Review--  Gina Apostol's INSURRECTO, a tale of American and Filipino Memories that most of us need to be aware of "
"8. filipino/ilocano"
" Filipino/Asian, multilingual, mono enthusiast  skjddj"
"  Filipino"
"Filipino restaurant? Nostalgic.? Trivago. "
" : Here's . - BenCab Sabel, the Filipino actress who captured Japan Yakushi Pearl Award and recipient o"
"saw this on my tl, lets try!  alike are we?  - ros ult - gemini - 01 liner - multi "
"Filipino movies are ridiculously corny for no good reason and make me want to barf."
"Old Filipino men are the WORST. Swear to god."
"stolen off the tl hehe but how similar are we? :o pts pisces  pts 5  pts filipino pts sleepy gor "
" : I'm not really into PINOY horror movies but this one really hits the spot.. A must watch.. Step up for Filipino horror mo"
"He over here watching a standup comedian make fun of short people and he starts holding me. And I swear to you al "
"it is sung in 9 different languages (Thai, Malay, Burmese, Laotian, Filipino, Vietnamese, Chinese, Khmer, Indonesi "
"huy wala akong mahanap sa Filipino namin"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"*Filipino girl of my dreams* "
"how similar are we owo pts- filipino and white pts- big multi pts- v pale pts- Dark dark eyes pts- "
"Cooked two filipino dish. #TitasofCalamba"
"Best in filipino goes to lola U! Wala kayo  ! So parang hiram na salita yung mood ganun? Di "
"FILIPINO BLIIINKS I'M SO PROUD OF YOU #BLACKPINKDIARIES"
"  I lyk to believe that you most certainly DO NOT represent the will, heart, and mind of t "
" : Misuari led a siege of a Filipino city that left the place in shambles and families with loved ones to burry. Threatened"
"Filipino Blinks we keep on winning! We own Blackpink Diaries Ep 4. Im so proud of us all.  I said what i said. "
" : In one of his shortest public speeches, President Rodrigo Duterte  on Friday vowed to work for Filipino Muslims up to his"
"  The point he trying to make was that vengeful and mean character was already innat "
"filipino boys will always be corny to me"
"Dalagang Pilipina  .  young Filipino woman who is modest, loving, humble, strong-willed and courageous  "
"Today i decide my vibe  lang kahit sobrang na mimiss mo na sya ganon talaga pag #LDR ...............#pinoy "
"i saw my mutuals do this so imma do it to similar are we? - luvs memes   - jungkook biased "
" excuse me. filipino whore*"
" hindi ba pwedeng filipino by heart? HAHAHAHA"
"Dear  , the Banaue Rice Terraces were built by Filipino indigenous people, not by the Chinese. (Screen "
"  Pure Filipino means both of ur parents is Filipino"
" So, all the while  knew fully well the evil that can affect the minds of the many un "
" : I want to say thank you for those who are showing support. This version of Ruby is for those who are told emotions are f"
"No one ask but I was cooking Tinola a Filipino dish, and I just made a V using one of ingredients  Perks of bein "
"bsht wreck it ralph filipino dubbed "
" HINDI PUTA MANONOOD KA NG KDRAMA DEPUTA BIGLA KANG MAKAKARINIG NG FILIPINO WORDS HAHAHAHAHAHAHAB FUCKING SHIT"
"bandwagon but-  similar are we ? broke af gemini  short hair  pineapple on pizza filipino  huening "
"My Papa heard Jimin singing a Christmas song (I watching the video hehe) and he praised him for his beautiful voice "
"Proud Filipino Blink#BLACKPINK "
"  Got them thoughts all the time ."
"Mexican, Filipino, aaand Korean "
"  Any  is definitely Filipino "
"Chinese, Vietnamese, Taiwanese, Korean, and Japanese. No one ever guesses Filipino smh "
" : Toxic filipino culture???  may nalaman lang sila na issue tapos ikakalat na nila agad? Tapos magmamalinis sila n"
"This is Deborah Villiers giving sworn testimony to the United States of America to the nine states president and al "
"I just find it so annoying how my parents want me to apply to the ivy leagues and to UCs so they can brag to their "
" : #SinagMaynila2019 Finalist, Short Film Category: MEMORIES OF THE RISING SUN by Lawrence Fajardo Japanese soldier is to"
" : Filipino-Japanese actress/model Ikeda Elaiza rocking the runway for Lagua Gem "
"HAY FILIPINO THANK YOU"
"    Pagkatalo ng mga otso deretso..tagumpay ng bawat Filipino at  hndi ng mga dilawan."
" : .  is the first Filipino celebrity to be featured in the wax museum!://t.co/bqjBsizSdF"
"Self-sufficiency can also promote lower prices of goods, better opportunities for Filipino farmers, and somewhat ea "
"But in all seriousness, this is not funny. Rather than spending the money to really help people, they use it in t "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
" I just have to be filipino"
"angsty white filipino. Gosh, the fact na kaya mo magsuot ng ganoon in that weather? Might as well have a heat stroke. Pero yeah, you do you."
"readwriteunite   #vhanfire #vhanfirethought #vhanfirepoem #filipino #tagalog "
"This made me sad. Again Filipino basura issues. I hope sa lahat ng mga concerts &amp; events we can have announcement i "
"filipino, math and rizal sa iisang araw? sabog."
"The Bureau of Fisheries and Aquatic Resources on Saturday advised local fishermen to avoid the Scarborough (Panatag "
"bandwagon but- similar are we ? broke af filipino  5 + jimin biased tae / yoongi *wreckers* sho "
" I am not getting any single cent for defending PRRD. am humble enough to appreciate every single thi "
" :  I will put this on Facebook. Gagawin ko pong Filipino ang pagkakasulat doon. Salamat."
" just some 14 yr old filipino demi-boy i saw tweet about stuff they think they know about Hate Speech an "
"Mahalo!! goetzrj  Kawali is my fav but the adobo fried rice wrapped in omelette is not too shabby  Elena's "
"Pia Wurtzbach is the First Filipino to have a wax figure at Madame Tussauds Hong Kong and she is from Cagayan de Oro City! Woah!"
"firstly, i want to plug this personal essay i'm still really proud of about my filipino heritage, depression &amp; cook "
"a filipino and i aint hurt bc this shit is true  "
"basically all of my current filipino classmates "
"Botong Matalino para sa kinabukasan ng bawat Filipino at ng ating bansang Pilipinas  and Share  "
"Which do you like better, pancakes or waffles?  Have you tried puto lanson?  is quality filipino breakfast, l "
"Interview with Minister of Immigration  - Filipino Journal://t.co/XOsmfR4lKB "
" it i wrote filipino it would been 60 sksjsksk"
"This guy is #Filipino. "
"Andaming exposure ng filipino fans sa BP diaries nsjsmskxn"
" I speak English and Filipino (Tagalog) and I know a bit of Mandarin and Korean but I trying to learn more korean "
" : 89% of Filipino warrior fans look like P-Lo"
" : A Filipino woman who sheltered Edward Snowden when he fled to Hong Kong has been granted asylum in Canada, where she arrived"
"#BalikBarangay143 Despite the #criticism, it's a start for #Filipino animation. Here's to more support for our "
" Kalain hahaha madisappoint ka lang. Rate namon 6/10 hahahahahahaha Filipino Movies gid man "
"Tastes like home!://t.co/bcAAQugfka"
" : the filipino accent"
"BRINGING THIS VIDEO BACK. Filipino Blinks singing to  #BLACKPINK #BLACKPINKINMANILA #BLACKPINKDIARIES "
"Thanks to progressives allies, Filipino Americans,  volunteers, my NYT staff,  survivors for attending free weekly "
" : filipino haikyuu! fans are wholesome- uwu "
"25. Pagbasa at Pananaliksik: isip na agad ng research title hahahaha filipino dapat syempre tapos napaka-systematic "
"Mahalo! waltermilneomalza  Sarciado Guisado  Elena's Home of Finest Filipino Foods "
"Assignments for 04-01-19: Presentation in Music, Art Materials - Activity given - Preparations "
" : shit white ppl say:-ahn   that filipino"
"    I know I did. Btw I Filipino so the attempted racist jokes d "
" : Lenny shows a Glock 17 with Mako Cut slide, Filipino flag, and Burnt Bronze finish.: "
" : Let's look at how Jesus is described as God humble servant at any of our worship services. See you, church!#Victor"
" : Behold my servant, whom I uphold, my chosen, in whom my soul delights; I have put my Spirit upon him; he will bring for"
" : Well... talk about dreams coming true  a few years ago, I never thought that #Filipino food would be cool. Like I"
"Only the Very BEST for You! Homes &lt;3 "
"i hate popular filipino comedies"
"Support sa Filipino Animators mga ka-Barangay! #BalikBarangay143"
" : Hey  Definitely these not covered by press freedom 1) violating 100% Filipino mass media ownership 2) using dumm"
" Panoorin: Senator  para sa kapakanan ng mga Overseas Filipino Workers  #AlagangAngara #PHVote ://t.co/T01jTgYE6T"
"how similar are we?  - mate - loves math - hates filipino - softie - misses wanna one so damn much "
"me: ayan na may maaaksidente na sa daan kasi hindi siya filipino production kung walang maaaksidente: ayan na "
" The filipino translation HAHAHA"
"Siguro kaya lagi ng puno sched ko para siguro matrain q na sarili ko na wag mag filipino time HAHAHA"
" OOF its filipino dialect for wow hes so handsome but that also works"
"Ube Custard!! #filipinofood #dessert #foodie #hongning #carolstream  Hong Ning Filipino Restaurant &amp; Grill "
" It sad to think that it seems the Filipino nation have not learned their lessons from the past. Mar "
"the filipino accent"
" : Woodrow Wilson Media Day  28 students from Woodrow Wilson were rewarded for their hard work at school by going on a field tr"
" she like giving me examples of how it would work in like exclusively cultural restaurants like filip "
"Watching this interview from a Filipino director and how she had to deal with various Filipino actors. All I can sa "
" 01 liner, filipino and pianist because i play guitar!"
" :    isa karin kupal tangina nito, Filipino kaba or isang alien na gustong sirahin ang"
"I feel sorry our Filipino 'blogs' have been reduced to heavily edited photos and filtered selfies.  original co "
"im really cutting my food w a spoon,,, my filipino is showing"
"how similar are we? __/100 - libra - lives in California - Filipino - multilingual - "
"/stolen similar are we? ( ^^ ) pts - asian pts - Filipino pts - Yoongi biased pts - age is below 18 "
" : Paramount Pictures paramountpics collaborated with Filipino artist, 39-year old, Caloocan-based Don Suratos "
" filipino passing privilege"
"   Filipino families just can't get up and leave. They face economic ruin doing so."
"This cute little Filipino lady I work with is my favorite"
"Are there any Filipino artists I can connect with? I'd be interested for a commission. Preferably a combo of enviro "
"Working in a BPO company makes me realize that filipino are far way better than americans lol"
"i come back from a sleepover and suddenly i listen to filipino music and want to be in a relationship. is this what "
"so nagdadrama ako sa kapatid ko then out of nowhere, she just blurted out na Kuya, pataba ka ng pataba, mas lalo k "
"'Child sex tourism': Perth man jailed for 11 years for molesting Filipino girl overseas "
"Damn she know bout that filipino discount "
"i don't know. but as a Filipino, this one offends me "
"We have a president who's objectifying women in such a way and our men didn't act the way they should have. So Fili "
"   Filipino's need to take a look inside the mirror, your president is a reflec "
"unpopular opinion: Filipino culture edition having a mental breakdown and when it's DEFINITELY not okay, Fili "
"you have banining but i have nickfurry na half amerikan half filipino  meet nickfurry the blue and black eye dog "
" a firebrand, Del Pilar operated with blasphemous humor to wage war on the friars. - sounds like my type of guy "
" KristinaMaralit: LOOK: Malacanang issues Proclamation No. 701 declaring 02 April 2019 as a special non-working d "
"how similar are we? pts- jimin pts- ot7 pts- choi soobin pts- choi yeonjun pts- choi beomgyu pts "
"Hahaha Fumiya you are my big winner for your candor and insights to the Filipino way of life. Never had voted in PB "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
" : Best in Math in Science in English in TLE in Filipino of the Year High Honors of it"
"Sabi ko sayo Filipino time yan"
"   In reality there are 21 million crimes reported annually to police in the US "
"My mom and I are watching this Filipino movie and omg this girl is annoying af "
"can someone buy me filipino food rn bc thatd be great"
"[ Update Chara ] ratedjenlisa: i was waiting for jennie's bday ad, filo blinks singing the birthday song for ros, "
"Filipino blinks were so loud really haha rehearsal pa lang #BlackpinkDiaries"
"Bo filipino... "
"See kitang kita pano magmahal mga Filipino Blinks Naiiyak ako sa Blackpink Diaries Ep4 "
"there were so many moments that wasn't included in BP Diaries manila but here u go(1) of coarse their filipino gr "
"i was waiting for jennie's bday ad, filo blinks singing the birthday song for ros, blinks cheering for jisoo, the "
" I am weeeeeping! I wish there were a bigger filipino presence down here! :c I need me some good foods!"
"He truly deserves the love he receiving from Filipino ppl., FUMIYA!!!  "
"Grabe naman yung korean reacts hahah They're filipino right? Why're they singing in english"
"Bella and Mama dressed up for Church!  Loma Linda Filipino SDA Church "
"ang swerte nung mga filipino blinks that were featured on blackpink diaries!! saan ba kami nung finilm ????"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
" Ironic that some corrupt/naive government official(s) sold Filipino building blocks which China used to m "
"Iban nka ka graduate na kmi ya may defense pa, may output pa sa Filipino, Biology, Basic Calculus kag CVL, may posi "
"Term exams bukas...: manonood ng Phantom of the Opera na may dalang science at filipino notebooks"
"After watching BLACKPINK DIARIES, I realized that Filipino blinks are the wildest."
" : Panelo: May magagawa ba tayo? Palace says of reported harassment of Filipino fishers in Scarborough Shoal.: So gan"
"it's happening u guys!!! filipino produced basketball anime #Barangay143 now showing!!! "
" : I took 2 hours from work just to watch #UlanMovie on its last day. I left the theater with renewed hope for Filipino films."
"It weird knowing that a lot of these Filipino adults only accept me bc I light and wouldn fwm if i was darker"
"dalawang beses na ako nakarinig ng filipino line sa mga songs na nirecommend ni taeyong HnGgggggG"
" : toxic Filipino culture: kapag may kasama kang lalaki boyfriend mo na agad"
" She is a foreigner by blood and by passport. It is normal for her to get foreign support. She needs to b "
"Well mukhang sa filipino pa ata babagsak."
"stole it from oomfs! similar are we? - aquarius  - 03 liner  - dog lover - 00line stan "
" Yes hahaha may filipino dub na"
" i would love to have a filipino restaurant close enough to deliver all my favorites. i'd be in heaven."
"a fun time with filipino blinks "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
" CHLOEEEE AAAA PANINGNING A FILIPINO MEME AND I CANT BELIEVE IT THAT IT GOT TO U AAAA I LOVE PANINGNING UWU"
"filipino boys think they be doing something when they dance to loveshot shirtless"
" Ive been watching filipino movies lately lol"
"ok but WHY are most of my moots filipino  "
"shit white ppl say:-ahn   that filipino"
" Hahaha, same here volunteering for Filipino, specifically Npli Me Tangere and El Filibusterismo"
"Tumanda na ako nang ganito [3x+3 = ?], ngayon ko lang nalaman ang history ng pranks day na ito. ^_^  ba alam "
"Always always always Filipino breakfast bc I'm a rice persooon"
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 | "
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 | "
"Si nanang naghahanap na sya ng Filipino food. ...umuuwi lng talaga to ng pinas para makakain ng laswa eh."
"Oliver mom saying  aking anak HTGAWM fans: "
"  I Filipino and Irish, I sure my temper is worse"
" : Japanese but Filipino with a heart!#PBBTheBigDeb8 #iWantFUMIYAM "
"MELACLEAR FACIAL SET- treatment against all kinds of melasma, dark spots and blemishes. 7 out of 10 Filipino suff "
"Time to celebrate your victory over acads! Feast on your favorite authentic Filipino dishes on your graduation day "
"Visited Austin for the first time with my wife and niece. Thank God there is a Filipino restaurant here too! #bemorepacific"
"Lastly, Gwen Foster is an advocate for Filipino #gamedev through her work as one of our board members, part of the "
" : I hope the MMK of Judith could lessen if not totally stop racial discrimination to our own filipino race..after all we"
" oh yeah i understand what minggu means in indo since i kinda searched for it after you replied shhsh "
" : Ewan ko bat ang sarap pakinggan ng Dalagang Filipina? Pero mas masarap pa din pag Binatang Filipino yeah! "
"Stole this from my tl but im sure this will flop  anyways ways how similar are we? - gamer  - writes aus "
"NAPAG ARALAN NAMIN SA FILIPINO YUNG HOMILIYA KANINA SA SIMBAHAN"
"     Su kanako unodtong nabayad ko na 79 sa filipino?!!!"
"Filipino parties have the best food  "
" : Toxic filipino mindset:; Pag nanahimik ka, guilty ka.; Pero pag pinaglaban mo sarili mo, defensive ka."
"What can I say?  My filipino blood makes me love cheese. "
"#OnePunchMan Finale on  then next week its #MyHeroAcademia #BokuNoHeroAcademia # filipino/tagalog "
"Poor white military family living paycheck to paycheck in the PI in the late 60. Monsoon knocked down the concret "
" : Done watching Eerie. Juskoooo. Haha! Not the typical Filipino horror movie nga talaga. My goodness! Di mo talaga mappredict k"
" : ICYMI | Revisit: Filipino inventor portable water treatment device://t.co/Vv4Ctgupho"
"Toxic filipino culture punyeta"
"Met this fine ass lilttle blondie at La La Land Pool Party and first thing she says to me is I only go for Filipino "
" : jghhh!! just watched Eerie  magandaaa compare sa ibang filipino horror movies  May sense ganon HAHAHHAHAHAHA"
"Today is the day! all Filipino fans, join us at Cafe Amazon, SM Norrh EDSA Annex Bldg., 11am onwards, as we cel "
" : You really have the heart of a Filipino.-Kuya, 2019#PBBGradu8tion FUMIYA "
" : OMG?!?!?!?! FILIPINO BLINKS CAN'T CALM  "
"Breakbeats being played by the neighbors I overlook; didn't know they were filipino."
"OMG?!?!?!?! FILIPINO BLINKS CAN'T CALM  "
"8 : I've been deaf in my left ear since i was days old  : I play drums &amp; guitar I can speak 5 languages (Frenc "
"lowkey getting tired of seeing white person vs filipino does ____ videos.  can we please come up with content tha "
" : Suspense    klase na talaga Filipino movies ngayon!!! #Eerie"
" Eyow we goin 50 ima leo and a filipino and my height is 5'1 too but somehow im lefthanded"
"  At first it was english and spanish but they dubbed it so it was filipino and spanish also :)"
"     Di pa ngani sure kin makaiba ko ta depe "
" : not on no suicidal shit but i really just don wanna do this anymore"
"Today is the day! all Filipino fans, join us at Cafe Amazon, SM Norrh EDSA Annex Bldg., 11am onwards, as we cel "
"  oooh so she mixed filipino and spanish or..? here it's famous too and it's spanglish jsjsjs"
"It sucks to know that some Filipino are quite way abusive to foreigner."
"how similar are we? pts- walang jowa pts- di crush ng crush niya pts- marupok pts- walang pera pts- "
" : eerie is the best filipino horror movie so far"
"how similar are we  - filipino/canadian - leo - '97 -  infj - college/university au &gt;&gt;&gt; - winged "
" :  He knows why those vessels are there. But he loves China more than the Philippines. He is answerable to China,"
"Karylle, Sunshine Dizon, Iza Calzado &amp; Diana Zubiri Reunite In First Original Filipino iFlix Movie - Cosmopolitan P "
" : Eerie is soooo so good for a filipino horror movie"
"Insanely huge and good #pigfeet trotters. This is definitely the most refined Filipino food I had in "
" There's a little Filipino grocery store a short drive away that has ready-made food! It was actually m "
"Wow! Yung pangulo kasi ng bansa ang pasimuno kung papano maging second rate ang mga Filipino sa sariling bansa. Aba "
"Filipino blinks are so happy too that beautiful girls came to our beautiful contry. We miss u!!!  "
"Hi, I just trying it out. Pls reply! - Really short - Dark Eyes - Pisces - Army Ot7!! "
"There ain't nothing in this world like a Filipino boy"
"WE FILIPINO BLINKS ARE REALLY THE LOUDEST AND CRAZIEST FANS IN THE WORLD!!!     WE MISS YOU HERE QUEENS!!!  "
" : Eerie is nicely atmospheric, smart, moody, and (somewhat) creepy. A good entry in the list of serious Filipino horror movies."
"so may nakasabay akong chinese school sa airport pero mga filipino sila and guess what sa Singapore ang fieldtrip nila and for 3 days shizz"
"rip sa grades ko sa filipino 102 "
"The Bureau of Fisheries and Aquatic Resources on Saturday advised local fishermen to avoid the Scarborough (Panatag "
"Why is this so accurate for every Filipino LMAO it was like our own pilgrimage "
"wow filipino time!!!!!!!! 9am ako nandito mag 10am na wala pa rin"
" : Kung totoo ito, gawan ng poster.  wage: construction worker - P3,000/day  construction worker - P60"
"    Amo ako man buko sanang dahil accounting dahil man sa fi "
" : If you're an avid fan of a Horror Movie is a MUST watch a good plot. No corny scene nor magical fiction thingy."
"Canadian man unveils world largest pearl, worth up to $90 million "
"That I had to wait til intermission at the opera to see a gay Filipino guy in snakeskin boots is absolutely insulting"
"    Kung payagan ako dito sa house hahaha di pa sure ta syem "
" :   Eerie has set the bar for a Filipino Horror Film. Eto yung movie na magcha-Challenge sa ibang Local Horror Fi"
"Filipino: *gets offended* *rants in english* *calls out the person makin the joke* * a self proclaimed influencer* *oof* #imahypocrite"
" : Pero guys maganda nga yung Eerie. Not the usual Filipino horror movie siya. Grabe mang gulat "
"Napaka-toxic talaga ng Filipino Culture na ipaparamdam sayo na parang anlaking kasalanan pag bumukod ka na."
"Bakit wala filipino translation ? Unahin talaga ibang lahi kesa sa kapwa nyo? "
"brazilian, filipino, egyptian, peruvian, mexican jejrjeheh "
"My grandpa, on the far left, at FYA (Filipino Youth Activities) meeting in the 70s. Always organizing. "
"Filipino Blinks make this vid 5M views &amp; 500K likes or more!! We stan OT4, it's our Area. Ah yeah, Ah Yeah  "
"This is not fake news! This definitely shows Marcos family stole from the Filipino people and will have to pay addi "
"Filipino stay hAaaaaaa, sakit na ng ilong ko eh sa english"
" : FILIPINO BLINKS ARE THE LOUDEST!!! Kakaproud  me part of the pink ocean in Manila  morning!  -"
"Mommeh: uy daddy tignan mo oh filipino foods oh *lumingon si daddeh sa may tv* ang sasarap!: ay anobayan pa "
" Hmmmn, why USA? Filipino citizen?????"
"Filipino aunties are fucking stupid sometimes"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
" : rt for help! i want to make an after gc with all my filipino mutuals "
"Iba yung Crab Mentality dito no?! Yung pag umaangat ka patuloy kang hihilain pababa ng kapwa mo. Di nalang maging m "
" : SEEING DOUBLE Wurtzbach unveiled her wax figure today at the SM Mega Fashion Hall where the #PiaMadeIconic Travel Fest"
"Syempre magbabahagi din ako haha. Mahigit isang taon pa lamang ang aking paglilingkod sa organisasyon o pamilyang i "
"I truly believe this is how Filipino Society works. Someone does something for everyone. Everyone complains bc it i "
"20190331 Batasan to Katipunan via UP Diliman #nikeplus #nikerunning #running #newbalance #igersmanila #igerspinoy "
" : Happening Now: Filipino teen sensation Kai Sotto's sendoff before his departure in a mission to realize his NBA dream."
"So many filipino movies on Netlix."
"how similar are we???  - march baby - loves writing stories - jinhwi shipper - misses wanna one - w "
"  Exactly. I have 2 adopted nephews who speak Filipino. I don even speak Filipino. "
" : the palengke figthing scene was honestly the best action/fighting scene and one of the best Filipino cinematic acts i e"
" Tagalog(Filipino), English, learning Mandarin, Waray-Waray (Dialect)"
"  he should do a story on him and his friends, that beat a filipino man until he lost his eye, talk about SCARY PEOPLE"
" My Filipino husband who is a nurse didn't get this lmao"
" : This is the only filipino movie na napanood ko na horror and at the same time has substance."
"i seen all these filipino movies, i still cry .."
"Puro kayo filipino time"
"Kamayan is a must... The Filipino culture so "
"filipino children nowadays chanting pamela one titi mo walang laman instead of spaghetting pababa"
"So random. So Filipino. #needFactCheck "
" : #Eerie is an unpredictable movie!! From start to finish nakakatakot! Walang pinapalampas na scene eh. Halos minu-minuto"
" are you filipino?"
" : A Filipino action film you definitely shouldn't miss! the badass and hardcore #MARIAmovie! Now showing in cinemas"
"ehh parang mga kuliglig sa ingay ung mga filipino blinks hahahhaha tpos wlang masyadong ganap dito si jisooya "
" : #Eerie is nice! Proud to see the progress with Filipino movies"
"how similar are we ? - bangtwice - cat person - namjoon - jihyo - filipino - cancer - day6/th "
"binatang filipino yeah "
"gawd damn. my client that just left has a filipino wife that's half his age, and she's a freaking firecracker."
" : A Filipino action film you definitely shouldn't miss! the badass and hardcore #MARIAmovie! Now showing in cinemas na"
"Do y'all watch The OA on Netflix? Trying to figure out if Alfonso is Asian becquse his Mom talks like a Filipino woman. Lmao"
"McGregor isn a Filipino homeless person, so I doubt Mark Walhberg accepts his challenge "
"as a filipino, we don claim him and his friends. yikes."
"punyemas pati up filipino time"
"How similiar are we? pts -  stan  pts - multilingual  pts - taehyung stan pts -  liner pts - f "
"What's with people casually posting gore on Facebook? Followed a bunch of my Filipino relatives from a recent visit. "
"Tbh sometimes I'm the Filipino sun, sometimes I'm Voldemort"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
" may bagong portfolio entries both subjects: - tula patungkol sa buhay mo sa shs - Pictur "
" geez typical Filipino moms hahaha"
"Toxic Filipino Family culture: kangwalang kwenta kapag hindi mo nagawa yung gusto nila pero kapag kelang "
"miss ko na filipino food "
"a filipino party is a marathon, not a sprint. "
"I watched Ulan last week at hanggang ngayon I'm at awe and confused. Ang unfair kasi bat parang kasalan ang magmaha "
" : Australians who travel to Asian countries and sexually abuse girls have been warned the law will catch up with them on the"
"if this flops shooky did it: pts- ot7/yoongi biased pts- cameron philip pts- loves purple pts- aesthet "
"FILIPINO BLINKS ARE THE LOUDEST!!! Kakaproud  me part of the pink ocean in Manila  morning!  "
"Australians who travel to Asian countries and sexually abuse girls have been warned the law will catch up with them "
"Filipino po ba kayooo???? kung oo, anganda ng stories nyo nakakaiyak. mahal ko po kayOOOOOO i love you i love you "
"Congrats to the new DOST iskos and iskas!!!! Serve the Filipino people "
" : To all incoming grade 11 students: suggest magready na kayo ng research titles, english at filipino, tapos connected sa s"
"Irog | A Filipino Short Film 2018 ://t.co/EG2OBmOVwg"
" : Sims 4 Let's Build Series: Filipino Architecture Edition #1 Bahay na Bato(n) is a type of building originatin"
"My grandma is at a her Filipino friends bday party and they are doing speeches in Tagalog and she laughing with eve "
"always praying na naa unta ko sa mga spotted filipino blinks sa ilang new BLACKPINK DIARIES EP.4 "
"Filipino Blinks are so Loud. haha ://t.co/BQ0ynjisGD"
" : Filipino fishermen urged to avoid Panatag shoal  the meantime | "
" LISA IS A FILIPINO IDC"
" La verdad lo que le falta a Colombia es un presidente como el Filipino para acabar con todos los enca "
"at my aunt 60th bday party. it so filipino that in the first 30 min of being here i already heard the electr "
"I'm so originAL, don't let this flop fellow txtiddies - darkbrown eyes - ningning stan - 03 line "
"tapos ko na bp diaries ep 4 nainggit lang ako sa mga filipino putek na yan "
"The future of the Filipino Music industry is in good hands. So proud of you babies Synapsix+1! Laban Kabataan!  "
"#Jackfruit a.k.a. Langka has been used in #Filipino cuisine for a longggggg time &amp; has been around in our ancestors "
"Filipino crowd is really amazing  Di naubusan ng sigaw for BP. "
"Filipino troops' arrival at the Korean War, 1950 "
" Filipino moms in less than 255 characters. Hehe"
" or brut , please  like you , sweet like me MELHOR CARINHA FILIPINO DO BAR KKKKKKK"
"YAAAAH FILIPINO BLINKS ARE SO FVCKNG LOUDDD!!! IM SO PROUD! "
"... has maintained that it did not stop his sister from leading the voice of dissent in the Philippines where even "
"Tangina oh, pinagbabawalan na tayo sa sarili nating bansa.  new tbh, Kalayaan Islands nga bawal Filipino f "
"filipino grandmas are ruthless mayun :/"
"It took me a moment to realize that this was written by a Filipino author and some characters are Filipino and ther "
"ANG INGAY NG MGA FILIPINO BLINKS HINDI KO SILA MARINIG"
"FILIPINO BLINKS ARE THE BEST. YOU CAN HEAR ANYWHERE THAT THEY ARE SHOUTING"
"  I don count him as Filipino lol"
"A FUN TIME WITH FILIPINO BLINKS "
" you're cuute, and you stan EH and Dean which is awesome, so we should interact more jsjsj btw have you ever foun "
"kahit kailan talaga ng hina ko sa Filipino subj."
"buti pa dalawang major ko, sci, lit, purcom, contempo, pe at nstp eh sure bet. eh mama ko, Filipino subj hirap ako. Paano yun?"
"sigurado na talagang bagsak ko Filipino subj. "
" : PILO HILBAY Solicitor General. Atty.  successfully defended our right over the West Philippines Sea. A true"
"I wanna go to a Filipino club "
"Filipino time nga naman ooh"
"Filipino siblings invent lamp that runs on just water and salt it can last for 8 hours straight! - Good Times "
", a Filipino-Horror movie that was recently released this week. For me, I would rate it 9/10, it not your "
" : i think im the only filipino who prefers nilaga over sinigang im so sorry #artph #illustration #foodporn ?? "
"Unwrapping Filipino Wedding Gifts | TheMcQueensVlog://t.co/pyAKmq8u0N "
"Okay best in English and Filipino ka. Ako best in kilay, padin.  "
"No fail, every time we go to wherecrystalsrock or anywhere near Aiea, we stop by Bautista Filipino Kitchen on the "
"  Math or English workbook? Or Filipino? HAHAHAHAHA jonks"
"To DepEd: add subjects aboutAssets vs. Liabilities. our school in every grade level. think somehow "
" Sueldo ng LP BPO Cubao today hahaha ang galing ng training ng LP trolls hanep hindi mga Filipino mga tuta "
"mag tuon ta kog filipino pero mana man diay mig finals BAHHAHAHAHA yawa"
"Ang galing! &lt;3 Ang sarap niya pakinggan magsalita. ^_^ "
"A must watch filipino horror film. #Eerie"
" : #Philippines One of the few C-130 of the Filipino Air Force went up in flames... "
" : Wow,incredible,#MissUniverse 2015 Pia Wurtzbach is the first ever Filipino who had a wax figure by Madamme Tussauds. http"
" : How similar are we? -cancer -'01 liner -4`11 -filipino -namjoon enthusiast -"
"Which do you like better, pancakes or waffles?  Okonomiyaki!!! I like em better than conventional American/Filipin "
"The pressure is on Defense at Thesis Video Filipino Harapan 2019 Presentation video dami"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
" everything except 1997, jungoo, and filipino  not good enough to call him jungoo"
"Cheese Sticks Recipe by #PinoyRecipeAtIbaPa://t.co/7xMnS86coV.#FilipinoRecipes #PinoyRecipes "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"ICYMI | DFA calls out to kin of repatriated Filipino suffering from amnesia://t.co/9Tz6kebJsP"
"After trying and failing 7 months ago, I am back with a newfound energy to finish Lav Diaz's mammoth epic (10 hours "
"ooF lets do this! how similar are we? pls don't let this flop :&gt; pts- 18 yrs old pts- multifandom pts- l "
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 | "
" fill your pocket, but adventures fill your soul. #washington #instapuc #instadaily #instafun #travel #asian "
"2. NERI COLMENARES. You should vote him kasi iboboto rin sya ni Rebreb ng 4 sisters in a wedding. He's also a huma "
" ...is she even filipino I'm"
"I cannot join your campaign as I am an Australian of Filipino heritage, but I will be rooting from the sidelines, a "
"lol filipino rant to..- sooo wala lang naiinis na ako sa kapatid ko bien oa. yun lang for nor. k bye d ko mapost "
"Let's look at how Jesus is described as God humble servant at any of our worship services. See you, church! "
"Vile paedo who raped five-year-old girl until she was eight set to walk free "
" : When Filipino die they just respawn at the nearest Gerry grill"
"What I hate about going to Filipino Movies is that the titas would say side comments here and there like??? Wtf can "
"Every filipino guy wanna dress up like Bruno Mars now it ain for everyone bro"
"  te, gising at labas jan sa lungga mo. Di kailangan ng paid trolls ng admin na to. Wag mag "
"Early birthday celebration with some of my favorite ppl!!!! Some Filipino food (yum!), MANGO CAKE AT THE PARK (HELL "
" :  i haven't officially picked my bias but it's either hun or jaehyun  i'm filipino but i now live in canada!"
" : Duterte called the comedian  Vice na walang kasing Ganda and said that he has made  many millions of Filipino br"
"It ain a Filipino wedding if we don have  guiding us all the way to love and lust."
"When Filipino die they just respawn at the nearest Gerry grill"
"Duterte called the comedian  Vice na walang kasing Ganda and said that he has made  many millions of Filipi "
" i like filipino food "
"I love my crazy filipino family. I haven laughed that much in a long time."
"With high honors in Math in English in Science in Filipino Completer!!!  TO GOD  "
" Oh yeah i should have put it as filipina.. Stan twt used filo to call filipino's.. Ppl from Philippines.. "
"Toxic Filipino Family Culture #4:'re the scapegoat to their problems."
" May charge na kase sa pagpapagiling, transpo, vat at pwesto ng tindahan pero sana iprioritize na sa mga "
" Are u a Filipino?? "
"Honored to speak at  San Diego Civic Leadership Forum. Proud to be CA second #FilAm legislator "
"How similar are we  - paramore - filipino - gay - can't dance - can play an instrume "
"It's not a Filipino party unless there's cha cha"
" Putang inang yan.  lips look chinese, your cheeks look filipino what the fk does that even mean. Hahahahaha"
"My Husband Lover is one of my favorite teleseryes and I glad that Fox Filipino is showing it again."
"my favorite filipino superhero is the transicon zsazsa zaturnnah and i want a retelling that goes beyond gays are "
"old (left) vs. new (right) apprentice design maybe???? these are so sketchy and unfinished/lame but there he is. Th "
"Toxic Filipino mindset"
" first your pfp  and negl every time I see you on my tl I wanna learn Filipino lol I think we stan literally same "
"Miss ko na filipino foods"
"Geccu a filipino lover and you never regret it  "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"how similar are we ?+ 10 pts - asian or filipino+ 10 pts - has bad eyesight+ 10 pts - 5 feet above+ 10 pts - a "
"Toxic Filipino Family Culture #3: good and hardwork is always disregarded because of a bad deed."
"Indeed. Sya na lang sinusubaybayan ko sa mga filipino authors. Kudos miss  ! I hope you never tired of w "
"Filipino pop songs aren jeje, they literally just English pop songs in a different language."
" some filipino fan gave him this shirt ghsksksks"
"Toxic Filipino Family Culture #2: your place."
"Maglo-load ng P50, gagastos ng sariling pera, dadayo sa Club Filipino at magbo-VOLUNTEER para sa #OtsoDiretso . "
"         "
"FILIPINO DUB OF MY HERO ACADEMIA EYE- DJDHDJDDHDH"
"P.s. SK Voter pa lang ako at hindi pa botante ng national election but I am a FILIPINO. Para sakin ang kinabukasan "
"HAHAHAHAH ako magwatch ug filipino movies/shows. HAHAHAHHAJAJDK "
"Toxic Filipino Family Culture #1: you don't have the authority, then don't talk sh*t."
" : a toxic thing abt filipino families is that they have tendencies to expect too much on their child kaya eto naman kami"
" : Fumiya said that the person told him, But I helped you before. He said that utang na loo is one thing he slightly does"
"Filipino-American Pilot Without Arms Defies All Odds by Flying with Her Feet "
"BE A WISE FILIPINO VOTER! yung hindi bumoboto sa lumalabag sa patakaran patungkol sa parating na eleksyon."
" English and Filipino (native language) but im currently learning Korean"
" : Here it is! My feelings about classic readers being assigned to students in school, with two bonus lists: books I feel sh"
"Dalagang filipino yeah "
" : Y'all don't even know how deep the crush every filipino from the age of 18 to 28 has on Angel Locsin. She's Darna. She's A"
"BAT ANG GANDA NI JOY?  syempreee filipino sya "
"Sweet fruit usually has a bitter rind.  Filipino proverb [29817]"
"filipino life is riding on a stranger's motorcycle and coming inside their home cause yo mom told you so"
" I KNOW LIKE EVEN DOWN TO SONGS I WANNA SHARE BUT NO ONE CAN UNDERSTADN EITHER THE TOTAL MUSICALITY OF FILIPINO MUSIC"
" Accurate af....definitely me when im watching filipino drama"
"Love the family themes and proud Filipino American vibes ! "
"how similar are we? __/100 pts loves bts pts chinese/filipino pts likes girls pts leo  pts shi "
"#MyWhitePrivilege but im half filipino so it cancels out  im full japanese so its cool "
"   just want to inform you guys that this type of lyric video is becoming a viral and t "
"One and only Kuys   made us happy last night at Casino Filipino Cebu. "
"This is so random? Filipino singer Jay R just followed me on ig? Lmao. he just decide to follow random accounts "
"filipino customers are THE WORST! they don say hi back, throw their things on the belt, argue with the prices of "
"I just watched Jeremy Passion perform  and as a Bay Area Filipino American boy I can say my life is nearly complete"
"How similar are we?  pts - Filipino pts - marknctzen pts - 17 yrs old pts - graduating/incoming colleg "
" your major?   your parent force you to become a nurse ?  becus I Filipino doesn "
"how similar are we?  - filipino - favorite color is yellow - stans mostly ggs - has lots of pets - "
"NARUTO!!! PIRASO!. Easy. = 100 "
"It be really cool if we could get some more diverse Asian restaurants in Davis(Hello, where the Filipino food?? "
" Are you Filipino?!?"
"ITS TRUE THO MY FILIPINO BABY COUSINS STAED SPEAKING W BRITISH ACCENTS WHEN THEY SPOKE ENGLISH KSHHDKSJDHDJDHD "
" Unahin mo muna yung sa filipino bako tweet"
"8:45 ang usapan pero di parin nagrereply. Hays. Always the Filipino time."
"When you're so low profile that at filipino family gathering thing, they ask when you're graduating when you alread "
"MAY LAHI PO AKO  FILIPINO PINOY!"
"Watching Filipino telenovelas... and I love how it doesn show how hot and humid it is in the Philippines"
"Virus: filipino sign language fuck? No photo why?  Philippine deaf co... "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"hindi ko pa pala pinapakita sa nanay ko yung exam ko sa filipino hahahahaha"
"jane pabuhat ko sa filipino bi  chix ka or chix lang jd ka HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA murag naa rajud ning jason ug honrado "
"I love Filipino food."
"tngn dami ko papalang gagawin ako ngayon ito naka upo pa scroll down scroll down nalang  sa engine s "
" mexican filipino bitchass"
"omg the filipino food truck i love is finally opening a restaurant and it near our house"
" I remember Faeldon then organizing a fleet to face the Chinese vessels at Scarborough Shoal but was p "
"Mexican/Filipino women getting REAL bold with saying Nigga"
" : LOOK: Ilang personalidad ng  at , tumanggap ng parangal sa Gawad Filipino Awards. | via  https://"
" im not filipino but im still asian! Count me in !"
" oh and we both filipino"
" : I am L S. Avillanoza, Jr.,an ordinary employee working in an insurance company here in Dubai and is a Filipino national. p"
"The Filipino people craves for heroes and fairy godmothers to give us hope for a better life. Any TV personality wi "
" I think if we translate it to filipino it says huling laban and when translated to english it says "
"what this surge of darna art is telling me is that there are sooo many amazing filipino artists out there and man, "
"I drunk at a Filipino party and idk what anyone is saying"
" :  You the best looking bald headed Filipino I know! So proud of you!   "
"The first is the attitude of Filipino na mas malansa at mapanghi pa sa ihi ng aso; such as ayaw ng rape pero excite "
" : Toxic Filipino behaviour 101 "
" Filipino, what that?"
" You the best looking bald headed Filipino I know! So proud of you!   "
" : We really planning Coachella shopping on FST.*Filipino Standard Time.   "
"Gatchalian: As a , China should let Filipino fishermen in Panatag "
"I thought I was done pero to anyone who says that Judith allowed Maymay to portray her, that's true pero, there is "
"Grabe kaayo akong kalipay gahapon kuyog akong kauban sa research (filipino)"
"Proud to be a Filipino  "
" cause she didn buy it in time and her excuse is that she didn have time (which is a lie, she lite "
"Omg just found a bunch of Filipino movies on Netflix and I so happy "
"Honestly, as a Filipino, fuck Filipinos. Dumb as shit. No wonder Duterte chose chinese workers. What a joke."
"forget abt the filipino time jusq siSzter we need to be there at 8."
"5-10 mins na lang? ^_^ Ito'y upang maibsan ang mahabang pila sa mga LTO offices at bilang tugon na rin sa problema "
"22 diff Filipino dialects in case Mahal Kita is not working anymore;"
"Ya girl found a good Filipino bakery here in Virginia and ooo boy am I about to get FAT of some mamon and pan de coco "
"Toxic Filipino behaviour 101 "
" mexican &amp; filipino with a tad of spanish :)"
" : According to  chair  , there seems to be a coordinated effort by the Chinese to constrict and restrict"
" : Awareness ito na dapat pantay pantay lahat ang trato sa bawat filipino nakakalungkot lang na sobra ang discrimination"
"Parang kailan lang nagsasabayang pagbigkas pa sa FILIPINO tapos nagrap pa para sa project sa ENGLISH tapos ngayon t "
"    #filipino #butkorean?   Westminster "
"wag sana filipino time wesleyan pls."
" Because youre literally HALF (50) filipino"
"filipino parents love to tell you that they will support you in whatever you want to do in life but constantly remi "
"ito pa, wikang pambansa ay hindi tagalog. ang tawag dito. kapag ikaw ay tinanong kung ano ang "
"Dwayne is the Just Bleed guy in a small Filipino woman body "
" U have filipino in ur blood ayyyy"
"pretty sure i just realized my (white) mom lied to me about my middle name as a way distance me from my (filipino/m "
"Grey's Anatomy has been around for over 15 seasons, but they have yet to feature a single Filipino nurse. I don g "
"The stress of money will prob be the death of me tbh"
" JFNSICNSUXSNFBD THATS A FILIPINO BADWORDJSNGNDJENDCNSJDNSNXNX WAIT"
"*filipino dad walks past Brew and sees the long ass line*:  ba yan?? "
"Y share way too much of your personal life on here... keep going tho cause it makes twitter interesting"
"I really need to bring a case of Filipino rum with me, It does not give you any hangover at all it mad"
"His private plane touched down at around 3:30 a.m. and parked at a private hangar where he was met by Filipino frie "
"According to  chair  , there seems to be a coordinated effort by the Chinese to constrict an "
" : Del Rosario should discipline the public servants in Ph first esp the past administrators by holding them accountable for th"
" : Nagkwento friend ng ate ko may place daw na malapit sa alabang i think na puro chinese tapos pinagbabawalan pumasok mga"
"If really  violated the law then so be it. Media should be Filipino-owned to protect our sovereignty. BU "
" : HAPPY BIHDAY #JU_NE #iKON # # #HAPPYBIHDAY #YG "
"our lecturer just sent me an email about exhibitions featuring queer filipino artists... my brand in a nutshell :,)"
" :                   Day 89 of 365    God will never let you down."
"my mom SWORE i take an hour at the filipino supermarket trying to find everything on her list but i was in and ou "
"Our OB said  filipino and my mom said whoever the baby comes out looking like is the one that had the most fun that night "
" jusq talaga! Magenglish na lang tayo magdamag wag lang Filipino besh! Di ko kayaaa! Nakkanosebleed! "
"going to filipino parties is every adult talking about you while your sitting RIGHT there "
" : Filipino boys this, Filipino boys that shut the fuck up"
" Ang filipino.. Joke lang"
"#BestOfPH: A Philippine pride at Art Basel Hong Kong 2019, Art Informal brought in a globally competitive lineup of "
"Travel: Filipino seafaring videographer visits Japan  in the snow /    "
" : 1.9://t.co/NbQ2lpBt7z"
"Cooking munggo, one of my fav filipino dish "
"  Filipino Massage services reliable and responsibility escort in Duba are from FILIPINO, We onl "
" :   sino ba presidente na nagframe ng 1987 Constitution?At bakit b c PRRD ang pinagdiskitahan nin"
"DOST!!  Thank you, G!  This is for you, mommy and the Filipino people. Di na ako magbubulakbol PROMISE HUHUHUHU "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
" I can understand your point of view....I'm one of those rare Vegan/Vegetarian Filipinos... It's hard to g "
" : EXACTLY!!! even the people i was sitting next to in the cinema thought bucky was  boyfriend (in filipino, diba yan y"
" : Let us vote people who really have platforms for our country and the Filipino people.#MarchForPH "
"Filipino acts Shadow Ace  and Junior Good Vibes will perform in the  Got Talent grand finals at the Marina "
""
"Ang perfect ng wardrobe nilang tatlo, filipino designers are really supreme... ang gagaling ...#TheAcesAtAraneta"
"When a Filipino joins singing contest outside the country you think she deserves the title kahit pa british got tal "
"I need to find myself a Filipino gyal"
"My Sunday Breakfast  Fried Rice  Scrambled Egg with Chili Paste  Mushroom Soup  All-Time-Filipino Favor "
" I only get made of for having a southern-twang to my voice. I never get told that I  speak p "
"  Filipino  Massage services are are from FILIPINO, We only provided quality &amp; friendly escort "
" : Sarah Geronimo (Filipino singer) : Santa Cruz, Manila, Philippines of birth: 1988-07-25: University of"
"Mamimisss koooo? supportive teacher namen sa MAPEH,FILIPINO,ENGLISH,MATH,SCIENCE AHUUUUU yung isa jan hmmmm PINTURAAAA BOSET"
"On the origin of the UFW: The FWA merged in 1966 with the largely Filipino Agricultural Workers Organizing Committe "
"Panelo: May magagawa ba tayo? Palace says of reported harassment of Filipino fishers in Scarborough Shoal.: May "
" : TOXIC FILIPINO MINDSET:  KAPAG NAGCHUCHURCH KA DI KA NA MAKAKAGAWA NG KASALANAN. DAPAT PERFECT KA."
"Filipino-American beauty queen Maureen Montagne nearly won a back-to-back crown for the Philippines at the Miss Eco "
"i have so many other things to do but pts - aquarius pts - filipino pts - likes naruto pts - kwon eunb "
" : I just watched Ulan. Gago, I'm confused.. it's hard to explain basta I cried and my heart is overwhelmed because I am Maya-- we"
"kidding what's ur fav food  i loveee ramen and filipino food like mostly lumpia &amp; adobo "
" :  Hi Coach  react to a Filipino girl group 4th Power/4th Impact Raise the roof with Jessie J hit Aud"
"Folk - Filipino - National Anthem of Philippines - Lupang Hinirang (Tagalog): #NP on CPRM #HomeofOPM #CPRM6yearsna -"
"the flight attendant yesterday gave me a japanese meal instead of a filipino meal, chopsticks, and spoke to me in j "
"the only Filipino superheroes I've been exposed to is Super Inggo and it was wild"
"Mga Binatang FILIPINO#ONOURWAY na! #TEAMLOVE"
"Who's who in CNN Philippines' Senatorial Forum? #TheFilipinoVotes "
"Filipino Escort &amp; Massage services are most reliable and responsibility  are from FILIPINO, ladies to our valu "
"imma do the points thing lmao  pts - bts ult pts - yoongi biased pts - filipino pts - bubble tea p "
" :   Frat Boy  Daniel Marsh Finally Makes His First #FighterBoys 2.0  Philippines Vlogging  Video. Frat Boys S"
"hgkdh being in an east - coast wide filipino intercollegiate association brings me both reward and grief, bc on one "
"  Filipino ka pala eh. "
" : Join #getlociPHcommunity the conversations with us"
"english, filipino, cebuano and basic korean "
"Badtrip na naman nanay ko imbis na original binigay ni kuya sa palengke filipino style hHAAHAHHA"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
" Cause when you speak english your body is like SHOW YOW PINOY MOTHAPAKA!! and when you speak Filip "
"Filipino Massage services are most reliable and responsibility in Dubai FILIPINO, We only provided quality &amp; frien "
"Hi I just folowed you after reading ur fic Monotone and I didnt know u were Filipino too!! &lt;3 Where do u live in  "
"Every anak will just loose their self-esteem. This Filipino culture needs to stop. "
" : #fbf #flashbackfriday to Episode 10.5 - TV Party for a little sample sample of typical #tfalpodcast banter. Find the episo"
"Nagkwento friend ng ate ko may place daw na malapit sa alabang i think na puro chinese tapos pinagbabawalan pumasok "
" : Thank you to  for inviting me to speak at today San Diego Civic Leadership Forum. NaFFAA is the largest n"
"Dear  , the Banaue Rice Terraces were built by Filipino indigenous people, not by the Chinese. (Screen "
" City: Filipino video game aims to connect players with local mythology "
"  Some of y'all weren't raised properly by your parents. When people visit our house, my "
"my filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 | "
"Woodrow Wilson Media Day  28 students from Woodrow Wilson were rewarded for their hard work at school by going on "
" I ain Filipino anymore"
"Un ni filipino se acerc a preguntarme si llevaba una vida de jefe  contest que no, a puras penas y tengo p "
" : "
"Just watched #MSTTheSpecialFinale. So happy about the ending. Definitely not a typical one for a Filipino teleseyre "
"Lethologica, in Filipino,  dulo na ng dila ko teka huwag ka muna maingay "
"pota 5 am na travel sched napunta 7 yawa wats is filipino time"
"If this flops, Yugyeom tweeted this  - multifandom - travels a lot - black hair - Filipin "
"The reality is that [Maria Ressa] is a well-off American citizen, who acquired Filipino citizenship in 2004 to mak "
"Bakit nga ba?  Pinamamadali na sa IATF ang paggawa ng listahan ng mga foreign workers sa POGO upang masimulan na "
"Nakakainis na filipino time!"
" : Filipino American not Filipino-American. on : The hyphen dates to the 19th century as a way to distinguish i"
"Vile Australian paedophile, 61, who was jailed for raping a five-year-old Filipino girl until she was eight could w "
"My suegra already found a new Filipino clan in Midland and she literally been there for 2 weeks "
" : Filipino guys Filipino girls                                      Kilig"
" me when one of my filipino friends said  i filipino and you never see me late to our other fili "
" presents ShoBox: The New Generation. Come witness the Super Bantamweight headlining showdown betwe "
"Filipino gyals are so damn fit"
" : D ko pa rin magets ang sinasab nio na racism mga aeta ay kapwa pinoy ang mga gumanap ay mga kapwa Filipino"
""
"  As one of the ~5% of the USA who grew up in a truly rural area, the only POC were "
"  Does my Filipino barbers vote count? "
" Credit to him tonight but I think it's more Kudratillo's lack of big power. He's not a guy I considered s "
"the most traumatizing thing is when you at a filipino party and your parents force you to sing in front of everyone"
" yeah i know hhh i'm a filipino"
" HOW MANY BIGTIME DRUG SMUGGLERS KILLED???? ZERO PURO MGA MAHIHIRAP NA FILIPINO LANG PINATAY NYO. HI "
"i forgot there a filipino mart by my parents house,,, that has halo halo  "
"Maya Ophelia puts a vegan twist on Filipino, Mexican, and Puerto Rican food favorites - "
"Take Courage: A Statement of Support from the Filipino American Young People of the California-Nevada Annual Confer "
"Join #getlociPHcommunity the conversations w "
" Vegas has Sprouts tho, it feels like a cross between Trader Joe's and Whole Foods. Also a ton of ethni "
" : BRUHHHH MY MOM JUST TOLD ME THE  SLIDE IS ABOUT A VIBRATOR ... i can unhear that .... not going to anymore Filipin"
"Filipino actress, model, dancer &amp; BEAUTY QUEEN who was crowned the first Reina Hispanoamericana Filipinas title in "
" : Filipino parent food safety logic: it stay fresh overnight so long you throw a napkin over it in room temperature"
"  maganda (filipino) "
" That it Filipino American"
" :   Hi Martina! I'm an L.A.-based Filipino illustrator and I'd love to work with you! The only thin"
"And we are officially OPEN! . 3 weeks of hard work in rehearsals, Noli Me Tangere is finally being told her "
"Filipino movies are so dry"
"Im Not Half Mexican Im Half Filipino 100% "
" : You can't argue with people determined to remain ignorant. They will drag you down to their level and then beat you with"
"had an old filipino women touch my ass excessively today while trying to give me a hug and i just over today"
" : and MY filipino mom when she was pregnant|               ||               ||                |                  |"
"We have remind Filipino voters everyday of the disaster that was Mar Roxas. We cannot afford to have this kind of p "
"since everyone is doing it  similar are we ??- bts stan- multi- filipino - food enthus "
"Im Not Even Mexican im Filipino American Im Proud to be A Pinoy American "
" I can confirm Elaine that the US is still depending on foreign nurses to  fill their shortages.I have man "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"how similar are we  - multi  - bi/pan - PUBG - jinnie  - filipino and/or aussie "
" you need deeper research, i wanted to eat my blood tested to see how much native american and colonizer "
"*seeing other Filipinos in public*: : : : hey are you Filipino"
"I HAVE A STUPID FILIPINO PUN STUCK IN MY HEAD N O"
"filipino haikyuu! fans are wholesome- uwu "
"Find out what everyone is talking about!  Horror Film Eerie is now showing across Asia!!! #Eerie "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"how similar are we (**)  lives in australia  filipino  cant speak tagalog  loves math  "
" Because I need to embrace my (little) inner Filipino blood in my blood, pinsan"
"Eerie was sooo fuckin nice ! And scary!! Filipino films are definitely leveling up from how they used to! "
"Ive been mistaken for: "
" : What happened to sovereignty and democracy that China can openly monitor (i.e. stalk) a Filipino citizen in his own coun"
"The airline workers gave me and joe preferred seating on the plane for free because she could tell he was Filipino over the phone "
"anne young chin goose!!!+10 filipino+10 short for no reason+10 so unloyal how sad to my boys and girls+10 wann "
"Boom! I. Love. This. What can YOU create or invent? And don tell me  you CAN do it. Whether you believe you ca "
"jessica sanchez and morissette amon OH MY GODDD filipino girls have my whole heart "
"4am alarm set, can wait to be blessed by 30 degrees of sun and unlimited supply of filipino food "
"       Filipino. El d que salgamos F y yo. Lo reventamos."
"Pinaka toxic na filipino culture?  Mo supporta sila ug successful naka "
" I am also filipino btw"
" i have friends who are like this and blame it  time and i have to emphasize not to be late EV "
"i think filipino the only one  "
"I hope the MMK of Judith could lessen if not totally stop racial discrimination to our own filipino race..after all "
" : COME TO FILIPINO CULTURE NIGHT TONIGHT!! Me and  will be performing and it gonna be lit  Doors  6:30 $7 Monroe"
"I JUST ORDERED HELLA FILIPINO FOOD !!!"
"Did you see this? you are a professional Filipino-Canadian Immigrant who has been in Toronto for less than 5 ye "
"  I'm Filipino and thought it was hilarious hahaha"
"When Kanye recorded Monster he was wearing a Makapili Hat bamboo basket worn over the entire head with just hol "
"ok i been  my cousin and her manz engagement party for 20 mins and i was already so happy w all the filipino/mexic "
" : age where deception is just everywhere and truth is like a luxury! lol  If history classes, where the culture of Filipi"
"'Child sex tourism': Perth man jailed for 11 years for molesting Filipino girl overseas "
" : To all the Filipino Carpenters who bought the upgrade package: show in manila for Singular Tour is canceled, and th"
"#latepost from Saturday, March 23, 2019 when I got to watch one of my fave Filipino singers ~ Martin Nievera "
"Every Filipino mom "
" Filipino and English!"
"Thank you to  for inviting me to speak at today San Diego Civic Leadership Forum. NaFFAA is the l "
" : Chinese workers vs Filipino workers. Talo ang Pinoy sa sariling bansa "
"May mga soc med  influencers pala na Filipino sa Lazada event mismo noh? Pero mas si Dua ang pino-post nila."
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"  listen for the sound of the electric slide and go crash some filipino parties"
"Tonight is Sami's Philippine American League show and home cooked Filipino food!  Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute "
"Tonight is Sami's Philippine American League show and home cooked Filipino food!  Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute "
"Gotta love Filipino parents  "
" : I #Filipino, so I hope I tall enough! Seeing  at  today with japinay #blogger #lifestylebl"
"Teaser sng comeback ko sa April 33, 2019 :00pm filipino time "
"parang ung Filipino monthly test lang to ah "
" : as much i love lou, andre and fumiya my support will still go to yamyam coz it's reminds us all a true filipino trait - s"
"look at this puppy being confused while holding some filipino snacks  "
" omg omg i got you!!!!! filipino food is so bomb "
"Today menu from our #filipino #cookingclass raindropfoundationsa #nomnom #foodporn #filipinofood #instafood "
" : An Entire church congregation just took their #shahadah in #Balasan (Iloilo, #Philippines) with #iERA Malaysian Outreach Spe"
"Masarap daw talaga diyan. Wish ko rin makakain diyan eh. &lt;3 Congrats! "
"Filipino gamers are fscked up sometimes. So many comments saying there is no lack of representation. Ya'll are so c "
" who travel to Asian countries and sexually abuse children have been warned the law will catch up with "
"filipino mango pineapple balls are AMAZING"
"Looking forward to spinning at Chef Melvin Filipino feast this evening! There 2 seatings tonight (and as usual) "
"And realizing majority of Filipino men think they entitled to do as they please with my body and don have any "
"I #Filipino, so I hope I tall enough! Seeing  at  today with japinay #blogger "
"Can we all take a moment to appreciate all the beautiful Vietnamese, Filipino, Korean, Japanese, basically all east "
"200% pure filipino "
" no hahaha my name is not Filipino"
" : oomfs/non oomfs how similar are we?( all are worth 10 + is out of /100 ) - 03 liner- no sleep gang - plays rugby -"
"#GWPMEDIA #gwpproductions #GWPEATZ  #Filipino #dessert #foodie  "
" But majority of filipino is giving up on you. How is that?"
" im Filipino"
"You may also spot #tfalpodcast crew at #CinemaSala at  curated by direk ! Bring something to "
"3. A Filipino tradition called pagpag dictates that people never go straight back to the house after a wake. Othe "
"If you missed our fabulous #filipino #cookingclass today - Nora explains some of the typical fruits &amp; veggies used "
"Lauren Young is a Filipino Actress and model. Younger sister of Miss World 2013 Megan Young. "
" : The Filipino community on PEI has always been very supportive of us at Courtside, so today I went to check out their tourna"
"How amazing to hold Global Filipino Radio - Kuru-Kuro sa Eskinita in Birmingham, at the St Francis Centre  owned an "
"  Kroos y Marcelo en Filipino"
"This is probably why y hate Filipino boys "
"Please vote for the HK sisters!! To help the Filipino Talent win once more.  #opmpromoter "
"Why do I watch these Filipino dramas?! Just pisses me off. Fck guys, except mine, but sometimes him too. Haha jk... fck these movies."
"  Hindi means no in Filipino lol"
" Sii! Y nuestro Freddy Beras ten el mismo  que el filipino, lo hac igualito"
"The Filipino community on PEI has always been very supportive of us at Courtside, so today I went to check out thei "
"age where deception is just everywhere and truth is like a luxury! lol  If history classes, where the culture "
" ACEPTA LA VERDAD Y CASATE CON EL RIPPED FILIPINO (y yo me monto algo con nathaniel y greg)"
"filipino dudes be having names like xerox"
" :  She actually full Filipino with a bit of Chinese blood she a soloist"
"  It is sad and frustrating. 20-30 yrs ago when i was still in the Ph, i'd hear crook "
" : We highlight the methods in culturally adapting a #ementalhealth program: Cultural Adaptation of a Scalable World Health"
"  He missed the Filipino spoof of Shazam/Captain Marvel which is Captain Barbell. But it's still great though!"
" : But little did Filipino ARMYS know is that Kriesha Chu, a Filipino k-pop idol, is interviewing the actors "
" BOBA !!! bts, ateez, &amp; skz disney af addict"
"Jej Vinson. Shiiit he slays...!!!!! a pure blooded Filipino is winning a US singing show. me really i "
" filipino, maroon, no sleep"
" Happy birthday to Janella Salvador Filipino beauty and actress. I hope you have a wonderful day and m "
" Tagalog (filipino), Cantonese, English, a little Mandarin and i'm learning Spanish atm "
" : I don think I have ever felt the uselessness of being a Filipino poet more acutely as I did when the aunties in Hong K"
"I'm glad to see more of our Filipino movies on Netflix "
"(stolen from moot)  similar are we ? __/100pts ~ 10pts: BOBA~ 10pts: filipino !!!~ 10pts:  a VIRGO~ 10 "
"hi fam! i'm selling copies of the little filipino food coloring book for $7! venmo me w your addy at malaka-gharib "
"I know i don say it enough, but i am proud as fuck to be Filipino"
" :  US-led behemoth has brought nothing but suffering and genocide of the Filipino people"
"  Hello Martina! I'm a Filipino illustrator and would love to be considered! "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"He knows why those vessels are there. But he loves China more than the Philippines. He is answerable to China, but "
" it all poc, rachel ann go is Filipino"
" He knows why those vessels are there. But he loves China more than the Philippines. He is answerable to C "
"so uh how alike are we - ggs  - filipino - hates math - brown eyes/hair - indecisiv "
"come eat some Filipino food &amp; watch the fights at my house "
" literal pieces of shit stains they are to the Filipino community"
"lets do this too, to see how similar we are - Born in 2001 - Loves dancing &amp; singing - Filipino "
""
"Do you know what we are famous for? KAMAYAN!!! Dine with family and friends on banana leaves! It's fantastic for bi "
"being half filipino is so fun bc you can either hear workers talk shit about costumers or them complimenting you wi "
"Been seeing a few people do this similar are we __/100 pts mixed race: white/Filipino/mexican  pts "
" : a queen who doesn't know she is one.#Queen #SarahGeronimo #SarahG #Sarah #PopstarPrincess #PopstarRoyalty #AsiasQueenOf"
"I love it when spanish people say pizza in their language, it translates to boils/abscess in Filipino "
" filipino tym"
"  sounds great ! unfortunately i haven really tried any filipino cuisine so i need some recomme "
" Filipino *^"
"  Hahhaha. You could ask Robert, I not very good when it comes to precision of time. Filipino time. "
" Who makes fun of Asian food? (And I mean it in the full context of Asian :Japanese, Chinese, Korean, Vi "
" : Feeding a hungry #crowd? Try Francis Puyat's impressive #Filipino boodle fight tonight, recipe at "
"So LP and all their supporters will do every inch even the desperate one just to have a position in the government "
"Filipino woman killed, another injured after being hit by car "
"Conoce m detalles sobre el #GIFF2019 #Filipinas pa invitado aqu "
"I love how  inserts random Filipino words like opisina, kandela, tinola, etc and makes it sound as sexy as Spanish. "
"I'm at a birthday party of one of my mum's friends and they keep playing a filipino version of Despacito on repeat. "
"found a fic about ben x filipino reader excuse me while i die "
"Thank you so much  for the fanart!#actor #film #television #career#acting #katara #liveaction "
"This Filipino movies on Netflix got me all fucked up "
"idk why filipino moms keep telling you what you SHOULD have said after you tell them a story that already happened. "
"i was yelling the filipino national anthem in a weird voice and when i stopped my dad went .."
"Calipino Burrito from Achara Filipino ()  #eatlosangeles #losangelesfood #lafoodie #losangelesfoodie "
"Related: For someone who's half Filipino, my legs get kinda disturbingly pale over the course of the winter months. Don't look at meee "
"Thank you ! #actor #film #television #career#acting #katara #liveaction #auditions #cosplay #naturalhair "
"While I would love to travel all the way to California to get my tribal tattoo from Spiritual Journey Tattoo, whose "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"COME TO FILIPINO CULTURE NIGHT TONIGHT!! Me and  will be performing and it gonna be lit  Doors  6:30 "
"Thank you so much .sketchahs_ for the fanart! I really appreciate it  #actor #film #television #career "
" : Yes! Stay tuned for my post about Larry! He was a great leader, along w/ the other Filipino farmworker leaders who ini"
"  Yeah they all just got their Filipino card revoked. Embarrassment  "
"MY PEOPLE! I don't know a single person in these pics, but when you encounter a gang of pinays on a girl's weekend. "
" : Kathryn Bernardo, Daniel Padilla film now highest-grossing Filipino movie   - "
"oomfs/non oomfs how similar are we?( all are worth 10 + is out of /100 ) - 03 liner- no sleep gang - plays rug "
" :  She ain wan show y this one tho "
" : The oppression of Rappler &amp; Maria Ressa by Prez Duterte reminds me of a Filipino saying  sundalong Pilipino, kapag lal"
"I love old Filipino movies "
"This is it! ^_^ The second addition to HKDL Marvel-themed attraction, where the first one was the Iron Man Experi "
" Korean (I'm already a bit fluent), Tagalog (filipino) and english then currently learning japanese"
" its a filipino band hfjdjdkdj"
" qnd to na balada viro pro lado e tem um filipino gostoso fumand eu fico assim,  s filipin "
"Ngayon ko lang napanood ang MMK ni  nakakaiyak  Very inspiring story ni Judith. Sana starting from "
"   Even  does not represent the  side of us being a Filipino not even an inch hahaha"
" They did something similar when I pointed out the mail bomber was a Filipino but they said he was white be "
"Ang DAMING MAGAGANDANG FILIPINO MOVIES ngayon sa NETFLIX"
"asians: I thought you are Chinese.: may dugong Chinese ka ba?: half instik, half wakang. "
"Been very busy. I apologize if I haven been getting around to the messages these days! #cosplayer #cosplay #actor "
" I have no idea who else matches my mom description of  smalll white Filipino friend "
" : Being Filipino&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; "
"   Ganbare!!!  Sankai will always be my Big Winner in PBB. Besides his "
"Indian -Libyan-Algerian-Chinese "
" 55 &gt; BIGHIT, troye sivan, boba, Filipino, seokjin enthusiast, BOTH ROSEBOWL DAYS!"
"earlier there was a filipino bus driver tryna run me over like wtf I tryna cross stupid fuck"
" lol .. her dad is black &amp; her mom is Filipino/Chinese."
" Some speak spanish or Chabacano but in Mindanao area or specifically Zamboanga City. But most of us speak  Tagalog or Filipino"
"and youre not gonna guess that im filipino unless you knew my last name so pls do not waste my time"
"  Is he a Filipino Opus Dei priest?"
"  Well, he's not smart as they say he is. for Beto, he supported his repub friend over a F "
"To all the Filipino stays who are going to skz #UNVEILTOURinMANILA..... ANG SWEE NINYOOOO. I'm sad now :-:"
"N deixa as crian da fam com 10 anos ver desenho filipino"
" what did i do to have the male version of me be a filipino hypebeast "
"lmao someone thought I was Korean and I wasn't even abroad????? A fellow Filipino thought that???? was thought "
" can you make this an emote its a filipino traditional dance please "
"from where he/she comes from will be more than a stinking fish, well I can take that but I can't be traitor to my G "
" :  If Taylor is foreign, how about the thousands of East Asians and Indians that are in Warsaw right now, with many more"
"Filipino food is so goddamn good but why is it so artery clogging "
"Being Filipino&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; "
" :  I think Filipino Tilt-A-Whirl operators are this nation's backbone"
"Most Filipino films. "
"Working with a studio rehearsal session #rehearsal #studio #cosplayer #cosplay #actor #film #television #career "
"Like ok I get it you and your 35 yo Filipino boyfriend are in love and I DON'T CARE WHAT DO YOU WANT ME TO TELL YOUU"
" is for any of my mutuals in LA [not BTS related] out 2019 FILIPINO MENTAL HEALTH WELL-BEING SUMMIT: "
" Most Filipino films."
" : Get ready for Mario &amp; Sonic at the Olympic Games Tokyo 2020, exclusively on Nintendo Switch this winter and Olympic Games Toky"
" Bruh I can find Filipino food anywhere "
"Tinutulan ng grupong Migrante ang posibilidad na gawing isa sa mga requirement sa pag-alis ng overseas Filipino wor "
"Whatever, I don't want to be called myself a Filipino because really I can't take that I came from evil origin! lol "
" : March 30, 1965: A Viet Cong car bomb containing 300 pounds of plastic explosives detonates in front of the U.S. Embassy"
" Edi wow. Ikaw na magaling. Ikaw ang embodiment ng Filipino trying hard. Congrats Kobe."
" :   Nah for real  im class of 19 &amp; i wholeheartedly agree w this"
" : I need my Filipino mutuals rn thanks pls"
"Solid na solid kasi ang friendship nila. &lt;3 "
" : No excuses  (via Woody_belfort/IG) "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"#nilagangbaka  There a Filipino saying that goes,  may tiyaga, may nilaga. Well, ngayon, may nilaga ako. "
"LMFAO watching this SFV stream i can hear her SCREAMING lmfao I still remember she got mad at sherry and filipino man for celebrating lol"
" Being engaged to a Filipino this is 10x funnier"
"filipino chick flicks are so cheesy like bitch i cringe but i cant stop watching bc kilig ugh"
" Lol he Filipino"
" Lucky it was a Thai restaurant and not a Filipino one. "
"Gatchalian: As a , China should let Filipino fishermen in "
"nothing reminds me that I look more on my spanish / mexican side than my filipino side than when those foreign sale "
"Kailanagan ko ng espirito ni Glock 9 para sa reaction paper sa Filipino..."
"JK Rowling reveals that you haven been really cool yet lol haha was a great night out of the day and you were gon "
"how similar are we   - filipino - bi  - infp  - 5 - minsung nation  - dancer - the fun "
" : .'s Beaver Stadium wins the 2019 Ultimate Stadium Bracket ://t.co/ytZ7WwQFCY"
"PIA WUZBACH makes History by being First Filipino to have WAX FIGURE a... "
" : And the 2019 Ultimate Stadium Bracket Champion is...(pretends to be shocked) "
"FILIPINO FOOD in KSA #foodporn #foodie #pinoyfood #delish #nomnom  Riyadh, Saudi Arabia "
"Whoever idea it was to put pieces of liver in Filipino Mami Soup is a fucking villain."
" :  director  having fun at the #glaadawards  #Repost  a #pinoy take over w/ "
"someone come cuddle and binge watch filipino movies with me"
"PIA WUZBACH makes History by being First Filipino to have WAX FIGURE a... "
"Minsan mapapaisip ka na lang.. gaano kalaki ung pinaglalaban ni Fumiya kahit gaano Niya kadeserve ung title A "
"I like Filipino movies but I always get the feeling they dubbed over cause the audio just throws me off"
"So there are more than 20 Filipino movies on Netflix with subtitle! "
" filipino king"
"Wrestlers: I'm an overachieved wrestler winning multiple championship. as a Filipino: Edi wow...: "
"Stole from the TL. Leave me smth to wake up to uwu goodnight fr pts - Filipino pts - Art (sometimes) pts "
"Naka-relate ako dito. :(  Ikaw rin ba? "
"filipino mutuals...you know this classic "
"Vile paedo who raped five-year-old girl until she was eight set to walk free "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
" Lmaooo ion know all that.. I just saw what she claimed cus that all the really matters  and she claims Filipino"
" : based on my calculations:  |  you look                     cute as fuckkkkkkk 7  8  9  / "
"Vanessa Anne Hudgens is Filipino?!? I didn know that"
" : reasons i like tweets: ) you hot) i agree) i think that you a complete idiot ) i know you hate me and i want you"
" She Filipino the last time I checked so that would make her Asian if I not mistaken"
"stealing from the entire tl xP ___/100 - tiny  - college freshman  - filipino - chinese - scorpio "
" Anyone wanna get me an Iphone? Really tired of this phone"
"   Appreciate the nice words my friend, were just a hard working family that enjoys "
" : When your homeboy start playing his mixtape and it trash but it his car and you need a ride  "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"'Child sex tourism': Perth man jailed for 11 years for molesting Filipino girl overseas "
"So young may creative powers na. &lt;3 And nasa $500 - $23,000 ang artworks niya? Wohhhh! "
" Oh my I never come upon a president so hated and despised! I think meron hope for the filipino p "
" : due to personal reasons i will still be fat this summer"
" 1. I never had boba tea- . Namjoon is my bias wrecker not ult. . I not Filipino. "
"66. Are wafers cookies?"
"        : #DailyJang://t.co/YP0ZthkDIQ"
"I hope others processing for US Citizenship become Not part of  problem Filipino women riding backs of service men "
" : My parents raised such a boring child, everyone out partying, getting into trouble, doing drugs, having sex or at least"
" Filipino probs"
"other one was too specific sksksk  pts-taehyung &amp;or yeonjun biased pts - live in europe pts - still in hi "
"im finally muting this because y'all c*vans stans are disgusting !   to all my filipino followers ,  or any filipin "
" : match (and i can fucking stress this enough) his ENERGY "
" The courts belong to Duterte govt. He made sure of that! Who, if capable to think, would believe in the "
" i feel so dumb when im w my filipino fam members , not just intellectuals , but theyre also so inspirat "
"I bringing Filipino food "
"  Hi Martina! I'm an L.A.-based Filipino illustrator and I'd love to work with you! The onl "
"  Not only pretty but educated as well! Hope she pursues higher education too! It will be to "
" HALF WHOLE N FILIPINO AHAHAHAHAHA"
"I not kidding when I say this: - Indian- Portuguese- Belgian- Spanish - French - Pakistani- Filipino- Me "
"Hoy filipino food trip tayo please."
" : Duterte sa Filipino:  ina nyo mamatay kayo! kayo? Putang ina magtiis kayo sa hirap.(kasi mayaman na sy"
" : Talking business &amp; politics live on  and #YourBudget19 updates for the growing #Filipino community in Vaughan-"
"#Losmillenialsnosaben que Balaguer presidente trajo a un sanador filipino que operaba con las manos y curaba todo, "
"The #Ilocano Vigan Longanisas- Cured #Pork Sausages for a #Filipino brunch. These garlicky, savory longanisa sausag "
" Kamayan feast for 4 people today during our RICE + SHINE Brunch.   Without a doubt, you enjoy th "
"Toxic Filipino Culture. you get sick, it will always be your fault."
" : I Am A Filipino by Nicole Ponseca and Miguel Trinidad is nominated for the 2019 James Beard Foundation Book Awards:/"
" : A celebration and a call to action marked the annual  Awards in Los Angeles. #GLAADMediaAwards #GLAADawards http"
"everyone thinks i filipino fjdjfncnf "
"when someone starts speaking to me in Spanish but I tell them I Filipino to avoid any conflict of why I dont spea "
" yeah but not a filipino one i can tell u that"
"keep seeing this so why notttt,, similar are we? - yeonjun biased pts - taehyung biased pts - vm "
"Need my gears Filipino Xbox team back on ..I mean the TITAN elite squad back on Destiny 2 PC"
"filipino time talaga"
"Increasing population of horny 12 year old kids *sniff sniff* where my filipino dudes at? "
"Filipino, queer, excellent. Can you handle it? "
"Aight moots don fail me : 1997: jungoo/googie: dancer: WEST SIDE TIL I DIE: pink n "
"   And to add onto that, the Filipino culture is also amazing. One of the "
"If the Duterte administration admit the surrender of Philippine Sovereignity to China. war as the result "
"   Hes fhalf filipino"
" Tu si que andas fino filipino"
"hiiii so how similar are we? - exol- bilingual- filipino- libra  - doesn drink co "
"My grandfather had me eating jackfruit since I was 5 years old and I not even Indian, I Filipino. Almost all of "
" : Don miss the API Mega Mixer 2019 &amp; FilAmChamber of Commerce Membership Drive! by the Asian Business Associat"
"im going to a filipino restaurant to pick up some bbq and lumpiang shanghai we eating good tonight streaks "
"  Are you implying a person of color cannot get credit? That super racist. I know l "
"filipino songs = jejemon mean, i don't know "
" Broke Filipino cus of boba and bh  multis unit  and namjoon &amp; seokjin hehe"
" like basmati rice grains, fluffy and free. Don be a suman.  &lt;3  Kaya pala hindi sila lagi magkasama. ^_^ "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"McDonald's Filipino Commercial "
" I think Filipino Tilt-A-Whirl operators are this nation's backbone"
" Filipino :)"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"2/2 After having Guimaras mango, I won't eat any other mango, he said during dinner he tendered for the Philippin "
"planning a trip with ken and diane...guess where we are going???? "
" I Filipino so I wouldn mind that"
"how similar are we?  - left handed - yoongi and beomgyu biased - filipino - pisces "
"stolen but how similar are we? ___/100 pts filipino pts 5'2 pts gemini pts pitbulls &lt;3 &amp; otters "
"   been diving into Filipino cuisine/culture lately. Interviewed a local chef with Filipi "
"  Filipino noses are amazing are you insane "
" losing weight don eat any more  that as close of a compliment I get from any Filipino mom reg "
"   My mom side is Filipino and we always get open casket funeral pics of the "
"Filipino* lol "
"There are more filipino movies on netflix than tfc..... $13 per month and they have 10 free movies pineperahan walang pera ampota"
"I love Pia! WUZBACH makes History by being First Filipino to have WAX FIGURE a... "
" : In Wapato, Wa...celebrating 67 years for the Filipino Community "
" Mine finna be blasian, already got me a Filipino queen"
" I thought I was the only one who wanted to know lmao and I half Filipino"
"In Wapato, Wa...celebrating 67 years for the Filipino Community "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
" : Before everyone started Vlogging, it was the concept for the debut special of our Teen Queen,  5 years ago. "
"Her hand dives into the pile and instantly emerges with her treasure plastic bag, that great leveller of social "
"how similar are we?- smaller than jinhwan- filipino- capricorn- needs to wear glasses- loves jaewon "
"TOURIST SURVIVAL GUIDE: FILIPINO BODY LANGUAGE "
"PIA WUZBACH makes History by being First Filipino to have WAX FIGURE a... "
"how similar are we /100 +10 virgo+10 asian or filipino+10 5'4 +10 anime+10 manga or webtoons+10 hufflepuff "
"how similar are we? ___/100   pts filipino/ asian pts pisces pts painting and drawing pts clumsy "
" I was on holiday in the Philippines.  When leaving a shopping mall, I was allowed to walk right ou "
"   well it doenst matter!!!! Important is real supporter of Duterte a massive  supports "
"Un filipino descubre que la piedra que ten en casa es la perla m grande del mundo "
"I don think I have ever felt the uselessness of being a Filipino poet more acutely as I did when the aunties in H "
"  Hero is my Filipino sex god! "
" : Starting the day at a farm documenting a lunch hosted by Musang for Taste Washington, highlighting Seattle farm-to-table"
"How similar are we???   pts- Sagittarius pts- OT7 pts- Got7 pts- BTS pts- Astro pts- Blackpink "
"Ito ay matapos ang mga naunang ulat ng diumano harassment ng Chinese Coast Guards laban sa mga Pilipinong manging "
"Tinolang Manok ni San Pedro Chicken soup Filipino style. #goodsaturday #bonappetit #chickensoup #panlasangpinoy "
"is it just me or the filipino in me that thought that 'baguette' here can be a pun to replace bakit? ...good N "
"Filipino champions Eduard Folayang and Kevin Belingon seek to retain their respective titles as they face off with "
"i only ever eat filipino spaghetti and now ive forgotten what normal spaghetti tastes like"
" :  It has been a problem for many years. Right after Desert Storm I had a Filipino Chief that was retiring from t"
" 40, does half filipino count tho "
"And that folks, is what a family oriented Filipino means here."
"so many filipino movies on netflix"
" I thought you were filipino"
" :  filipino talents.. kaya sana naman iguest niyo po ulit si Sharlene San Pedro para naman mapromote yung new sin"
"how similar are we?? - filipino- fanboy- army // txt stan- 24/7 hungry- loves to sl "
"tas sasabihin mo dont talk to me coz ur filipino HAHAHAHAHAHA"
"this'll be fun've gotten: sort of Spanish  (the tan kind) "
"Filipino-American Maureen Montagne snagged the title of first runner up in this year's Miss Eco International, almo "
" : Mga kababayan, I'm inviting you to join the #EnlightenmentBlogTour twitter chat by  tomorrow at 9PM PH Ti"
"I swear Filipino parents in their 40/50s are kuriput as fuck and that why I hate Filipinos"
"Filipino fishermen urged to avoid Panatag shoal  the meantime - Philippine Star "
"Filipino with a spanish blood  "
" &gt;be vietnamese without slanty eyes&gt;are you filipino? every time"
"Filipino girls are not the move this year"
" : The #EnlightenmentBlogTour Twitter chat is starting up! We'll be talking about Filipino myths and legends and Filipino re"
" He wasn even big. Just a toned brown ugly Filipino dude with bad vision and big ass glasses! LOL"
" i haven't officially picked my bias but it's either hun or jaehyun  i'm filipino but i now live in canada!"
"Filipino-American Maureen Montagne snagged the title of first runner up in this year's Miss Eco International, almo "
"How similar are we? color is blue (10) stan (10) Filipino (40) a sport (20) photography ( "
"whats good my dudes  points - multi points - 97 liner points - filipino  points - brown eyes point "
" : May you live longer Pres. #Duterte so that you can enjoy and appreciate the positive changes you done for our country. May"
" : He handled health promotion. Kunyari for free pero ginawa niya ito para idikit ang pangalan niya sa DOH.. Remember when Ebo"
"Just in the suburbs of Chicago alone there are a plethora of different accents flying around. Due to growing up whe "
"Duterte to increase Filipino "
" Hope there's a Filipino version too. "
"*asking Filipino moms for permission to go out* : Ma my friends invited me to go to the beach : did you do "
" Are u Filipino?"
" US-led behemoth has brought nothing but suffering and genocide of the Filipino people"
"  Filipino comedy at its finest"
"Hi Reba. Mail from Madagascar. Dear Pee, My teacher is Mrs. Goldberg. She is Filipino. Catch you later, Winnie the Pee."
" That a good idea lol. I haven been on my Netflix in awhile cuz we got Hulu so I went on the other day "
" :  That's a thing! Cause my 2 toddlers do that &amp; I'm like yup, that's that quarter Filipino in you"
" : Hi fellow Brahmans! need respondents on our research paper entitled Manifestation of Filipino Stoicism in the tel"
"Ok so this is all over my feed sfdfd how similar are we?   Tae biased   "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"filipino snacks are soooo bom"
"Talking business &amp; politics live on  and #YourBudget19 updates for the growing #Filipino community i "
" like ngl filipino chicken isnt as different but at least we put some kind of spice"
" Eso huele un poco a filipino eh"
"how similar are we? - ARIES  - ice cream enthusiast  - (Filipino) Canadian  - tea &gt; coff "
"stole from multiple oomfs similar are we ?  - 10pts - 10pts 5 - 10pts jungkook - 1 "
" :   If they don't deny the harassment being done against our fellow countrymen, they advises them to avo"
" a Filipino buffet and they playing only Ariana Grande"
"IMO, the Philippines needs less traditional politicians in positions of power and more people like . Young, for "
"Pati Pres at VP, bumati sa kanya? Sikat talaga. ^_^ "
"   A bowl of dinuguan and a plate of puto. is a Filipino savory "
" I think it's actually just genx, most of the younger europeish people I know have almost as much to "
" O Filipino **  mau"
"Been craving eggs and hotdogs! It a Filipino thang! #filipinobreakfast #pinoybreakfast #eggsandhotdogs "
"AHH my filipino self is so happy rn, palawan such a breathtaking province "
" I so tired of seeing asian twitter making posts about Filipino boys...it literally on my tl once or twice eve "
" : New supper club dates!. are available now on Saturdays 6th and 27th April. on and join us down in New Cross fo"
"copying all of y - been to bts concert - Jungkook biased - 15 yo - procrastination "
" : Tune in to all my podcast shows and radio shows right here  Dobrowolski Thenewmixtapefmhot96.5 Kaneisha Minton Con"
"Tots on Alweya  Smart and witty. Magaling siya mag bigay ng advice. I was freaking out over my Filipino oral defen "
" 25% filipino!!!!1!!1"
"  sino ba presidente na nagframe ng 1987 Constitution?At bakit b c PRRD ang pinagdiskitaha "
"filipino movies hit differently man "
" : toxic filipino trait naay mi amin nimo na crush ka niya, you are now obliged to give back the same feelings kay i"
" Lebanese   mix looooll"
"House full of Mexicans and they got me, the only Filipino, making the michelada"
" That's a thing! Cause my 2 toddlers do that &amp; I'm like yup, that's that quarter Filipino in you"
"Okay, but jasmine was spitting logic in this scene like I felt that, it resonated with me!!  #onmyblock2 "
" : When you at your Filipino Grandma house. #tothelastdrop #pinoy "
"Idk why my aunt's Filipino co-workers are such haters. It really be our own race bullying her"
"moots how similar are we?  points for every desc!  pts  btsvtateezexo pts  multifandom pts  bo "
"Best Filipino Horror so far  to watch this movie  version ng The Nun  "
"The twitter chat of the #Enlightenmentblogtour made me realize even more how much we need more Filipino writers to "
" omg ure filipino/indian too right "
" Kahit ayaw mo na by a Filipino band named This band."
" :    WHAT ABOUT THAT AMERICAN SAILOR DOWN IN THE PHILIPPINES DOING 12-YRS IN A FIL"
" Hirap ako sa Filipino dito dati. Antas. Hahaha"
"   !!!! AAA BUBBY i should make some filipino dessert or something, halo halo . or coffee jelly"
"When you at your Filipino Grandma house. #tothelastdrop #pinoy "
" : i nowhere near filipino but i always get mistaken for it and i perfectly fine with that"
"how similar are we ___/100  pts  loves ptg sm pts  159cm  pts  scorpio pts  bisexual pts  love "
"Thank you for making my night! Hahahah heto ang filipino family! "
"-me build food park-me want chinese food-me want open chinese food park-me no allow filipino enter me chinese fo "
" Balut. Filipino delicacy of a duck egg where the embryo has developed to the point of having feathers an "
"how similar are we ___/100  pts  ships yulyen so much pts  159cm  pts  scorpio pts  bisexual pt "
" : Panic Key anime screen test, this webseries of mine takes place in the Philippines and both Skull and Ink are Filipino ht"
" I read this in a v heavy Filipino accent"
"lmao ppl get so shookt when i tell them my nationality aint filipino "
"My parents went from gardening straight to watching Filipino movies on the patio and my heart is happy for them "
" : Meeting my co Filipino Youtuber in Vienna  by MariTheExplorer "
"I better see my friends on these higlights "
" : rt if you stan orange county 1975 !atd  mutuaaalSsS pleaaA"
"How similar are we?  pts namjoon biased pts ult all ships pts scorpio pts laugh a lot pts phon "
" All but arts, 4'11, and Filipino"
"Fav filipino rapper?  madami ih hehe "
" : Looking for Filipino mutuals. .  me if you stan the ff. Kids X Boyz"
"We really planning Coachella shopping on FST.*Filipino Standard Time.   "
"'s slaughter05;Incidents such as Balangiga were common.This was village whereUS's general was angered by Filipino resistance."
"how similar are we?  pts 01 liner pts Spring day enthusiast  pts 0T7 pts Filipino pts karaoke "
"Fr  that the pinoy squat the Filipino squat "
"gago san na yung antok ko? filipino time den puta"
"Lol! I maybe the only Filipino who's playing this game! Kaway sa naglalaro pa din neto!  "
"rami palang magandang Filipino movie"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"As a Filipino, I am concerned of a blacklisted construction firm by the world bank and UN of infrastructure malprac "
" : Filipino Town in Seattle? Some say it never existed. Some say it's still here. #KuyaGeo "
"I really hate filipino time"
"Yang penting one of the customer ingat I'm a filipino then I say no no get it HAAHAH ok lame but serious idk which "
"I'm Filipino, incase some of y'all din't know (wya my Filipino mutuals? )"
"when u reversed yanan, it will be nanay which is a filipino word for mother... i'm just sharing cause i think that's somehow cute lol"
" : Eerie is not your typical filipino horror movie. Super intense talaga!! Kakaiba sa mga napanood kong filipino horror film."
"how similar are we? - aquarius - loonarmy + ggs - 17 - gay - looks intimidating but is actually not "
"I noticed when old white men hit on younger Filipino women it starts one of two ways... a corny CORNY joke. Or t "
"so.  - bias is baby jungoo - lives in the uk - ot7 - filipino - leo  - loves "
"Feeding a hungry #crowd? Try Francis Puyat's impressive #Filipino boodle fight tonight, recipe at "
"Don miss the API Mega Mixer 2019 &amp; FilAmChamber of Commerce Membership Drive! by the Asian Business Asso "
"  They are illegal, they don belong in this country let alone our school. Disability, Soc "
"I ruined the Filipino dream by becoming a DJ and not a nurse  "
" Filipino?  he gets caught doing drugs"
"tulog ako nung filipino sub kaya ganyan haha"
" A filipino thing HAHAHAH "
"Toxic filipino culture!"
"Filipino woman killed, another injured after being hit by car in Yamagata city "
"Bruuuh! I think I the only Filipino who thinks jo koy isn funny."
"I had a Filipino counselor tell me to my face that Mexicans are lazy and so are their kids in college and honestly "
"Awww. #filipino #love #life "
"how similar are we? stolen from tl hehe - filipino  - arts  - loves boba  - 4 - l "
" : Joshua Hong being a big fan of filipino artists made me so proud.. "
"2 for 1 special, Charmane and Jenaveve!! #Asian, asian, ass, big tits, blowjob, brunette, d "
"Meeting my co Filipino Youtuber in Vienna  by MariTheExplorer "
" I didn't know you had a Filipino side tbh you never talk about it"
"copying my entire tl :p ___/100 - aquarius - college freshman  - bi - filipino - 4 eyes - theatr "
"U kinda look like bretman  cause im filipino "
" : Thank you to the Filipinx American Young People of the California-Nevada Annual Conference for this beautiful statement of s"
"Sakit na to ng mga mangmang na mga mukhang alamang na filipino. "
" : Un filipino descubre que esta piedra que ten en casa es la perla m grande del mundo "
"  Cantaloupe is the only melon I like. Never seen it juiced before, is that a Filipino twist?"
"2 more local shows before I back on the road. Come check out my #Filipino #StarTrek suit. #BeemMeUpFobby "
" : i wanna get to know more of my moots  pts- bts paved the way pts- likes red/black pts- stan other grps besides"
"        "
"Filipino roots runs through my veins...  Waimalu, Hawaii "
" Madre m , madre m,  que pintazo   como todos los dictadores oligarcas .  AQU NO HAY M MARIC QUE M "
" spotify deja de recomendarme canciones en filipino porffff quiero cantar :("
" :  Ain't no Filipino nurse that be putting that stuff on their faces. We have perfect skin."
"ATM: Filipino-American Real Estate Professional Association (FAREPA) Bay Area, Inc is proud to celebrate its 15th y "
"Un filipino descubre que esta piedra que ten en casa es la perla m grande del mundo "
"just watched #Eerie and oh my gosh!this is the best filipino horror film ever!sobrang nakakatakot pero malalim yung "
" : Hwag kang mag inarte sa Pilipinas hindi ka naman Candidate ng Ms. Universe ng kung anong nation para mag inarte jan "
"   Gaganap po cia ng role ng aeta masama doon dahil kapwa Filipi "
"I can believe I becoming a nurse I am the most stereotypical Filipino ever. EVEEERRRRR WHO SAW IT COMING"
" :  Simple as this.  thought he could be super  by demeaning a safe target. He thinks living in Ken"
"Who payed For renovation Starbucks Location South St. Cerritos having 1 Cerritos Mall Greed  saturated HITS "
"Pag ginawan sya ng filipino version, I wonder kung gaano kahaba yung title HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA .s. bagay center si "
"PLS MY FILIPINO HEA IS SO HAPPY "
"A Filipino Steak That Checks All the Weeknight Boxes | SAVEUR "
"Dami kong napanuod na mga filipino movies nowadays ah  lab it"
" can we be mutuals ma just for the filipino people? please"
"Brazilian CHEESEBREAD love story between Brazilian Model and the   Filipino - Half Filipina UNG-girl!!!! Lol"
"sigaw darna hashtag is like spider verse hashtag with out very own filipino hero oof"
"my mom said i was gonna be in the emergency room next if i don get off my phone shshshsjs ???? Filipino moms ???????"
"Every few months, cjdaddylicious and I get together to talk life, Jesus, basketball, marriage, and of course, eat F "
" : Why Filipino nurses leave the Philippines to work abroad?  because it's a far better to be earning your potential instead"
"Toxic Filipino culture need to be twice as good to be considered half as worthy"
" : : The NPA is now in a position to deliver lethal blows to the enemy forces anywhere in the archipelago and t"
" : Leading Filipino journalist Maria Ressa arrested again  "
" Simple as this.  thought he could be super  by demeaning a safe target. He thinks livi "
"Just watch #Eerie and I could say the filipino films are actually getting better.."
"hello took from tl lol  pts filipino pts smoll  pts multi pts 90s babie  pts talk a lot pt "
"        "
" : Ang laki siguro ng utang na loob ni Ping LACSON sa mga Aquino para i-endorse niya si Mar Roxas at Bam Aquino. Para sa kanya TAM"
"i wanna get to know more of my moots  pts- bts paved the way pts- likes red/black pts- stan other grps b "
"Lord, my prayer is for the filipino people to vote for public servants whose best interest is for everybody, not ju "
"how similar are we? - medium/long hair - ot7 - open minded/ social butterfly  - 01 liner "
" hindi naman yan filipino ngi bat mo sinusuportahan nakakababa ng standards Okey lng kung dugong pino "
" : Hello Crush, Please don't be inlove with someone else."
"     Yes, pero magdadalawang isip ang mga tao kay fumi "
"how similar are we?  pts yoongi stan pts can sing  pts gemini pts hates math pts filipino "
"just found out the filipino movies on netflix are also available here  yes"
" :  I GOT THE HORSES IN THE BACK took over the  hafltime show "
"why every filipino got a kid named anak"
"funny how leftist Filipino teens who consider themselves woke protest against the administration for being too ni "
"How similar are we? pts loves jinkook pts filipino pts 98 liner pts ramen, i love ramen  pts a "
"  Super agree!!  But I think yamyam will win. He has very big advantage, and that is being a pure filipino "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"March 30, 1965: A Viet Cong car bomb containing 300 pounds of plastic explosives detonates in front of the U.S. Emb "
" : Filipino fishermen subjected to racial slurs and violent attack on fishing trip to Raglan. #RacismInRaglan  "
"#TravelWithBTS #FoodTripWithBTS  &amp; Hobi likes Sinigang &amp; Adobo. is another recommendation. one "
" : Toxic filipino culture--Pag bored, naninira ng reputasyon ng iba."
"Why have one dessert when you can have two  Was really excited to try the mamasonsdirtyicecream Ube milkshake (Fil "
" Me: *crying in despair*  thoughts: *remembering how I open up on my family the reasons why I love BTS b "
" : WATCH: Filipino artist Raphael dela Cruz launches light art painting at an Earth Hour event on Saturday, held at SM Bac"
"and she said something that intrigued me because we invited her for the purpose of telling us our role, as female s "
"wheres that one filipino song that teaches u to count in tagalog"
" : How to Make Filipino-style Fruit Salad - "
"Funny how my Filipino coworkers talk to me in Tagalog and I just go along with it by nodding my head"
"AYIEIE PROUD FILIPINO"
"old filipino films din on cinema one and o shopping  hahahahahaha "
"Toxic filipino culture:       Ninakawan na nga, hahayaan ulit magpanakaw then magrereklamo. Repeat."
"Me: Who is this?: Hey! it my bebe ( a filipino term for boyfriend) Zoe is my niece she is only a 3 year ol "
" HAHAHA nabasa mo ba yung translation no'n sa Filipino? Hahahahahahhaha"
"2. mais con yelo (filipino food)"
"if im not mistaken, someone translated it in filipino?????"
"my filipino store was JUST empty w one other person but as soon as my family comes in, literally 5 more people come in behind us"
"hi im from korea and you are funny i think your filipino right? im a sone too sorry for my english  aw onionhaseyo "
"   remarks of theirs really shown proof?former president FIDEL V RAMOS created a "
"Just learned it was Vietnam War Veteran's Day yesterday so here's a salute to my two uncles who enlisted as teenage "
"do this- loonarmy- filipino- lgbtq+- koo biased- - streetstyle luvr- plays/played minecraf "
"filipino dub of yu yu hakusho is galaxy brain "
"     Who are you?? Are you a Filipino? or papansin ka lang ? "
"The hecks wrong with this society, what the hell's wrong with Philippines bakit ba kasi nawala ung pagiging conserv "
" technically 70, i not from the philippines but i filipino :)"
"how similar are we? pts - earth sun/moon/rising pts - 01 liner pts - ravenclaw pts - nerd of any kind "
" Peruvian is last? Filipino almost last? And Singapore? Singapore is the best place in the world to eat!"
"Vote Tinderong Pinoy Partylist #113 sa Balota  Suportahan natin ang mga sektor nang Maninindang Filipino  Plea "
"   isa karin kupal tangina nito, Filipino kaba or isang alien na gustong sirahin "
" English, Filipino and some Japanese and Korean(still learning if that counts ) wanna learn French "
"  So ano po ngaun kun d po cia aeta pa rin cia po cia ibang lahi masa "
" filipino, capricorn, ults twice and introverted"
" Hahaha I should bring this 3 year old filipino meme back. It's too good for borusara"
" charot. filipino tym onLi"
" : filipino boys "
" : Aetas are filipino. is filipino. she can portray a role of her fellow filipino.  the blackface"
"Tune in to all my podcast shows and radio shows right here  Dobrowolski Thenewmixtapefmhot96.5 Kaneisha Minton "
"blakeselden you fired.  #jofa #video #repalm #hockey #jofa #nhl #bayareahockey #dome #flow #asian "
"I wish Jennie unnie could understand Filipino humour."
"Indian      LMFAOOOO "
"Filipino stars excited to be in KOREA!!      "
"Filipino ARMYs?? Here?"
"   As usual, Filipino kid steals the show"
"You either a tfc filipino or a gma filipino, it never both "
"Filipino Customers March 22 "
"So alarming talaga.  Binigyang-pansin din sa report ng WMO ang nagiging pinsala ng mga kalamidad na dala ng clim "
"stole this from my moots but, how similar are we?  bh family (5) apple pie (5)  dog person (5) "
"Statistics by the Department of Education show that 1 in 6 Filipino kids will not attend school. Furthermore, 7 out "
"Just a simple CUPCAKE  of the ORIGINAL Filipino Pinoy Cupcakes and The BEST ONE of a KIND Cupcakes in Solano "
"Monday Purposive Comm. (Interview) Filipino (Pananaliksik)        Powerpoint Computer Programming Lecture ( "
"  Don most people within this fandom speak Filipino or Indonesian?"
" : Toxic Filipino Mindset kapag nagka boyfriend/girlfriend ka iniisip nila na baka mabuntis o makabuntis ka, tangina can"
" : One #Filipino man wanted to serve #God in his #community despite his partial paralysis, and he saw God's #miraculous w"
" : Hey y'all!! If you want to start listening to Filipino hiphop here are a few artists I recommend:- Gloc 9 (y'all know him)-"
"I'm quite intrigued by the Filipino fast food chain #Jollibee. have only two outlets in Europe (Milano and Lon "
"How similar are we? __/100 :) pts filipino / asian pts 5!! pts bts hehe pts milk tea enthusiast "
" ANIMAL KA HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA MIA CLARA BAAAAA. Katung ano sa filipino. Nananana!!!"
" : can i just manifest that  na bituin is one of the best filipino teleseryes of all time and it deserves a remake "
"Wtf is wrong with me? I be watching Filipino Romance movies and idk why. They good tho. Vince &amp; Kath &amp; James "
"Pakistani    "
" are you originally from? I Filipino-American I thought you were Korean under my breath    "
"        "
" whered u see the word cause it also filipino hhhhh"
"Para naman hindi puro korean yung laman ng ig ko I followed some filipino celebrities HEHE"
" hOw simiLar ArE We  pts each  namjoon ult  skzarmyoncemyday- multi tries to save up but money always "
"Every Filipino can sing. What am I then?"
" : all in all, the event was a success! everyone enjoyed and there were so many freebies!  and all the sponsors,"
"the production was SO GOOD..... the cast and set design are both amazing. it makes me want to watch more filipino m "
"  Imagine future kawhi &amp; Quentin. When ppl see their name &amp; they expecting 2 black guys but it just 2 Filipino kids "
" Nung group sharing sa Feast Alabang about how proud are you as a Filipino? Ganyan sinabi ko, the nev "
"How similar are we? -cancer -'01 liner -4`11 -filipino -namjoon enthusiast - "
"Sharon Cuneta (Filipino singer) : Pasay, Philippines of birth: 1966-01-06: Boston University "
" The GCM recommendation was so on point. Went yesterday and cane back for breakfast. It incredible! F "
"how similar are we? bighit family (10) 1team (50)  liner (10) (10) (10) ( "
"Need a #Filipino person from #Yanbu Massage Specialist"
"  I agree with you sincerely. I'm just exhausted with what I'm dealing with as a brown Fi "
"Heart Evangelista (Filipino actress) : Manila, Philippines of birth: 1985-02-14://t.co/nLhb419f21 "
"So pinuri kami ng teacher namin dyan. Tuwang tuwa si Maam sa performance namin. Gusto pa niyang iperform namin yun "
"Sarah Geronimo (Filipino singer) : Santa Cruz, Manila, Philippines of birth: 1988-07-25: Uni "
"It the Outstanding Filipino Youth Awards scholarship interview day! So excited for this year Philippine Nationa "
"Toni Gonzaga (Filipino singer) : Taytay, Rizal, Philippines of birth: 1984-01-20: University "
"#Eerie is nice! Proud to see the progress with Filipino movies"
"DDS: Fake news yan!  DDS: Ginawa yan ng mga dilawan para siraan ang administrasyon!-kaniyang conspiracy. "
"what is your name?   , abdull ?  , but you can call me Pedro  you have Filipino name like san "
"Once, someone suggested that another Filipino student in the workshop change the title of his poem so that it was s "
"how similar are we ?  pts - lesbian pts - nonbinary pts - filipino pts - hopekook biased pts - "
"Before the day ends We just want to greet you again N' Mark Happy Birthday from you Filipino fans  you soon "
"Jed Madela (Filipino singer) : Iloilo City, Philippines of birth: 1977-07-14://t.co/W31hIb7D79 "
" I wonder if it Filipino song? Ooohhh im excited"
"Ahahaha,  I know it can be a pretty hard work.  I'm a writer too, but stop because of my mental problems.  It's h "
" NOPE but isnt this just normal taufufa  but with pearls  just like filipino taho"
"    Does the Filipino guy in the foreground count?"
"&gt;Filipino why can't I change nationality "
"nosebleed,, how to filipino "
"KZ Tandingan (Filipino singer) : Digos, Philippines of birth: 1992-03-11://t.co/Dyi4AkWgFQ "
" english and filipino!!"
"damn, the filipino | hawaiian food truck is closed today cus it raining."
"Never realized how comforting it feels to be called  or  by my mom &amp; my Filipino aunties lmao"
" : the kid who sang the filipino song at the assembly omg my heart "
"Why does everyone think I half Filipino "
"Lmao did I really go home to binge watch filipino love stories on netflix with my fam"
"hate when i tell mf i filipino and they think it cute/funny to say random shit in tagalog like first of all i "
" : so tell me, how similar are we? got this from a mutual :&gt; pts - filipino pts - 00 liner pts - has a cat pts"
" One thing that annoys me is when I see Filipinos say  means sh*t  (not hating on Filipinos, I mixed with Filipino)"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
" : Let's appreciate, recognize, support and promote our own Filipino artists, singers, music, and concerts, please. "
"I love being Filipino "
" Oh great!! There has been many smart law student who are not celebrities and base on this people ne "
"Filipino moms dreams "
"Sunday, April 7, 2019  Filipino heroes memorial corregidor island, Cavite. payagan :&lt;"
"Tapos ko na nga pala yung lecture mo sa Filipino. Uhm, medyo magkaiba sulat natin pero keri naman. Okay ka pa ba? D "
" : WHO TF IS THIS NIGGA?!?!?? "
"Leafy/le - my first ever ign. Garena days where I played WCIII DoTa Allstars then. - a reversal of my n "
" i got turned onto ding dong, a filipino snack mix, and i want to be at the asian market all the time now."
"how similar are we? (add up all ur points)- filipino - 01 line- taurus- bi- singer - armyzen- "
" oh my god you literally are the embodiment of the deep-rooted issues within filipino society goodbye"
"Toxic Filipino culture be like "
" He's /davidlicauco. a filipino model and actor. he's the seungcheol twin/lookalike that everyone's been talking about. hahaha"
" : [IG] Filipino boy group SB19 posted a photo with #INSEONG &amp; #HEEJUN at the event &lt;#LoveKOrea Travel Fiesta&gt; in the Philipp"
"Old Filipino ladies behind you in a long line always be mumbling something rude bruh "
" : My best celebrity impression is depression "
"I am afraid that because of all these inner hatred against the Chinese people that are developing among the Filipin "
" Thank you for understanding the day to day struggles of the Filipino family and helping us get through wit "
" : (*`*) "
"Ewan ko bat ang sarap pakinggan ng Dalagang Filipina? Pero mas masarap pa din pag Binatang Filipino yeah! "
" : Y'all, do yourself a favor &amp; follow the #SigawDarna tag right now  is THE quintessential, iconic Filipino superher"
"And a #filipino food truck? Cmon,  , now you just showing off! #sarap #salamat"
"pati ba upcat results filipino time hehe"
" : I such a   nah I got it  and suffer in silence ass person  ."
"Yo aburrida en instagram: voy a ver mis recomendados de humor a ver si hay algo bueno en espa que pueda comparti "
" : Sims 4 Let's Build Series: Filipino Architecture Edition #6 National Museum of Fine Arts &amp; operated by t"
" : DEFINITELY WOULD RECOMMEND EVERYONE TO WATCH EERIE!!!, i love Filipino films "
"Thank you for understanding the day to day struggles of the Filipino family and helping us get through with our liv "
"EXACTLY!!! even the people i was sitting next to in the cinema thought bucky was  boyfriend (in filipino, di "
" tell ur anon if shes a filipino n reach century old, gov will give her 100k "
" : I AM FILIPINO AND CAME HERE LEGALLY. WAITED ALMOST NINE YEARS TO BECOME US CITEZENS. I PAID $$$ FOR FEES AND PAY TAXES. HAD"
"support filipino artist &lt;3://t.co/jfv1N6jCnH"
" : Jamaicans are the greatest ://t.co/uKodjmCL0u"
" : Grabi... may asawa na ako, kinilig ako. so stupid talaga mga bashers saying foul words to Lou. Forever nlng ba"
"how similar are we  - filipino/asian  - early 2000 liner - jimin ult  -virgo/virgin/earth "
"  It's a filipino trait which can be sometimes abused. As long you're not, it's ok to h "
"most likely to be good in Filipino?  Ako siguro. Hehe "
"IWitness is something that will make you realize that we Filipino needs to help our own countrymen and help them grow"
"EVERYTHING I COULD HAVE HOPED FOR FROM A FILIPINO LUNCH   Melkens Floating Restaurant, Balari "
" : That what a NCAA pole vault record looks like "
"I wishhhhh I had a Mexican or Filipino hubby"
"Happy 51st birthday to my one and the only legendary singer miss   thank you for always singing with us "
"LA County Officials I Elliott E Buckner California DL # N8447529 reported illegal Filipino &amp; Indian women using you "
"DEFINITELY WOULD RECOMMEND EVERYONE TO WATCH EERIE!!!, i love Filipino films "
"Gabi nanaman bigla bigla nalang nagpaparamdam yung thesis sa Filipino"
"di na niya ako tinuturuan sa Filipino:( "
"Duh edi sa filipino kame tle woh HAHAHA"
"And stop asking if my baby is Chinese/Filipino/Mexican....nigga we are Native ..."
"#Eerie is an unpredictable movie!! From start to finish nakakatakot! Walang pinapalampas na scene eh. Halos minu-mi "
"Dalagang PILIPINA kasi Filipino ang Citizenship niya. Dalagang PILIPINA kasi nakatira sa Pilipinas."
" : crunch: hey juan i know you've been getting a lot of hate recently but hang in there. This is why im your coach!"
" :  That there were cookies in here "
"The Filipino lady at Hamilton pharmacy Buzz just told me she loves me she so sweet. I loved her back "
"CLASSIC FILIPINO MOVIES ARE MIND BLOWING"
"You don't understand, she has the tsinelas  saka yung isda na nasa lalagyan ng ice cream and "
"The Filipino women are not idiots to wear whatever they want in public is something called decency lol "
"Looking for Filipino mutuals. .  me if you stan the ff. Kids X Boyz"
" : Ang laking hadlang talaga ng Filipino TV show related hashtags kapag gusto mo mag #1 trending tbh HAHAHAHA "
"mali parin yung point eh CAN dress however they want and considering that the Filipino women are strong, int "
" : True love is Filipino time. Wait lang sa timing."
" :  pls say something abt the manila show, the filipino carpenters are just rlly confused right now whether"
"Ikaw na ang pinaka gwapo na binata sa mata na ang pinaka swabe ang galaw akin ka ha  lakas maka Filipino "
"if you're filipino and you don't acknowledge nadine luste as the president of the philippines... who are you?"
"As Filipino families head to the beach, the mountains or just chill at home for the long spring-summer break at the "
" are you spic or filipino?"
"  As someone with a Filipino Fianc, I have to respectfully disagree about Pakistani Mangoes "
"Do not make the Filipino labor force in this country to be a second class citizen."
"Dalagang pilipina daw eh bagsak naman sa Filipino."
"tapos lagi akong nakakatulog sa 2nd period Filipino. na akong ibang paraan para bumawi sumali nalang ako ng teatro hahahahaha"
"HOY SHT NAMISS KO BIGLA YUNG THE RESILIENCY OF A FILIPINO TAS BEFORE MAGSTA, MAY PA-ACTING NA MAY WAR AAAA GRADE 6"
"four sisters and a wedding is one of the best filipino films out there. It has the right mix of sadness and humor. "
"TOXIC FILIPINO MINDSET:  KAPAG NAGCHUCHURCH KA DI KA NA MAKAKAGAWA NG KASALANAN. DAPAT PERFECT KA."
"Nothing quite like a Filipino jam band singing all the songs that remind you of middle school "
"Filipino hustla"
"idc if none of you replies, just want to let u know more abt me  - leo - loonarmy - filipino "
"AR Animations by a Filipino Scientist"
"naappreciate ni kuya ko mga grades ko yieee, kalako sasabihin nya bat ganun yun math bat ganun yung filipino. shett "
" : #Lawson  vocalist #AndyBrown  performing with so much passion at his intimate show for his"
"Btw ang book kay about sa mga big time filipino/a chefs and ilahang mga recipes"
"STUDY: Filipino smokers put cigarette $$ on the line as an incentive 2 quit. They kept the $$ if they pass a urine "
"So....... naa koy nabasahan nga cookbook sa kitchen ganina ang pangalan kay chefs' secret ba toh? Then damn naa d "
"Nak tengok movie apa? Malay? English? Hindustan? Filipino?"
" Filipino film industry take notes, please."
"  okay you go paying  your  bail     for the  filipino       people       so that they "
" :  In the Philippines, once they know you are a kpop fan, people will think that you're not proud of Filipino mus"
"how similar are we?  - filipino  - arts  - loves boba  - 5  - photography - "
"How similar are we sexies? pts - filipino pts - jikook based  pts - graduating pts - 01 hoe pts - C "
"how similar are we? ___/100 pts filipino pts tall  pts lgbt  pts loves music!!! pts loves anim "
"  It means Filipino Teenager (Girl) BUT! It's also a song that became a meme or trend in th "
"This is the only filipino movie na napanood ko na horror and at the same time has substance."
"Josh, a Filipino representative for Z-POP's Z-BOYS, ate SBS Inkigayo sandwich and said it tasted like SBS. "
"Wow! Eerie was surprisingly good. I had  no expectations at all but for a Filipino movie, definitely a must watch. 4.2/5"
"I used to have a lot of Filipino mcu mutuals so I always felt behind due to time differences ..?? Wild "
"toxic filipino culture??  pag may boyfriend ka,di ka na makakatapos ng pagaaral at maaga ka daw mabubuntis ba "
"old filipino movies "
"Australian paedophile, 61, who raped Filipino girl, 5, is jailed "
" Kuya  ikaw sya Filipino version haha"
" Uhmm oppsss HAAHA"
"Good morning! #grateful #blessed #hopeful #goodmorning #godisgood #loved #salamat #magandangumaga #myroom "
" : CREBZ CYCLE is now claiming the stage and owning the spotlight with their amazing performance of Bohemian Rhapsody  yo"
" English, Filipino (Bisaya) and Malay can also understand Filipino (Tagalog) and Indoensian"
" : Maraming salamat dahil ramdam kong pinahalagahan ninyo ang asignaturang Filipino. Maging huwaran kayo sa iba bitbit ang"
"Do you love Filipino Foods? If so, we are very sure that you also love Adobo!, available at JOFASH Foodhaus! "
"WOW nasakin pa ren ung script ng filipino roleplay namin. Yung sa may iconic baam zombie ni "
"Wala man lang ligawang naganapAgad agad?. Filipino. Mindset. We have different principles in life. Just "
"Behold Bohol! Chocolate Hills!     .#HeartOfTheIslands #Bohol #SharePH #Philippines #Filipino #Ilocano "
" : I a big lover of Filipino urban legends and I a little bit on the believer side hehe! There the usual tikbalang, manan"
"the way youre a taekooker and a filipino..... the way i wanna be friends with u so bad!!!  P L S DM ME LETS BE FRI "
"imma sleep when its 12 midnight a good night fellow filipino mutuals kskszks "
"#TheAcesAraneta is not just a great concert, it's a great experience! They took it to the next level after Cebu/Dav "
"I hope this opened a lot of filipino minds today  "
"iPhone 2G I got back in Philippines for 1,000 Filipino Pesos which is now ,91 the seller in the store said it wa "
" : Hey guys! Are there any filipino/a stays (STRAY KIDS FAN) interested in buying VIP seated tix for their upcoming con in"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
" : yung mga tao sa bahay representative ata ng toxic filipino culture"
" If Taylor is foreign, how about the thousands of East Asians and Indians that are in Warsaw right now, wit "
"stolen from everyone but how similar are we? (don let me flop ) - filipino - dark hair - 5 "
" :  Support you my co Filipino..my co bisdak. ftw.#PBBTheBigDeb8"
" :  of country motivates Filipino scientists who are already living abroad to apply for the  Scientist program of t"
"Grabi... may asawa na ako, kinilig ako. so stupid talaga mga bashers saying foul words to Lou. Forever nl "
"as much i love lou, andre and fumiya my support will still go to yamyam coz it's reminds us all a true filipino tra "
" : Meet Jim.  is an #edtech rockstar who was recently included in the 30 under 30 global list of literacy leaders &amp;"
"Aba, may ganito na pala ang Kapamilya network! ^_^  kay Lopez, ang Soundstage ay may kalidad na pang-Hollywood "
"   WHAT ABOUT THAT AMERICAN SAILOR DOWN IN THE PHILIPPINES DOING 12-YR "
" They ask me all the fucking time. I technically am though since I Filipino and Chamorro. Lmao."
"WATCH: Filipino artist Raphael dela Cruz launches light art painting at an Earth Hour event on Saturday, held at SM "
" wtf do u mean pure? we all have pure blood.. if both of ur parents are Filipino u are pure.. The prob "
"Filipino fishermen urged to avoid Panatag shoal  the meantime | "
"time to flex on non filipino ni ina mo gago mukang bobo tanga ka talaga"
"Y'all, do yourself a favor &amp; follow the #SigawDarna tag right now  is THE quintessential, iconic Filipino s "
"How similar are we? - a cat person - 02 liner - taurus - jungkook biased - soobin bi "
"Dalagang Filipino "
"  Major in Filipino spotted"
"  he ain Filipino he a chino"
"#Uniqlo.  makatipid?! - Selfie - Uwi  nang bili bili! may selpi! #Fittingroom "
"Dalagang Filipino ye"
" i really love your stories &lt;3. Na inlove ako kay Saint, Shiloah, Jax, now Yago :). you are such an amaz "
" : Kidding aside, how historic to witness a kiss between two boyfriends on a Filipino noontime show. I mean, what? Did that"
"up college of music extension program recital maya ni jose estella los para filipino: isabe "
"Let's appreciate, recognize, support and promote our own Filipino artists, singers, music, and concerts, please. "
" : Diba flat 1 na agad grade namin lahat sa filipino aba dapat lang talaga HAHAHAHA"
"i rlly hate filipino time agh"
"favourite filipino movie?  Magnifico starring Jiro Manio. Panoorin niyooo ganda yon TSAKA FAN DIN AKO NG FENG SHUI "
"im too american-ized lately , i need me some filipino food"
" : Being an Iskolar ng Bayan is more than just a name given to UP students. It is a commitment to the Filipino people to whom w"
"My mom finished all the Hallmark movies. Now she watches Filipino movies"
"Manny Pacquiao  I STILL FIGHT  #BOXING #BOXEO #MEXICANBOXING #FILIPINO #FILIPINAS  "
"New supper club dates!. are available now on Saturdays 6th and 27th April. on and join us down in New "
"I very proud of being a Filipino but I really can erase the feeling of being inferior in terms of height ugh "
" : Karylle, Sunshine Dizon, Iza Calzado &amp; Diana Zubiri Reunite In First Original Filipino iFlix Movie "
"*FILIPINO"
"  I, a filipino is disgust by his action and I am so sorry if my stupid country men st "
" : Dati : ng buong section ng tropa ng buong section ng buong section (With adviser) ng tropa sa sc"
" : Moments that I can't forget in PBB First Adult Batch with Fumi (A thread) Filipino story am reading Fumiya"
" : Hanap ka ng hanap ng dalagang Filipina, binatang Filipino ka ba?"
" That's okay but we are the one paying the double salary rate of Chinese workers through our debts by "
" Thought you were Filipino honestly"
"andddd is  a filipino?? he said basura damnnn"
"Isa ito sa mag reason bakit Big Winner ko si YAMYAM. positive traits ng Filipino ay dala dala niya. Yung Mas pi "
"Diba flat 1 na agad grade namin lahat sa filipino aba dapat lang talaga HAHAHAHA"
"Tots babe  Babe #5. Ed Caluag Jr. HAHAHAHA top 7 sa filipino yann. And proud ako jan naka 83 na sa mathhh. "
"ewan ah nakakainis lang. pag binash, judgmental pero pag pinupuri, plastic ano na mga filipino??"
"naah daghan na kaayog Filipino nga mo trabaho sa Marvel. Can i join u guys? hehe"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"10. KPWKP( Filipino) : Performance Tasks, may mga memorization pa din, at kakaiba talaga ang quiz ni maam oboydo, 1 "
" can't be both siz chz baka raw islander ang filipino and not asian sksksksksk"
"Looks like they've shifted from selling mangoes to Filipino dessert, Halo-halo -Tany#SaturdayThoughts #SaturdayMorning"
"I just hope and pray that  and  will consider visiting the Philippines with Hero and Jo "
"By Vanne Elaine Terrazola China is indeed a  to the Philippines, it should not prevent Filipino fisherme "
"Ano yung toxic filipino culture for you?  comparison between u and kapitbahay and kapatid and all edi sila na lang "
"Ang bato ni Narda, maaaring di nagmula sa lupa, hatid ng kalawakan; ang lakas, ang talino, ang kapangyarihan. Nguni "
"Im amazed of how many good filipino animators are in youtube and makes great contents.. then comes the philipp "
" : lowkey sus when it a non filipino joking about it  "
"i have friend from sg that i will tour around manila tomorrow, can anyone please suggest place to go to?? apart fro "
"Toxic Filipino culture is when people who do not know the real story have so much to say"
" issa filipino show"
"And that closes the #EnlightenmentBlogTour! Thank you everyone for joining tonight. if you want to read m "
"anything: references anything filipino related: allow us to introduce our selves"
"  I think, alam na niya yung batas.  Yung point niya is the president does not represent the Filipino people."
"the way ppl who speak filipino b on my tl starting interesting stories in english then they suddenly switch to fili "
" Oh i see. But you should.. Im a bit curious with your voice &amp; nationality , after seeing your tweet on m "
"10) And lastly, what book written by a Filipino author is next on your reading list? #EnlightenmentBlogTour"
"Nothing's like a Filipino boy.   "
"Hi i'm half-Portuguese, Half-Korean  just say your Filipino"
"#Lawson  vocalist #AndyBrown  performing with so much passion at his intimate show fo "
" : Filipino meme is culture is mostly composed of sensitive topics. make fun of Down Syndrome, bullying, mass suicide, c"
"Gatchalian: As a , China should let Filipino fishermen in Panatag "
" Support you my co Filipino..my co bisdak. ftw.#PBBTheBigDeb8"
" wala akong notes, lagi akong tulog pag Filipino hahahahahahahshaha umaasa ako sa libro :&lt;"
"in filipino,  kung nagkataon na ang pagkakataong magkataon ang isang pagkakataon ay isa lamang pagkakataon n "
" : Click here to subscribe to our #monthly #Arts #Business #Entertainment (Abe) #Magazine here - "
"mga katangian ng binatang filipino yeah?  ewaaan kooooo "
"toxic filipino attitude, madami lang naging ex malandi na kagad ang tawag."
" : Hahaha Gusto ko tuloy makita si Kiri na ginagawa 'yon Filipino Yeah "
" Cool and I half Filipino :)"
"Maraming salamat dahil ramdam kong pinahalagahan ninyo ang asignaturang Filipino. Maging huwaran kayo sa iba bitbit "
"Karylle, Sunshine Dizon, Iza Calzado &amp; Diana Zubiri Reunite In First Original Filipino iFlix Movie "
"So my uncle is pro duterte, and I just posted a seemingly anti duterte post. The post is actually about the state o "
"baduy na kung baduy basta filipino drama/romance movies are the best "
"Ang laking hadlang talaga ng Filipino TV show related hashtags kapag gusto mo mag #1 trending tbh HAHAHAHA "
"CHEAPEST FILIPINO STREET FOOD! Eating at ROXAS NIGHT MARKET in Davao "
"  Poorly designed road .. Too dangerous a steep and beyond the allowable slope.. 375M of taxpayer's "
"toxic filipino culture: yung bisexual, excuse lang ng mga gays"
"Japanese but Filipino with a heart!#PBBTheBigDeb8 #iWantFUMIYAM "
" : Question # 1:  of the two would you appreciate better: a Miss Philippines who is born in the country but cannot s"
"Fieldtrip 2019  Tommorow Swimming naman  guys ! Napasaya natin si sir :D kahit na filipino time us Godbl "
"mama tabangi kos filipino"
"Watch: Why Los Angeles Has the Most Exciting Filipino Food in America "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
" When stressed, speak filipino hahaha"
" Alagang filipino"
"Are you pure Filipino or Malaysian?   #MarNellaForGabMaxMMK "
"Filipino martial arts . pota my heart!!!! "
"How similar are we?:Lives in Japan:Filipino :Never meet Ari:Been a fan since victorious :Broke:h "
" :     ah okay, . Dagsa na Chinese illegal workers sa Pilipinas.. Yung West"
"DINGINBAYAN, ANGELICA P. Guro sa Filipino, yeah.  lang, ito lang kasi yung feeling ko na maganda kong "
"Wow! ^_^ Itatampok ang mga lokal at katutubong pagkain mula sa iba ibang rehiyon na tunay namang ipinagmamalaki n "
" I REALLY LOVE YOUR CONVOS ATE BASMATI WITH KUYA SUMAN  turuan mo siya ng filipino words ate bas fee "
" Filipino  nga. Dapat ba Ang karelasyon Niya FILIPINA? hahahahaha #PBBTheBigDeb8"
" : A big change to the : dropping the hyphen in duel American terms such as  American,  American,"
" (((Based Poland))): "
"So far the Filipino films that made me rethink to support our OWN, to support locals are SEKLUSYON and EERIE becaus "
"Would definitely love to see more Filipino mythologies and mythical creatures in books! Something like a Percy Jack "
"As the world marks #EarthHour on March 30,  and the  shows a way out of the darkness by turn "
"Bsba major in Filipino "
" : Dalagang Filipino.  labyu #ALJONAtLegazpi "
"u know what there are so many Filipino armys here i don know which of you are and aren"
"Eddi Garcia is a legend in Filipino movies.  Fight me."
"Being tolerant of others beliefs isn always easy, but you m... More for Aries "
"#TheFilipinoVotes: At least 30 television and movie personalities are joining the race for over 18,000 government p "
" Filipino house: shoes off"
"Andre didn't agree with the idea of Sex before Marriage but found it okay for Living-in before Marriage. Fumiya cho "
"Toxic Filipino Culture: icompare ka sa laing tao about sa imong grades."
"  Progress from the usual Filipino films  haha"
""
"Why am i so bobo in filipino fuck patay ako sa report guys watch me conyo my way out of it ))): nakakahiya"
"Filipino Food 101 with Jo Koy | Sean in the Wild "
"  My baby boomer parents accepted my Hispanic husband and my brothers Filipino wife. And the "
"I a big lover of Filipino urban legends and I a little bit on the believer side hehe! There the usual tikbala "
" : This Filipino Waiter Delivers Food On A Hover Unicycle Like A Boss! "
"Any of my filipino moots can tell me if 1182 Filipino pesos is an average amount of money? Like is it a lot? Or not?"
"Binatang Filipino Yeahhhh  "
"so tell me, how similar are we? got this from a mutual :&gt; pts - filipino pts - 00 liner pts - has a cat "
"This is how my filipino mom say Netflix. "
"9) What are some examples of accurate and respectful Filipino representation? Rec us your faves! #EnlightenmentBlogTour"
" : The Filipino genes are PULLING lmao "
"GRABE NAMAN BAWAL ANG FILIPINO LANGUAGE???"
"When you're fangirling a Filipino vlogger/youtuber for the very first time and instantly fell inlove with her..  "
" Filipino Conspiracy Theories naman sa sunod!"
" st namen 'to nung gr. 7 sa filipino  matalino 'to at tsaka mabait  qtieeee  god bless youuu!! "
"  Oh deym lezgo filipino ae community #proudpinoy #AePeenoiseAssociation"
"Whos else's filipino moms indirectly calls themselves puta"
"Also given na si Alex G ang bida, naa juy pagka-joker but it doesn't change the content instead it gave life to the "
"Name : Teejay Hughes : Philippines + USA  hot Filipino-American with a scrumptious twink bo "
"Ang nagagawa pagwalang magawa sa gabi special participation ng tao sa likod ko#pacutelangbagomatulog #tiktok "
" : Next time you go to a Filipino restaurant order pek pek"
"Filipino meme is culture is mostly composed of sensitive topics. make fun of Down Syndrome, bullying, mass suic "
"La akong lahing japanese hahahahahhahahahahha pure filipino ako siz"
"Ang nagagawa pagwalang magawa sa gabi special participation ng tao sa likod ko#pacutelangbagomatulog #tiktok "
" : Fumiya chose Japanese because he's Japanese but has a heart of a Filipino #PBBTheBigDeb8"
"its okie.. alangan naman piliin n fumi ang filipino? my goshhhhh.atleast pusong pinoy hahaha#PBBTheBigDeb8 "
" : why do i see the the dalagang pilipina challenge as a filipino version of 'aegyo' ??"
" It's not just Duterte. I have a friend who worked for two different campaigns last election cycle. "
"Fumiya chose Japanese because he's Japanese but has a heart of a Filipino #PBBTheBigDeb8"
"Thank you to the Filipinx American Young People of the California-Nevada Annual Conference for this beautiful state "
"  In 1954 Congress passed the Retail Trade Nationalization Act, a thinly disguised attempt to "
"Church. ( Orlando Filipino SDA Church in Altamonte Springs, FL) "
"sa mundong ginagalawan ko ngayon,  ang buhay ng isang tao ay pinaguusapan na ng buong sambayanang filipino"
"(it feels really impactful when written in Filipino, though)"
"Maria took filipino action film genre into a higher level   Reyes' acting and stunts were commendable "
"Hello my Filipino friend, Simon Vicente Ibarra!  KINIIIIIIIIIII HAHAHAHA "
"Name : Teejay Hughes : Philippines + USA  hot Filipino-American with a scrumptious twink bo "
" Filipino version of Hoobastank... next"
"america is fine the way it is rn yet some americans actually highly disagree.. impressionable filipino children and "
"can we not have filipino kids grow up with western leftist ideologies????? thanks"
"Hahaha Gusto ko tuloy makita si Kiri na ginagawa 'yon Filipino Yeah "
"Name : Teejay Hughes : Philippines + USA  hot Filipino-American with a scrumptious twink bo "
"2. serve mission. mag-take ng ustet'pag pinalad:(4) take psychology tapos graduate as cum laude(5) makakanta n "
"calling Filipino Blinks, do u want to make pasa BUY (pasabay) ng ALBUM, once the pre-order was release? DM me guys .. #KILLTHISLOVE"
"It had to be a child when there were countless prostitutes in the area.  ://t.co/vLaADUrZ7M "
" I'd rather that they specify and say Filipino or Chinese or Vietnamese, etc. Just saying Asian is la "
"DEFENSE SA PR1, PASAHAN SA NGRESEARCH SA FILIPINO, PROJECT SA EAPP REVIEW PAPER!!!!"
"sobrang sama ng loob ko t0nyt kasi nakalimutan lagyan ng rice iyong inorder kong chicken wings!! imagine i have to "
" :  I feel that sometimes, a certain Filipino movie will just be hyped by everyone simply because it is Filipi"
" :  2. Stop saying pang-Hollywood as a compliment or praise to Filipino movies bc aside from the fact that Ho"
" Bamboo tunog ay musika ng Filipino. Mabuhay."
" :  sa pinakita kabutihan ni FUMIYA  sa loob ng BNK mas masarap pa maging kaibigan Sya kaysa kapwa filipino halos ka"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"Fave subject?  english, e-math, filipino, ap (minsan lang) "
" :    Di ba yan din pinaglaban ng magdalo noon? Mga sariling armas pala ng afp binebenta sa"
"awwwwwwww ive never seen this pic!!!!!! how im a filipino but bangtan has been to Palawan first  "
"It only goes to show PDuterte is way more love and embrace by the Filipino people! Well applauded by the audience u "
"   Di ba yan din pinaglaban ng magdalo noon? Mga sariling armas pala ng afp binebent "
"Saying i love you between friends and family should be normalized in filipino culture "
"every filipino family has a nurse in their family if im correct"
" Ahahahaha! Learn our language then  or ask another Filipino friend for translation "
" :  Four Sisters and a Wedding is the best Filipino film of all time!"
" :  Proud lang naman ang ibang mga tao sa Filipino Films kapag nabibigyan ito ng award ng IBANG BANSA"
"First Filipino to steal videos from SANGKM "
"a toxic thing abt filipino families is that they have tendencies to expect too much on their child kaya eto naman k "
"  yawa kaman!! paghunahuna uy rakag yawa! he even love filipino culture! ikaw? ginahimo kaha "
" : Ang hirap maging aeta true natin kapwa natin Filipino sa colonial mentality natin mas superior"
" Medyo nakakatakot but expected naman since naban na yung mga chinese products sa ibang bansa dahil sa all "
"Words of wisdom from my favorite Filipino romance author.If ... you are made to be the enemy and your words get "
"We are the fastest growing Direct selling/MLM company here in the Philippines. We just launched our company last Ja "
"pinays: literally like 1/16 some other fuckin race: filipino/korean/german/pinay "
"If I ever learn how to speak Filipino I ending all of y, just so y know 9, AP has Math "
" : imagine having a brown darna. imagine little morena girls feeling proud of their skin color when they see a brown filipin"
"I MEAN I JUST SAW THIS PICTURE EARLY IN THE MORNING ANSKKGHJDYW,this was taken way back year 2017 when they need to "
"Eerie is one of the few Filipino horror films that I really liked. May hints pa of mental health awareness. Hindi "
"Ang mga wika ng Filipinas mula sa Taunang Ulat 2015 ng Komisyon sa WIkang Filipino (KWF) "
"Hey y'all! the movie Once in a Blue Moon! Filipino movie sya pero di ko alam kung anong year syaaaa"
"Let's continue celebrating Filipino pride! Also, you can get a chance to win an Oryspa package! the mechanics, "
" International . Sorang tu orang uk sorang tu fanboy filipino. Kann ??? Sakit gila babeng rasa nak maki "
"Tito B: Filipino or japanese?(Wara pang 5 secs)  japanese!!! . He answered without hesitation. I love him "
" This man will represent filipino interest better before senate!"
"Tito Boy to Fumiya: Japanese or Filipino: Japanese  yung pangarap ko maging Mrs. Sankai naglaho na "
"Pero guys maganda nga yung Eerie. Not the usual Filipino horror movie siya. Grabe mang gulat "
"I hate the way Filipino parents tell time. . LEAVE NOW YOU LATE ITS ALREADY 8....it only 7:15..."
"Tito boy: r u single or taken: ahhhhh single boy: Japanese or Filipino? : Japanese   #PBBTheBigDeb8"
" :   not your typical Indie filipino horror film. Must watch."
"Watch Here : [ "
"Sa mga Filipino Aeta wag kayong Ma takot mangarap. #MMKBusilakNaKorona MMKniJudith "
" :  Gelacio Guillermo speaks with elegance and force, in whispers and in outrage, in seamless metaphors and"
"I just watched Four Sisters and a Wedding for the first time and IT A MASTERPIECE  Probably my favorite Filipino movie!!!!!! "
"i hate german but i hate filipino schools more so "
" : My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 |"
"     Vais a coger un peso fino filipino"
"Flipad,.!!! "
"-With High Honor-St.Thomas Montessori Award-Award for Research or Innovation -Best Group in Research -Best in O "
" Meron pa yung filipino  hahahaysss"
"Toxic Filipino culture?  magkakaron lang sila ng pake at magiging mabait sayo pag nakita na nilang lumuluha at suk "
" Gelacio Guillermo speaks with elegance and force, in whispers and in outrage, in seamless metaphor "
"  No his Godson looks hella Filipino lol"
"Hey guys! Are there any filipino/a stays (STRAY KIDS FAN) interested in buying VIP seated tix for their upcoming co "
" Lage ah  basta filipino time HAHAHAHAHAH 10 usapan 11 dating"
" Not gonna lie my brother watched a shit ton of peppa pig when he was learning to talk so for the firs "
" bro it was legit one hour im really convinced it was an earth hour thing but u know,,,, filipino time"
" Says the daughter of Filipino immigrants."
"Ang hirap maging aeta true natin kapwa natin Filipino sa colonial mentality natin mas supe "
"Ang hirap ng Filipino :(("
"  Eerie has set the bar for a Filipino Horror Film. Eto yung movie na magcha-Challenge sa ibang Local "
"    Filipino taym talaga HAHAHAHAHAHAHAH"
"All time fave Filipino Movieee "
"*recites the pledge of loyalty* brain: say it say it say it say it  say it "
"LAST NIGHT I JUST GOT FILIPINO?!?!????? "
"8) What do you think of the presence of colorism in Filipino society? How do you think this affects Filipino repres "
"if you named your filipino oc something like 'katuwaan' or 'bukid' i think we would literally all laugh at you. nam "
" : Kaloka talaga ang Filipino time. Nakakahiya lalo na kina Cheche.#AcesLiveAtAraneta"
"There should be universal themes for them to connect, with folklore and mythology to dive deeper into the Filipino "
" Ang Senado...ay para sa mga taong handang mglingkod at gumawa ng batas na ang pangunahin ay ang mga "
" :  I particularly keen on stories by Filipino authors that educates readers about our history and culture throug"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
" : Was wondering where the Opposition got the information Filipino fishermen are being attacked by the Chinese on disputed isla"
"Filipino fishermen urged to avoid Panatag shoal  the meantime! "
" We currently don't have Filipino support, so we hope you don't mind if we reply in English. Just let us k "
"OTOH: it annoying bc I just *know* people mean East Asian and does that imply Asian has become synonymous with Ea "
"Filipino-American basketballer teen starter pack "
"Uno sa Filipino, Tres sa Acctg HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA"
" i always think a response like that is rude, especially if she doesn't even want to TRY it, just a bite "
"Congratuations  and  very succesful episode. Very commendable  ! empowerm "
"Investing to gym: 1,150 a month you get sick in the hospital: 1,000++ a Day.  to get healthy, heal "
" : ..           just dropping down to say    "
"she dating the gangster is probably at the top of my fav filipino films... it broke my heart n made me cry like a baby 10/10"
"The Department of Trade and Industry is actively promoting Filipino brands abroad as more home-grown franchises are "
" u have 0 filipino points"
" : mood for filipino mythology"
" PUTANGINAAAA IK IT'S A FILIPINO SWEAR BUT GOD FUCKING DAMN IT CODYYYYYY YOU DON'T HAVE TO SNAP THAT FKING MUCH"
"Congrats Philippines!!!  was an awesome fireworks show!!!  proud to be a Filipino!!!"
"mood for filipino mythology"
"Saudi, Chinese (srsly??? ), Filipino, Sudanese, Indian, Indonesian.  arabian  "
" : MNL 48 made a Filipino song sounf jpop. Pwedeng ost ng anime. Never thought that was possible. Straight tagalog pa ha."
"i have NOT eaten a bunch of filipino food for months and it driving me crazy"
" i clearly get your point amang however i don't think you are making a good argumentative point here. and "
" : Everyday struggles of a filipino commuter. "
"Can you build muscle on Keto? #fitness #keto #ketodiet #ketogenicdiet #ketolife #pinoyhunk #pinoy #Filipino"
"Filipino moms: up at the airport 4 hours early and complaining about not being able to do anything during t "
"6. Be prepared dahil gagawa ng research na Filipino."
" Toxic Filipino mentality. Keep glowing parts. Ayg padala nila "
" I particularly keen on stories by Filipino authors that educates readers about our history and cult "
" This one filipino dude bruhhh hahaha buang kaayo siya"
" : Yamyam is my big winner not because he is poor but because he is a dreamer, a friend (to all esp Fumiya), a kuya (to Lou)"
"  Yes another filipino stay  "
"  LOL. Just spend some money and support Filipino films. :)"
"3Rius Design Innovation lab is seeking to develop a startup exchange program between Canada and Philippines for hig "
". Hi ate leila, nakilala ko to kay kuya kirk ihh HAHAHA ka filipino club ko to at tsaka may pinangako d "
" I was just gonna say this white girl said she didn't wanna eat the filipino food my friend and i made b "
" Dm ahah"
"  I'm a Filipino and the Spaniards did worst to our country. For 333 years they didn't "
"Kim Youngdae describing jin's intense eyes reminds me of that filipino bts cover group who met bts and said that ji "
" That terrible. I saw an FB post from a Filipino couple promoting this place. Need to verify if this "
"Moments that I can't forget in PBB First Adult Batch with Fumi (A thread) Filipino story am readi "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"   This is why people are just fed up. Look at this title. White Woman identifies as "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
" I also a small part chinese but I usually just say I Filipino for convenience haha"
"I feel like I need to have a daily reminder tweet to announce that I British Filipino because everyone is always "
"I agree! Duterte is not the Philippines, but the Filipino people is. "
"Ang posters ay hindi dapat lalampas sa 3 x 2 feet at bawal ipaskil o idikit kung saan-saan lang!   #Discipline p "
"A confession that'll prolly get my Filipino card revoked "
" woi adik what this tsktsk"
"Tangnang Filipino yan hahahaha "
"Went to a wake with workmates... and as per Filipino tradition, went to  before going home With non stop l "
" Ahh Juri rin ba yung name nung isa? Eto yung referee nung semifinals eh. Yung green ang buhok. Juri "
" : Last January 24, 2019, I organized : An Astronomy Quiz Show, which is an astronomy and physics quiz bee for loca"
" :  For one, the stories should be universal stories written by Filipino authors. Representation starts with more a"
" sa pinakita kabutihan ni FUMIYA  sa loob ng BNK mas masarap pa maging kaibigan Sya kaysa kapwa filipino hal "
" For one, the stories should be universal stories written by Filipino authors. Representation starts w "
" Wow. I can understand though more thank half my moots are filipino jsjsjs you guys run this fandom "
" The chinoys are filipino at heart the president is a chinese puppet"
" i already watch it. i can't wait for next episodes. we (filipino) lovesss our krung krung dara so much "
"grabe din ang mentality. Fumiya is a Japanese who gave way for a FILIPINO, sacrificing his own dream. "
"naay mga woke filipino teenagers na angsty and punk rock na feeling chuy sa ilang sarcasm but they just sound so dumb :/"
" : As a matter of fact Aetas preserve what has been long forgotten,THE FILIPINO CULTURE!!!!! WAKE UP PO PHILIPPINES DISCRIMINATION"
"Chang you can ask me if you want to understand some filipino words y'know."
"best Filipino horror movie raw e"
" Find wherever the  truck is for Filipino fusion. Get the Cali pork burrito. Promise it lik "
"   Somebody who can't even do basic Filipino calls somebody bobo? Okay sis "
" : Nakakatawa no, kasi sobrang hype natin pag may nanalong Filipino sa show sa ibang bansa. May pa #PinoyPride pa.  you"
"Nakakagalit. Simple lang naman yung kailangan/hinihingi nila pero bakit hindi natin mapagbigyan? I just hope that t "
" : how similar are we?  - brown eyes  - multi fandom - short - filipino - crackhead - ca"
"Minsan nahihirapan talaga ako sa mga Filipino pronouns...  madalas iniisip Ko na ang Ikaw... Akin "
"Chinese workers vs Filipino workers. Talo ang Pinoy sa sariling bansa "
"1st in filipino quiz bee in math quiz bee  in science quiz bee in tle quiz bee in english quiz bee "
"Your Filipino Card has been revoked..chos! "
" Don recall the Filipino flag tying its shoelaces...but there you go."
" Mucha suerte a hierro y a ganar si marca el filipino mejor "
"As a matter of fact Aetas preserve what has been long forgotten,THE FILIPINO CULTURE!!!!! WAKE UP PO PHILIPPINES DISCRIMINATION AIN RIGHT!"
" FILIPINO HAHAHAHHAHAHA MYGHASH"
"If you're an avid fan of a Horror Movie is a MUST watch a good plot. No corny scene nor magical fiction "
"That Filipino kid from Journey be looking at Reeves Gabrels like whaaaaaaaaaaa? #RockHall2019"
"Ihhhh makahiya talaga yung kanina! Gusto ko sana sabihin sa harap.  amigos my name is norliah salic a filipino "
"I'm not really into PINOY horror movies but this one really hits the spot.. A must watch.. Step up for Filipino hor "
"wala pa ko nagagawa sa filipino myghad"
"Road to kdramas, foreign and filipino movies this vacation!!"
" : We should honor #CesarChavez along with the Filipino workers like #LarryItliong who joined the movement for #fairworking"
"Sila ang tunay na Filipino#MMKBusilakNaKorona"
" : Filipino governor, senate candidate falsely claims to have graduated from [Princeton] U.://t.co/gfLxTKQBSI(The Da"
"SHOUTOUT TO ALL MY FILIPINO ARMYS OUT THERE YALL GOTTA SEE THIS  "
"Totoo pala talagang may discrimination sa filipino to filipino. #MMKBusilakNaKorona"
"Did you know filipino shortbread is amazing"
" Wow Filipino ARMY and an AU author, no, haha I mean maraming cracked au sa twitter, involving famous BangTan ships"
"Either FanFics or if you filipino, suggest me filipino, taglish books. Thank you"
"Ansarap sa puso ng mga taong mag rerecommend sayo ng music mula sa mga di sikat or underrated na artist na filipino boi thank youu!!"
" Haha toxic Filipino culture"
"What your nationality  Nationality is British and ethnicity is Filipino "
" : This is a story a half-Filipino family, with pure Filipino family values!  Watch #FamiliaBlondina in US theaters start"
" : Sana #MMKBusilakNaKorona ay maging leksyon sa atin na regardless of what race or color of skin do we have we are the same FIL"
"Big Brother: Thank you for loving the Filipino culture even though... Pakinggan ang kabuuan ng kanyang mensahe ka "
" history of the filipino people"
" : icon commissions: 1$ only but u can pay more if u want lol. (if ur filipino its ok if u give me like 45 pesos skksks)"
"okay guys .... ako din nagcheat dati. it was for our filipino hw and more than 8 of us had to post up bc one of our "
"Fuck toxic filipino culture!"
" :   You also missed that I'm a Filipino dual national, which is okay because I don't expect omnipot"
" : Toxic Filipino Parents Mindset: sinabi mo yung nararamdaman mo kapag pinagsasabihan ka, ibig sabihin sumasagot ka na."
"Filipinas: Lei da Medicina Tradicional e Alternativa  1997 o pres Fidel Ramos transformou o Programa de Medicina "
" : The family that laughs together, stays together forever!  Isama na ang buong pamilya (big or small) at manood ng family"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"So yooown see you on Tuesday pips lezzgoo Rb Filipino !!!"
"upon rumination, i think pinoypunk sounds better, and has more cultural relevance to it, but the exactness of filip "
"filipino nurses work their asses off waayyy harder than any of ya doctors "
"pack this filipino culture. Basin diayg naa pay mu palit"
" singing sensation of the 1980s Lilet performing the local version of her hit  People. Coke comme "
"READ | The Bureau of Fisheries and Aquatic Resources advise local fishermen to avoid the Scarborough shoal for the "
" Your posts crack me up - because I understand both the English and Filipino ones. "
"4. i dony really listen to mainstream/filipino songs so when i save a filipino or a mainstream song that means it's "
" Uhmm. Yeah? I guess so. Hahaha pero uy maganda sya for a Filipino horror movie "
" : wAIT bts composer that produced jk euphoria helped produce inigo pascual collaboration song ?? SHET MY FILIPINO ASS IS"
" hala di ako nakikinig sa filipino nung jhs kumakain lang ako sa likod sori mam"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
" That would be epic! In general, Filipino gods and goddesses have been ignored in fiction. I have a fe "
" yes yes im talking about filipino uwu thank you for the information!! im just curious sajjksajksa"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"omg meron na pala old filipino movies sa netflix "
" It's a Filipino word btw"
" : 181006 DAY6 1ST WORLD TOUR: YOUTH IN MANILA [TRANSCRIBED] commemorate day6's first concert in the philippines, here's a"
" : I'm Filipino, I'm dark, and I don't care! #MMKBusilakNaKorona"
"Tbh ganito lahat ng filipino parents HAHAHAHA "
" Kaya nga ehh. Ako na rin ang nahihiya sa mga binabash ng mga bashers. Yan talaga ang toxic filipino "
"Great meeting with Cllr  and Amalia, Rina and Desiree from Kettering huge Filipino community to plan so "
"Awareness ito na dapat pantay pantay lahat ang trato sa bawat filipino nakakalungkot lang na sobra ang discriminati "
"Toxic Filipino Parents Mindset: sinabi mo yung nararamdaman mo kapag pinagsasabihan ka, ibig sabihin sumasagot ka na."
"Sana #MMKBusilakNaKorona ay maging leksyon sa atin na regardless of what race or color of skin do we have we are th "
"god tier filipino food: kare kare"
"FILIPINO aral lang ganon masayaaaaa kasi masaya yung nagtuturo kaso next sy, iba na fil teacher niyo kasi la "
" : Am I the only Filipino that likes my steak medium-well?"
"no1: Filipino girl: "
"sarah g be like:'s Queen of Pop Superstar of All Genres+ of the Jingles "
"You think Cagayan de Oro's developments are sleeping? Well, think again. Contact Your Filipino Homes partner today! "
" : Please watch  tonight 8:30pm as Maymay will give us a glimpse of traditional Filipino culture #MMKBusila"
" City: Filipino video game aims to connect players with local mythology "
"So many cool Darna concepts by my fellow Filipino artists! "
"yung mga tao sa bahay representative ata ng toxic filipino culture"
"oi namiss ko filipino . tae napapatagalog tuloy ako ngmedj malalim HAHAHHA"
" : Definitely one of the best Filipino horror films I have watched so far!  Those jump scares though.  #Eerie"
"in Filipino households, it actually not bad when kids are taught to speak in english. its not sosyal or arte, and "
"Filipino woman killed, another injured after being hit by car in Yamagata city "
"Guess who's on the cover of the latest Manila Mail print edition?! This issue features inspiring stories of Filipin "
" : #Eerie is one of the Best Filipino Horror Movie in the Philippines. The Characters especially Bea Alonzo and Charro Santo"
"Eerie is nicely atmospheric, smart, moody, and (somewhat) creepy. A good entry in the list of serious Filipino horr "
"I really wanted to be closer to him. But I am pretty unsure if my feelings are real unless it's tested. Last time I "
"One of the things I hate the most about this whole  family culture is that aspect of  na loob "
"I'm a filipino army. I need friends "
" : Yung feeling na gusto mo ng lumabas ng cinema sa sobrang takot.  a typical filipino horror movie for me. #EERIEweeken"
"TOXIC FILIPINO MINDSET::Pag nanahimik ka, guilty ka.:Pero pag pinaglaban mo sarili mo, defensive ka."
"Its my first time haha  neeeh!#lssbuwan  #justlookintomyeyes #tiktok #tiktokfever #saturday "
" The folklore of the Majapahit Empire and mythology of India! For Filipino folklore, the 3 daughters o "
"english or filipino?  both "
"filipino rap songs never go out of style."
" Mas better yung magiging teacher niyo sa filipino next s.y."
" :  coast guard regularly intimidate Filipino fishermen://t.co/6UFhLVg3Jw"
"Yes! Stay tuned for my post about Larry! He was a great leader, along w/ the other Filipino farmworker leaders who "
" : Is kilig all there is to a love team success?  John Lloyd and Bea Alonzo are the Philippines' kilig royalty htt"
" : Can Mayors Save the Philippines Coasts? part of  #VibrantOceans Initiative, Rare is working with Fil"
" IF Y ARE PROUD TO BE FILIPINO THEN OMG RAISE YOUR HANDS UP HIGH RN BECAUSE TBH THIS IS A BLESSING. PERIOD."
"Case vs Chinese president can spur Filipino resistance - Philippine Star "
"Thank you  and  .  #pinoy #asian #filipino #philippines #gay #follow #love "
"Revisiting a favorite place to eat some classic Filipino food.  Actually boycotted this place for almost 5 years du "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
" : Ata are still filipino we should accept them for what and who they are#MMKBusilakNaKorona"
" : Kuya's message to Fumiya Even though you were born Japanese, you really have the heart of a Filipino. "
"Its my first time haha  neeeh!#lssbuwan  #justlookintomyeyes #tiktok #tiktokfever #saturday "
" BAT GINAWA NIYO KONG FILIPINO PROF?, to make it more simple,  is a pronoun. For example:  "
"he was the first Chinese Filipino I fall in love with"
"  You also missed that I'm a Filipino dual national, which is okay because I don't expec "
"Reconnected with fellow  and other Filipino US  during tonight's #USPHExchanges Alumni "
" Cliche and generic tas typical filipino horror film sabi nila havent watched it tho"
"I need a Filipino teen gay film!!!"
"Jan: Basahon nako ang letter ha katung kay Bonifacio... Mahal kong Oryang, mali ka.: ...: Mali ba means wr "
"LOOK: Ilang personalidad ng  at , tumanggap ng parangal sa Gawad Filipino Awards. | via "
"  THIS IS WHY DANY IS MY FAVORITE OF THE DANY/DANI'S AND NOT BECAUSE SHES FILIPINO"
"Definitely Filipino! I dream of the day we get a feminist aswang story "
"bakit... bakit wala ako?... sinasabi ko na nga ba! di ako filipino "
"I'm Filipino, I'm dark, and I don't care! #MMKBusilakNaKorona"
"Idk if it is a filipino thing pero mas masakit ang makarinig ng ganitong bagay sa mga mas malapit sayo.  please "
" : Marvel Wave designer wants Angel Locsin to portray the Water Warrior.-Leinil Yu, the Filipino artist who designed Ma"
"Traditional Filipino Games or Indigenous Games Laro ng Lahi Batang 90 DOLCE Maria Dudda   Duration: 3:17.  "
"4) Now that we've talked about your fave myths and legends, what other particular myths, legends, or folk tales - w "
" As an environmentalist, are you willing to give hope for the filipino inventors to contribute somethin "
" : Another milestone for LouDre. They are just starting but they already made it BIG this 2019 according to Ms. Elyse Ilagan"
" : Ilang personalidad ng  at , tumanggap ng parangal sa Gawad Filipino Awards. | via "
"lil bro (who openly gay): *singing dalagang filipina*: mali naman yan, dapat lalaking filipino yeah "
"Toxic Filipino Belief:   Pag nag boyfriend ka mabubuntis ka agad"
"Shout out to da real band former FILIPINO PROF MA QUIORE HAHAHAHAHAHA"
"Happy Birthday Pap  love you   La Fiesta Largest Filipino Buffet "
" SHE IS!!! she also owned by a Filipino lady "
" : para sa filipino grade namen "
"mas dama talaga yung mga salita pag purong filipino"
"Mabuhay ang mga Filipino WWII Veterans!! "
"so does every filipino family have a tita named  and a tito named ?"
"I crying at how low the Filipino humor has become  Mumshie got my vote "
"para sa filipino grade namen "
"how similar are we?   - (dark)brown eyes  - ot7 - '02 liner - multilingual (2 languages) "
"corni naming corni diring dapita manan aw mig filipino movies maoy-maoy ba"
"kaya pala matagal fireworks ng Philippines kase filipino time nga pala.."
"We Filipino should be the first influencer to Respect Aeta's as first people in Philippines.#Respectisthe#NoToDiscrimination"
" : For Agriculture Attache Dr. Josyline Javelosa, the opportunity to harness the relationship between stakeholders in the Americas"
"For Agriculture Attache Dr. Josyline Javelosa, the opportunity to harness the relationship between stakeholders in "
" : Watching mmk made me realize how aetas are blessed with having a contented mindset and strong personalities. Sad how th"
" : Filipino time #MMKBusilakNaKorona"
"Social Studies at Filipino lang naman problema ko sa notes hehe :/"
"My bestfriend is so impossible, yall! Listen up! She wants her baby daddy to be black and her son to be white. She is a pure filipino btw :)"
" : Ang Rappler hindi daw 100% Filipino owned? Yung nasa Malacanan po ba 100% pinoy ba ang nagpapalakad? "
" GO ATE LOIS IBANDERA MO ANG WATAWAT NG FILIPINO MAYS"
" Exactly 13 years ago I bought a VHS copy from a Filipino website and posted what was probably the firs "
"how similar are we? -long black hair-dog lover-filipino-wears eyeglasses-taehyung s "
"oof taken na pala so uhm 14 pages in filipino it is :c halp"
"Maymay gave justice to her role. I'm proud of our Aeta brothers and Sisters bcs of their hardwork. Tbh, marami akon "
"day6 is still my shit  saket ng lyricz nila i swear if they wrote songs in english or filipino sikat sila dito sa "
"PLEASE NAMAN LAHAT NG FILIPINO ARMYS LABAS LABAS KAYO I WANT TO HAVE FRIEENNNDDSSSSS PLEASEEEE LABYU OL"
"toxic filipino men culture: tunay kang lalake kapag nakatira ka na ng babae and that putangina"
" : I just want to say good morning to all my Filipino kings. "
" True!!  mas worse na rin siguro yung mga taong malapit sayo, sila pa yung sisira sa confidence m "
"Cirineo, Jowell Jr. C in Mathematics  in Science in English  in Araling Panlipunan in Filipino"
"Who afraid of Filipino farmers?  the same one who afraid of addicts  homeless "
"siszt i cant digest 14 pages of readings in filipino in time to make a ppt and report on monday i just cant ,,, san "
" : 12 more hours till this!! See you all ay the #EnlightenmentBlogTour chat, wherr we'll be discussing Filipjno myths and le"
"filipino! "
" : The true essence  of being a tomasian scientist is to help the Philippines'  economy through SCIENCE. With this we filip"
"Ngayon ko lang narealize kung gaano dinadown ng kapwa Filipino ang mga aeta.#justiceforaeta#notodiscrimination#judithmanap#beautyqueen"
"Toxic filipino culure."
"SUHA XctN Punishers' Jamesy surprises everyone with a stellar performance with classic Filipino meta Dota 2 mid-lan "
"Ata are still filipino we should accept them for what and who they are#MMKBusilakNaKorona"
" : PUTA PANOORIN NYO YUNG #EERIE  BEST FILIPINO HORROR FILM SO FAR!"
" : The black skin is not a badge of shame, but rather a glorious of native Filipino greatness! Laban, Judith Manap!#MMKBusi"
"Ilang personalidad ng  at , tumanggap ng parangal sa Gawad Filipino Awards. | via "
"for a filipino horror film, i think eerie did a great job!"
"WAIT SO DUDEPARECHONGS ARE THE FILIPINO VERSIONS OF DUDEBROS DKSKSKS OMG"
"  Don't you find it odd that filipinos have difficulties with the f sound but it's in their co "
"Congrats, bebe iosh're so proud of you Arlanza Mark Allen Arlanza Vhie Maranan#GraduationDay "
"Not a fan of English poems but am a fan of Filipino poems. I can express my literary skills better in Filipino #HealthXPH"
" : Filipino woman killed, another injured after being hit by car in Yamagata city "
" In the Philippines, once they know you are a kpop fan, people will think that you're not proud of Filipino "
"Craving isaw  Miss some Filipino street food #isaw #streetfood #Philippines #bbq #manila"
" : Hay nako filipino moviess, sooo predictable"
"  I met a Mayo man in Wexford, years ago - had married a foreign wife - think Filipino - l "
"so uhm 14 page reading on a topic i find very interesting but in filipino or 12 page reading on a topic slightly le "
"We should honor #CesarChavez along with the Filipino workers like #LarryItliong who joined the movement for "
"Filipino woman killed, another injured after being hit by car in Yamagata city "
"Watching mmk made me realize how aetas are blessed with having a contented mindset and strong personalities. Sad ho "
" : Maybe, Filipino films aren that bad after all. There were some but there were nice talaga. Especially #Eerie "
" : Filipino-Chinese Amateur Athletics Federation division C long jump record broken by  "
" ill have u know im filipino"
"toxic filipino family culture?  as a child is having to hold back your tongue and having to  swallow your feelings "
" : Asia's Got Talent finalist  returned on board the Wish Bus and rendered her originally-penned track Laro-Laro, O"
"Ambaba naman ng Filipino"
" : Wow. Sobrang haba ng episode nila na to. May hinihintay rin po kami. Kahit kailan talaga, filipino time. Huhu#MMKBusilakN"
"Toxic Filipino culture: kapag di ka na nakakapagprovide ng pera sa pamilya, wala ka nang kwenta , but it's true."
"I like collecting paper bags, plastics, etc. like a typical Filipino mom, but I never thought it would be like th "
"Filipino woman killed, another injured after being hit by car in Yamagata city "
"toxic filipino culture?  yung hindi man lang nila inisip yung effort mo, ang tinitignan lang nila is yung outcome "
"after watching tonights #MMKBusilakNaKorona i hope every filipino will stop the discrimination."
"Filipino need to know the word equality#MMKBusilakNaKorona"
" : STOP BEING PAVICTIM GIRL COZ WE ALL NOW NA TIGANG KA TALAGA SA S*X  dami mong alam ah*know (mag filipino ka na lang kase"
" w.. wait, are you filipino?"
"What are your favorite songs?  English : radio gaga, I want to break free, Lucy in the sky with diamonds "
"Eerie is soooo so good for a filipino horror movie"
"  sorry maluya ak ha filipino"
" : Inigo Pascual (A Filipino Actor) together with WENGIE (A YouTuber with 13M+ subscribers) has been working with a BTS compose"
"Whow! Ang cool nang history nang family namen sa family namen yung first Filipino na nagkaroon nang American citizenship !!!"
" Filipino fishermen: "
"toxic filipino culture; kahit walang kwenta."
" Are you a filipino?"
" The heels are cheating. Gotta lay the foot flat THEN you got yourself the Filipino pose."
" ayoko yung filipino style masyadong matamis"
" : Pero nakakatuwa rin duamadami kapwa Filipino na open minded about skin complexion#MMKBusilakNaKorona  MMKniJudith"
"star anal lesbien sex vidoes www muslimgirlsnude sports nude pictures naked filipino boys in toronto tube "
"Try the best Southeastasian favorite dishes in Cebu only at  's good at Azia? Check my blog post he "
" : 9pm daw start ng Philippines, 9:15 na waley pa din. Well.... filipino time "
" Uy Filipino"
" : filipino at science grades ko talaga sa 4th quarter yung sobrang papalpak :))"
"Muli naman pinaalalahanan ni Pialago ang mga pedestrians na napakadelikado ang hindi pagtawid sa tamang tawiran.   "
"The true essence  of being a tomasian scientist is to help the Philippines'  economy through SCIENCE. With this we "
"Yung kahit concert Filipino time "
"Pero nakakatuwa rin duamadami kapwa Filipino na open minded about skin complexion#MMKBusilakNaKorona  MMKniJudith"
" Yun talaga yung pinakamahirap na gawan.  Pero kumpara sa ibang Filipino horror films angat naman siya. "
"9pm daw start ng Philippines, 9:15 na waley pa din. Well.... filipino time "
"Panganay | Bunso at Pizza Hut.  #pinoy #asian #filipino #philippines #gay #follow #love #instagood "
"Toxic Filipino culture? Yung icocompare ka ng parents mo sa ibang tao... Like magaling din naman ako ah, wala lang talaga kayong pakealam."
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"panira yung Filipino putek "
"More than half of Filipino drivers stupid, says Sotto "
"you know shit's real when  starts speaking in filipino hhhhhh "
" : I never really liked Filipino urban legens because I so scared of them. Elderlies would scare me of them  but hmmmn"
"binatang filipino yea "
"Filipino inventors really need to be recognized by our country. 2019 na sana tayo naman ang frontier pagdating sa larangan ng teknolohiya."
"Has everyone acknowledged that this is a white Filipino puppy? It's basically me.  "
" Calendar Girl by Stars-up: in the Moonlight by Toploader Will by The Beatles Univ "
"Not kpop related but im so proud of the filipino tribes in our country. Their idendity, beliefs, uniqueness, and su "
" : Dalagitong filipino yeahhh "
"SGE, MAGTAGALOG NA TAYO SIMULA NGAYON, NAUUBUSAN NA AKO NG english  OOMF IM NOT GOOD AT FILIPINO Y CAN TEACH M "
"I never really liked Filipino urban legens because I so scared of them. Elderlies would scare me of them  but hm "
" : Slim is beautiful. Fair is lovely. Sadly, these dictate the Filipino mindset.#MMKBusilakNaKorona"
"I wonder if I can rescue a Filipino women by marrying her"
" wonder if the term Filipino is accepted as an adjective worldwide."
"Dalanang Filipino yeah"
"#MMKBusilakNaKorona  level of racism"
"Slim is beautiful. Fair is lovely. Sadly, these dictate the Filipino mindset.#MMKBusilakNaKorona"
"Duterte is using his office to keep his relationship with the Chinese intact at the expense of the Filipino people."
"Four sisters and a wedding is the best filipino movie of all time. And of the tweet"
"SOBRANG BASURA TALAGA NG UGALI NG IBANG FILIPINO. WHY DAFAQ ARE U LIKE DAT??????"
"2) Enlightenment by  is all about old Filipino urban legends and horror. Which Filipino monster or scary s "
" :  I can disagree even being Filipino. Numerous family members have said that if my son were gay they would "
"xorih i cant understand filipino naknam puta gandang baklang pangalan von"
"Hanabishi and Fujidenzo have a Japanese company name but they not a Japanese company. They purely Filipino company."
"In observing Earth Hour, the Climate Change Commission calls on all public and private sector stakeholders and on "
" : my Filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 |"
"charot lang need ko pa mag submit ng research sa filipino and pa sign pa clearance on monday"
"Revisiting Bonifacio- modern Filipino food. Kumain ka na ba? Buns, bok choy, birds, beef &amp; more. . Everyone else w "
"       "
" : I, Khryztel Faustine C. Catudio of Humanities and Social Sciences is now a SHS graduate of San Isidro College SY 2018-19."
" filipino horror story pare"
"not to flex but two of my most useless skills are i can spot a filipino on the internet just by seeing the way they "
"nakaka addict yung part na Filipino ni james reid sa filipina girl "
"NIKKI REACTS: ASTRO - BABY (FILIPINO REACTION VIDEO) "
"favorite food?  i like a lot except filipino stuff :&lt;&lt; surri "
"In my opinion, the solution starts with individual, us, Filipino. There's no diversity in showbiz kasi yung minorit "
"I think I have the only Filipino mom that has told me not to be a nurse "
" I smell Filipino Ed Sheeran story "
"The #EnlightenmentBlogTour Twitter chat is starting up! We'll be talking about Filipino myths and legends and Filip "
"Filipino session-ish"
" :  Ok ang sanicare, Filipino brand na world class"
"Kaloka talaga ang Filipino time. Nakakahiya lalo na kina Cheche.#AcesLiveAtAraneta"
"august 2018 performance task tayo sa filipino wkwkwk rin 'yung first pic natin 20, 2018 monthsa "
" Aj...la respuesta est en Alem, Filipino, Afrikaans, Samoano y Fiyiano..."
"El Legan filipino://t.co/UTCz2sqiMP"
"What are your favorite songs?  sa ngayon bet ko yung filipino rap "
"As an environmentalist, are you willing to give hope for the filipino inventors to contribute something for our env "
"Ikaw na ang pinaka na dalaga sakung mata na ang pinaka  na dalaga ohh akin ka  Music:97 "
"Mag tagog sekreto masuko mag tug'an ug tinuod di mutuo masuko pa, fuck this filipino culture!!!"
"Toxic Filipino attitude at my sister's graduation practice was amongst the nanay and tatay's"
" I a Filipino but  i haven been there.  I wanna go there. "
"Looking forward to this new mysterious Filipino heroine named Wave on Marvel comic world. "
"'Child sex tourism': Perth man jailed for 11 years for molesting Filipino girl overseas "
" :   Yon oh! So whats the reason why Kuya let fumiya to join in pbb kung d siya pwedeng maging big winne"
"Selling my 2 vip seated tix!Can avail one lang naman:)dm me if interested: Extra tix PH (FILIPINO/A) STAYS "
"how similar are we?  - brown eyes  - multi fandom - short - filipino - crackhead "
"The point is not to diminish the greatness of the aforementioned, but to recognize the equal heroism and sacrifice "
"Somehow, history has footnoted the extensive narrative of Marcelo H. Del Pilar as the most vigorous propagandist i "
"One mistake and people will judge you. Filipino toxicity "
"One of toxic filipino culture is when a couple breaks up at ung babae umiyak ung lalaki nalang lagi masama sa panan "
"how similar are we?  - brown eyes  - multi fandom - short - filipino - crackhead "
"henlooo I want to get closer with more filipino stans so rt/ like to be included in a filipino multifandom stan gc "
"Nakatapos sana ako ng isa pang episode. Sabi kasi 8:30 e. Tsk. Pero sige, let's be patient. Ewan ba sa Filipino tim "
" : i love how may traditional filipino games this year aaa sarap balikan yung kabataan nung wala pa akong pinoproblema sa schoo"
"Wow. Sobrang haba ng episode nila na to. May hinihintay rin po kami. Kahit kailan talaga, filipino time. Huhu "
"Toxic Filipino "
" filipino time"
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 | "
" toxic filipino culture?"
"Filipino time #MMKBusilakNaKorona"
":.: `.  Park Junghyun aka Xiyeon! park junghyun rp acc 20001114 vlogger!au affiliated with "
" Aj...la respuesta est en Alem, Filipino, Afrikaans, Samoano y Fiyiano."
" I failed a lot more mods than you though "
"my current fav hero filipino is daniel padilla  Aww"
"it's 6am and i just got back home from chatting with friends about what could've been had we made our own filipino "
" : What Kind Of Filipino Traveler Are You? karvictoriano (buzzfeed)#DADDYSGURLCOOLamSummer#MaineMendoza htt"
" : I know that Filipino the rice is their life,but us is wrong having rice everyday.#MMKBusilakNaKorona  MMKniJud"
" HAHSHSHSHAHHAHAA GITUYO NAKO NA DI FILIPINO AFHCDBABA GOOO"
" Truth  Gen Ed filipino besh, Yung filipino jusko hahahahahahahaha "
"Bobo daw ako sa english, syempre naman filipino ako eh."
"eerie is the best filipino horror movie so far"
"Kahit palabas sa tv filipino time na rin. Hahaha I kennat!#MMKBusilakNaKorona  MMKniJudith"
"I just want to say good morning to all my Filipino kings. "
" : The US has a popular export: journalist bashing. A week after President Trump called the New York Times and CNN 'fake news,'"
"  Erin, same! She calls me  which is child in filipino. And said she was sad when "
" Like the recent motorcycle protest rally, only when the government policies violates their way of l "
" Filipino Time...char. hahahaha#MMKBusilakNaKorona"
"Australian paedophile, 61, who raped Filipino girl, 5, is jailed "
"not to be locally political on main hypmic is filipino and the context is political sides this coming election "
"   I am proud of these boys for becoming the country's youngest sold-ou "
" Ate, four sisters and a wedding huhu the best kaso hirap magdl ng filipino movies"
" Din* HAHAHA bobo ako sa filipino hahaha"
"CREBZ CYCLE is now claiming the stage and owning the spotlight with their amazing performance of Bohemian Rhapsody "
"So ayun let's look into the hypocritical side of Filipinos  (And like sa research hehez)The Defence "
"40. filipino-chinese"
"Let us vote people who really have platforms for our country and the Filipino people.#MarchForPH "
"   Patriarchal society? Have you met filipino moms? "
"MALL OF ASIA, PASAY MANILA PHILIPPINES, The Filipino Shopping Mall are I... "
"Raglan, New Zealand : Racist abuse shouted at Filipino fishermen  "
"  Mahal (in filipino) "
" You will never succeed in your advocacy to unify the Filipino people if you still don't know that the "
"PUTA PANOORIN NYO YUNG #EERIE  BEST FILIPINO HORROR FILM SO FAR!"
" : naiyak ako bigla sa filipino putangina talaga veh"
"Thank you  for sending me a copy of PATRON SAINTS OF NOTHING by RANDY RIBAY!-- powerful comi "
"Sana mkatulong ang episode na to magmulat sa maraming mkanood na wala sa kulay ang worth ng isang tao. Tayo pare pa "
"fav subject  Recess ug lunch, char lang Math ug Filipino akong favorite subjects "
" Do you believe that President Duterte has improved the plight of the Filipino masses?"
"The saddest thing I've noticed so far with how most of the Filipino youth reacts to certain issues, is how they onl "
"Where are you from? What languages do you speak? (For me:, English and very very little nihongo)   engl "
"Filipino-Japanese friendship park "
"It is the right and it is the obligation of every filipino to speak against any government they feel is not taking "
"i honestly do not find myself as a good filipino writer but this one struck a chord within me: cant think strai "
"Filipino fishermen urged to avoid Panatag shoal  the meantime | "
" : To the Filipino Catholics, do you want the future administration to continue mocking your faith? Will you tolerate governme"
" : filipino time hahaha#MMKBusilakNaKorona MMKniJudith"
"Sana naman wag ako mapilitan lumipat at mag major in filipino. Di ko alam pano gamitin ang ng at nang. Feeling k "
"Yo I only learning bahasa right now, Filipino for another time WKWKEK"
"i remember when my mom and i walked in to national book store during my birthday a year ago just to see what i can "
"filipino time hahaha#MMKBusilakNaKorona MMKniJudith"
"  that represents a miniscule percentage of the filipino population"
"Chinese  Rican "
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 | "
"Not into Filipino horror movies pero feel nko nice ang Eerie hmm"
"i love how may traditional filipino games this year aaa sarap balikan yung kabataan nung wala pa akong pinoproblema "
"Suspense    klase na talaga Filipino movies ngayon!!! #Eerie"
"what is the filipino term of purple? ube!  HAHHAHAHAHAHAHA"
"Next coning on josocerasmustve #shooting #director #madrid #rtve #report #filipino #life #work #happy #sun #la2  M "
" : filipino carpenters deserve to see the singular tour too!! #SaveSingularTourManila"
"Pila naku ka years sigeg atubang sa Computer ug ang akong na obserbahan, daghan jud kaayong mga tao nga dali ra mai "
" omg... you filipino???"
"chating site porn rollcar free sexy model nude filipino white women fucking black man naked girl and boys "
" I can teach you Filipino and English"
"Where my filipino barbz at?!! Where our gc?! "
"Ka daghan ba sa grupo sa sts sa filipino sa ethis.. !"
"  Tama na ang panloloko mo Lolo Johnny. Hindi ka pa ba nasiyahan sa mga ninakaw mo s "
"Nature itself is the best physician. -Hippocrates to help build the country through holistic healthcare "
"Signature ba ng mga Filipino dancers yung umiiyak habang sumasayaw?"
" : Pag sinabing 8pm, 9pm talaga yan. Filipino time eh. Haha. Yung Aces sa Davao 9pm na yun.#TheAcesAtAraneta"
" kung sino sino na topic natin sa gc HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA pero filipino:68!"
"PATI EAH HOUR SA PILIPINAS FILIPINO TIME!!!!!!"
" : Awards received by BIG4 -worthy man, OhMyGass award, hold hold award, -Proud of Ya Fumiya, spiritual"
"The best Asian cuisine in order: Vietnamese, Filipino, Thai, Korean, Middle East, Chinese, Japanese, Indian."
"I thought mum was crying so i ran to her room to check if everything was OK and she was just laughing hysterically "
"toxic filipino culture: of accepting their flaws and changing their ways, they are either denying it or tr "
" non filo mutuals, when people speak english instead of your native language, do y'all also say my nose is bleedi "
"What are your favorite songs?  Madami eh filipino songs and korean songs "
"Aren't you filipino? Can you speak tagalog mayhaps  yes nagtatagalog po ako mga mamser "
"Ang pa KOREAN chuchuness sa filipino hahahaha pala ihhhh "
" : #AngHulingElBimbo2019 is a musical that tells the story of the Filipino. It's back for another year, and the cast tells"
"A Filipino action film you definitely shouldn't miss! the badass and hardcore #MARIAmovie! Now showing in ci "
"To all the Filipino Carpenters who bought the upgrade package: show in manila for Singular Tour is canceled, a "
" : This year's senatorial election, I pray that every Filipino will vote for the people who have an objective of saving our cou"
" Good.. So that we, Filipino's understand well... to visit Philippines also sir..."
" wala sad. wa gae ko kasabot kay filipino imong tubag HAJAJAJAJSHSHAHAHSHAHAHSHSJSKSMSSKSKSKS"
" : to those who don't know,, i'm a filo once and i want to speak filipino here sometimes but i'm afraid that i'll sound conyo"
" I feel you.  I am not filipino buut I am amused knowing what it means "
"Panelo: May magagawa ba tayo? Palace says of reported harassment of Filipino fishers in Scarborough Shoal.: So "
" : "
"hala ga straight2 jud kog watch filipino movies ay HAHAHAHAHAHA"
"filipino food is sooooo underrated how are you gonna tell me you never had bangus for breakfast bro "
"Here's a really teachable piece by a Filipino composer with lots of tasty chromaticism! "
" You think with how he didn really get the majority of the Filipino vote, na yung mga hindi bumoto "
"Accounting or Filipino? HAHA  accounting nala hehe "
"       si si lo s.. si inclu "
"   Who do you think will trust you again after you did the crime against "
"Nung elem ako sa math subject lang talaga ako nageexcel, tas bubu ako sa filipino at english. Ngayon bubu nako sa m "
"every filipino ever: *pretends to be shocked* "
" I'm a Filipino feel free to ask "
"Wait for me..........#philippines #pinoy #pilipinas #filipino #travelph #beach "
"Filipino fishermen advised by BFAR to avoid the Scarborough (Panatag) shoal  the meantime amid reports that Fi "
"May amoy kandela: MAY MULTO!"
"   Tsk, Tsk another Duterte tactics to divert Filipino attention to the rea "
" hindi na raw po ipupublish yung filipino na dyaryo tapos po ang centerfold po ay hindi na si tuyan. ab "
"Enjoyed Filipino food with family.  again tito Relly &amp; tito Scott! to your performance Sum "
" : One of the biggest liars in the Philippines, having fooled millions of Filipino social media users into believing Dutert"
" Epal din si kuya  Filipino naman talaga eh. Kapag sikat na sa ibang bansa at tska sasabihin Proud Filipino here !"
"and MY filipino mom when she was pregnant|               ||               ||                | "
" No...but I am a lover and fan of all things filipino....especially pinays lol"
"Shit kaayo para nako ning close family ties nga filipino trait!"
"Twenty years, yet we have more battles to win. For a Maskom that fights not only for the struggles of the students, "
"  BIG NO kaya nga PAMBANSANG BAE yan coz of his meztiso filipino look Ewan mukha ni Vhong sorry #ALDENFanArtsFest"
"to those who don't know,, i'm a filo once and i want to speak filipino here sometimes but i'm afraid that i'll sound conyo hahahahhaa ://"
"ano filipino ng cute?"
"  Oh I didn't realize ur Filipino as well  aren't we still considered intl tho lol I'm "
" : Wait for me.........#philippines #pinoy #pilipinas #filipino #travelph #beach #itsmorefuninthephilippines #mobileph"
" : Toxic Filipino culture: manipulates your career choice"
" : Duterte arrests journalist yet again. () "
"im watching Monsta X allugator mv tapos di ko napansin filipino yung sub hahaha omg the translation lol sobrang akma talaga"
" de pa late tayo filipino 1st sub eh HSHAHAHA char0t"
" :  Awards received by BIG4 -worthy man, OhMyGass award, hold hold award, -Proud of Ya Fumiya"
"Duterte arrests journalist yet again. () "
" ur influencing the filipino people ma say aluminium the right way"
"did y'all know that University of the Immaculate Conception in filipino is Pamantasang Imaculada Conception"
"21. I can speak English ofc, Italian, Filipino, a little bit of Spanish and I'm learning Japanese when I have time"
"daming iqquiz sa filipino"
"'Child sex tourism': Perth man jailed for 11 years for molesting Filipino girl overseas "
" :  She broke the law not once but thrice. Are you saying just because she's a journalist, she's above our laws? Wh"
"Wait for me.........#philippines #pinoy #pilipinas #filipino #travelph #beach #itsmorefuninthephilippines "
"Foreigners try FILIPINO BOODLE FIGHT during ISLAND HOPPING in SIARGAO "
"Supposedly, gumagawa ako ng thesis sa filipino. Naumpisahan ko na eh. Tapos may nangdemonyo na kuya ng tropa mo na "
"Oh my God...  filipino fangirl  "
"Sad Filipino Mentality about RELATIONSHIP you are not good looking and you got a beautiful girlfriend. They wil "
" : Links:. Luzon Command: No reports of harassment of Pinoys in Scarborough://t.co/qMwhulJoZx magagawa ba tayo?"
"naiyak ako bigla sa filipino putangina talaga veh"
" Talagang inutil ang gobyernong duterte. Instead na ipaglaban ang karapatan ng mga filipino fishermen sila "
" Filipino time pud ko ugma? "
"'s a tragic musical in the tradition of West Side Story but set in a gorgeous world. Much of the sensibility of "
" : Uy very filipino.  "
"Filipino:69 "
"Eerie is beyond the expectations of a typical filipino made horror movie"
" : THIS RADIATES FILIPINO CULTURE "
"di ko alam kung san aq hihiram ng damit para sa filipino haixt"
" HAYST FILIPINO TIME HAHAHA"
" : Don't give up on the Filipino Wakim #Fant4sticWAKIM"
"The music I've composed seeks to capture the beauty and the violence of the Filipino landscape, which has everythi "
" : It's worth your time to watch Eerie.  isn't the usual Filipino horror film that we associate with. It keeps on provokin"
" : In the Spaces We Mend: Inheriting the Unfinished Narrative of the Filipino Comfort Women runs until April! your friend"
"Maybe, Filipino films aren that bad after all. There were some but there were nice talaga. Especially #Eerie "
"Binatang Filipino "
"Filipino and their crab mentality shit."
" Any link to any news about this, would love to find out how bad your landlord was to give you all your money back"
"buti na lang di ako kasali sa final FILIPINO AT ESP NA LANG AASIKASUHIN KOO JUSQ"
"Filipino breakfast food are the Best"
"Australian paedophile, 61, who raped Filipino girl, 5, is jailed "
"Don't give up!  Check out our fun #Filipino video lessons!  ://t.co/fuEL2TI82k "
"A Filipino action film you definitely shouldn't miss! the badass and hardcore #MARIAmovie! Now showing in ci "
"Anu na po?? 8pm na wala pa din kaming tubig. Na-traffic din po ba ung deadline or sadyang Filipino time lang? "
"The crew department responsibility entails the crewing of vessels primarily with Greek officers and Filipino offi "
" :          Hindi Filip"
"From exquisite beadwork to ostentatious ball gowns, the show was never short of elegance. "
" :         Filipino ka ba?"
"   Anu na po?? 8pm na wala pa din kaming tubig. Na-traffic din po ba ung deadline or "
"Filipino Breakfast of the day  or cornbeefsilog "
"Filipino-American guard Kihei Clark shines for Virginia ://t.co/0mSP1CKkmU | #SportsCenterPH "
"World's First Armless Pilot is a Real-Life Filipino American Superwoman #SmartNews"
" : Filipino Meigeni have their birthday event for ! Catch the ad on 1106 if you missed it yesterday, local time. ht"
"This Filipino-American is the senior visual development artist at Marvel Studios who worked on the costumes for 'Ca "
"         Magta "
"My mom is killing me with all these filipino guys"
"  Parang timang. They never liked KPop, then gonna use our boys' name. Di ako hater ng kahit na "
"Yung feeling na gusto mo ng lumabas ng cinema sa sobrang takot.  a typical filipino horror movie for me.  "
"jghhh!! just watched Eerie  magandaaa compare sa ibang filipino horror movies  May sense ganon HAHAHHAHAHAHA"
"MANILA  Filipino athletes are raring to win big at the 30th Southeast Asian (SEA) Games later this year with the c "
"what about the Filipino users? "
"Hanap ka ng hanap ng dalagang Filipina, binatang Filipino ka ba?"
"         Hindi "
" : Been informed by my dad, who's a retired maritime deck officer, that a ship's full crew has been decreased from 20 to 18."
"Love Filipino hiphop industry"
"Hay nako filipino moviess, sooo predictable"
"What so great being a Filipino?  We can smile a lot bigger than our problems. "
" ah, i filipino but i can speak tagalog "
" : irita anang mga tao ingnan tag jeje kay maminaw tag Filipino songs nya kung ma uso maminaw sad sila  so uhmm r u guys"
"final exam na pero yung filipino namin magpapaquiz pa from prelims to finals na lessons. pota dami kaming time???"
" Well, I think it the comparison doesn't hold water, but I will accept that you are certifying that Fi "
"Heyyy need ko ng kachatt para matapos ko ang filipino namin"
"Pag sinabing 8pm, 9pm talaga yan. Filipino time eh. Haha. Yung Aces sa Davao 9pm na yun.#TheAcesAtAraneta"
"READ AND UNDERSTAND[ENG) AT UNAWAIN[FILIPINO] [KOR] every negative subject they say about Danie "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"What Kind Of Filipino Traveler Are You? karvictoriano (buzzfeed)#DADDYSGURLCOOLamSummer "
"        Filipino ka ba?"
"Rewatching Amaya  best Filipino series gyud ni paras ako bay"
"Best in Math in Science in English in TLE in Filipino of the Year High Honors "
" Worse are the Filipino traitors loitering in Malaca"
"Un filipino descubre que la piedra que ten en casa es la perla m grande del mundo "
" Yung filipino theme song Tala by Sarah G dahil ANG NINGNING NG MGA TALA NAKIKITA KO SA MGA MATA"
" :  a reflection of life as it happening now. We are placed face-to-face with a mirror revealing the truth. And perhaps a"
" She broke the law not once but thrice. Are you saying just because she's a journalist, she's above our law "
"Mabuhat na unta ko research sa Filipino bastos nalipatan ko ang title namun"
"1. The government DOES NOT pay for any state university student tuition fees, the funds come from taxes, straight "
" :   Daniel Matsunaga is not a Filipino but became the big winner. Congrats to Fumiya for being t"
"cute sana ng Nana pero naaalala ko Filipino ang kinalakihan kong pananalita "
" Nice? Its awesome man. Are you filipino?"
"No, ang ganda mo talaga. ka full filipino noh? ka?  Ayieee salamat  hahaha opo half american. "
"Wala bang course na puro sayaw, pagsulat ng tula, pananaliksik sa wikang Filipino at pagtatalumpati lang yung gagaw "
"Offensive Filipino Culture thinking it's funny "
" : no kase the suffering in BSDM requires consent LOL *cries in Filipino* "
"  not your typical Indie filipino horror film. Must watch."
" OH MY GOD??? THE FILIPINO IN HIM?????"
" kindly ask julian lennon to sing to the Filipino people the song Imagine."
"Fucking filipino culture!! What is sooo hard about getting in line? Seriously!!?"
"filipino aunties are scary af"
"my filipino ass would put 2 spoons of sugar in an italian pasta sauce to make it like the filipino style "
"Remember when knets said that Jennie looks like a Filipino actress here. Well she does! lol "
"  Yeap, and before my time there was even an Arabic, Indonesian, and Filipino visits to our sc "
"Your Filipino mom ever told you to swallow your spit when you were thirsty  it was rough lol"
"lola means grandmother in filipino, western muties"
" : Darna is fair-skinned because the actress playing her is fair-skinned! is exactly the point. For a superhero whose"
" Filipino fans are jealous :( "
" This is so true but you know what, as you grow up you'll realize that filipino parents just loves us so "
"support filipino hiphop"
"Lord, thank you for guiding me and my team in our Cebu and Davao coverages. May you continue to guide and bless us "
"tan aw mo ug errie guys!!!! grabe ka nindut! upgrade jd kaayu siya sa filipino horror films. the whole movie kay gi "
"hanap ako ng mga naging test at activity sa filipino e"
"English - why does life need to be so difficult? - bakit ang Hirap nang buhay? - ? "
" It has been a problem for many years. Right after Desert Storm I had a Filipino Chief that was retiring fr "
"its so easy to make filipino-related posts on facebook viral lmao as long as its humurous or entertaining "
" : My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 |"
"pati pala 'yung wika na ginagamit ko omg, korean un ko, yung  q english, yung bio ko japanese, yung location tsaka "
"Done watching Eerie. Juskoooo. Haha! Not the typical Filipino horror movie nga talaga. My goodness! Di mo talaga ma "
"as a Filipino, i am so happy "
"Losing to my 4yr old #GodDaughter    jae_ctz  Yes Please Filipino Restaurant Dine-in &amp; Takea "
"my favorite Filipino dish."
"Uy very filipino.  "
"sino mga pupunta bukas sa club filipino? dm"
" scam yan. hahahaha di uso yan sa filipino parents "
"rappler di daw 100% filipino owned eh putangina binenta nyo na nga ang Scarborough shoal sa china tangina ba kayo?? "
" Oh my god we're literally the same I have year 4 too"
" Arat nalang mag officer sa filipino club hahahahaha"
" FILIPINO ARMYYYYYYY MAGSILABASANNNNN FOLLOW NATIN ISAT ISAAA MGA KUMAREPOKKK!"
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 | "
" : Filipino Millennials talk about LOVE and CAREER. Can they choose? IT HERE://t.co/CugFLulCto "
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 | "
"  It bothering me how her skin is so white washed she a tan Filipino what"
"Best Fight Scenes: Filipino Kali/Eskrima/Arnis &gt;&gt; #FMA #kali #arnis #eskrima "
"When italia meets Filipino cuisine. "
"kevin moon honorary filipino i See"
"Peculiar Filipino Horror Film I watched! Ang kyut nung plot, and galing ni  . "
"Course na itetake mo sa college?  BSED major in Filipino "
"  *-cute-Ameyzing sa filipino "
"kinakabahan ako sa filipino grade ko ah hahahhahaajjajjjjannsmzmsk"
" stripped of her Filipino citizenship and declared persona non grata like Harry Stonehill."
"my filipino and italian self is crying"
"plot twist: tuwang tuwa yung mga tao, pero after the show hindi nila ma-apply yan sa family nila. Oof toxic filipin "
"Why are filipino dad boujee af? AHAHAHA"
"I've never felt so tamad. Hayst gusto ko nang matulog. Pero kailangan gawin yung Filipino hw huhu."
"LOOK: Fancy a balut tonight? Check out these posh balut recipes during the 31st Balut sa Puti Festival of the Munic "
"*May sumilip sa classroom*: welcome to our classroom: balik na lang kayo sa susunod na pasko"
" : The plot was a bit changed so I had to post it again. Sorry for that  the way this will be in Filipino so...... N"
"Pinakamataas na pagkundena ng League of Filipino Students UP Diliman sa pahayag ng Malaca ukol sa pang-aalipusta "
"filipino boys be calling korean boys gay bc of how pretty they look well it your loss that filipina fall inlove "
"LOOK: Fancy a balut tonight? Check out these posh balut recipes during the 31st Balut sa Puti Festival of the Munic "
"i hate this feelings  happy because we have a link for live stream .then in a few minutes the live stream is "
"Congressman Adam Schiff, pleased to eannounce that all my posts will now be about the Filipino israeli defense forc "
" Turning point dia bila berusrah dengan kau n abg Talhah. Yg filipino tu hanya salah satu ujian nak pas "
" I am not getting any single cent for defending PRRD. am humble enough to appreciate every single th "
"Chinese japanese korean filipino ano pa? American HAHAHAHAHAHAHA  Bumbai HAHAHAHA JOKE pake mo ba anon hihi "
"Pota dami ko iququiz sa monday tas ang dami ko rin rereviewin tas idagdag mo pa yang filipino ayaw pa printed gusto "
"L &gt; MY FRIEND MADE AN OVERWATCH DUB WITH GOOGLE TRANSLATE FILIPINO AND I CAN'T,,, I JUST CAN'T"
"There are so many Filipino wizones on my tl it making me wanna learn Tagalog"
" i am... a filipino..."
"also literally only one of them was white. isnt even WHITE hes half filipino"
" : Three of the most fantastic Filipino voices you find. Like the setlist OMG!!!#TheAces "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"Australian paedophile, 61, who raped Filipino girl, 5, is jailed "
" Peristiwa karok dengan gadis Filipino jangan di lupa. dijadikan turning point dalam hidup juga."
"I'm at Salu (Filipino Restaurant) in Quezon City "
"You know your Filipino friend just got friend zoned when bae starts calling him Kuya  sorry bro"
"  They careless of a true blood Filipino Journalist. BTW, why would we care about what US wo "
" : Ang inaabangang pagbabalik ng first Filipino anime series sa bansa,   mangyayari na!  Pakatutukan ang pagbabalik ng Ba"
"Chupacabra may not be heard in blessed Filipino fast food joints."
"Toxic Filipino Culture: nakapagtapos kanang pag-aaral, akala nila trabaho mo, nakaupo lang maghapon. Hindi p "
"Filipino Jives"
"tots kay marthaaaaa  Super kind neto haahahahha kahit di pa kme closs dati nakakapag tawanan kme (sorry sa grammar "
" 100% Filipino slaves of China."
" : The options at this Filipino feast are endless  "
"What are your favorite songs?  filipino rap + ellamai sza lany ag songs + worship songs "
"Old but still one of the funniest Filipino movie I've ever watched  "
"  Yon oh! So whats the reason why Kuya let fumiya to join in pbb kung d siya pwedeng maging "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"Fil-am talaga ko Filipino, half ampogi ko"
"MOMOLAND - YEONWOO. WEARING OUR SIGNATURE EARING A GIFT BY A FILIPINO FAN TO HER#ManilaEncounters #MOMOLAND "
"tengene di na ako nae-excite makuha card ko huhu lecheng pt yan sa filipino kaiyaq mga kagrupo koooo"
"Rentoy - di kami masyadong close ni Rentoyyy. gusto ko pa siya maging closee ehhh. mabait siya at ang sobrang bagay "
" : choose the right person for every position for us to be more PROUD as a Filipino &amp; trade our own beloved diversed culture arou"
" : Toxic filipino culture is when they are acting like they really care and concern about u but honestly they just want t"
" Maganda (filipino)"
"irita anang mga tao ingnan tag jeje kay maminaw tag Filipino songs nya kung ma uso maminaw sad sila  so uhmm r u guys jeje too????"
"Uniting behind  is the smartest thing a Filipino can do. It's obvious that he represents the biggest threat "
"That filipino guy yg sama mcm cheol tu ya rabb I cannotlah haha  nnt ak bygkan cheol betul2 mcm tu dgn abs nya ya "
" : The lowest grade in the class was a 41: *violently errupts in laughter* holding my folded 41: "
"KAKAMPI MO ANG BATAS.SYNDICATED, FILIPINO. 30 MARCH 2019 Babala sa mga dayuhang sumasalakay sa atin  (see "
" : Nobody: using dark mode on Twitter: "
" : not bad for an immigrant kid who used to shower outside #harvard2023 ! "
" ingay non ee HAHAHAHAHA tas cram minsan tuwing filipino"
"Meron pa:  husband says the Filipino women are the most beautiful in the world.  is from another patient. Oh diba!"
"Sabihin niyo ngayon sa na madali lang ang asignaturang Filipino  "
"The movie entitled Eerie made me realized na may mga taong dapat kaawaan pero di dapat pagkatiwalaan btw the mov "
" Oh your Filipino, so that why."
" : From the new  's strip about #SigawDarna  could imagine this panel is the Filipino take on This Is Fine Dog"
"I, Khryztel Faustine C. Catudio of Humanities and Social Sciences is now a SHS graduate of San Isidro College SY 20 "
" Its a popular Filipino song, if your Filipino, you know that song"
"I wish I was Filipino or Indonesian or Japanese"
"Thai "
"Wala ng math, science, filipino next school year!!! "
"That average.. 89.7 dahil lng sa Filipino bigat mo... Wala akong kulang at late na pinasa sayo pero yung kaibigan k "
"FILIPINO VERSION IS BETTER LMAAAO  "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
" :  Dami your Filipino fans are in for a treat when you showcase your amazing vocal talents in Manila."
"     I was there, it was peaceful and I saw all my races including my wife, a Filipino"
" : Beauty in simplicity....#philippines #pinoy #pilipinas #filipino #travelph #itsmorefuninthephilippines #mobilephotograph"
"THIS RADIATES FILIPINO CULTURE "
" remind ko lang sa anon na mga pilipino tayo at normal lang na hindi matangos ilong jusko hahahaha nagta "
"HOY TOTS ABOUT ELLA PRETTY AND SEXY  Sinong ella and sexxy hahaha charot haha Si ella ang buraot queen ng sampaloc "
"until now, di pa rin ako tapos magsulat sa Filipino"
"Sci-Fi = Science Filipino -Francis 2019"
" Bidadari tak bersayap - Anji  - Yeng Constantino (filipino) of these songs selalu my bf nya "
"Filipino timeeeee!"
" : It all makes sense why the late release. Worth to watch!!!!!!!!!!!  Congratulations  and to your team! | A F"
"Hoy ang obob ko sa filipino bakit"
" Ayeeee Filipino fan spotted you look so handsome yieeee"
"Some facts about me:: She/her:  Filipino: catholic: October 29, 2002 "
" : Yahay pasaka kos room namo gnina tas gkaimagine nko tanan, kanang gadagan2 sa stairs kung Filipino time ky mao na nga oras"
" : scriminate culture of impunity continues in the Philippines, as the body count of Peasant-killings grows exponentially "
"  Money over principle. Filipino politician some of them havent got. Then they go church on "
" : Hi, I made a playlist. These songs are from underrated Filipino rap artists. Hehe.  "
"Filipino siblings invent lamp that runs on just water and salt it can last for 8 hours straight! - Good Times "
"ang hirap magsulat ng essay gamit filipino language,,, pinagpapawisan ako hahahahshahsh"
"OKAY WHO left a message in my cc in filipino bc my friend translated it for me n now i curious as to who you are!!!"
"choose the right person for every position for us to be more PROUD as a Filipino &amp; trade our own beloved diversed c "
"Most people are celebrating because of this. And I am too. I so happy! But please, leave Alden alone! Let him liv "
"  Im a fan of Lou pero agree ako dito. Na kay Fumiya din ang lahat ng quality manalo as "
"Sino pinaka-cute? ^_^ "
" : There will be HATERS will be DOUBTERS will be NON-BELIEVERS  in the end there will be YOU  them w"
"Teaching the Filipino people, one page at a time. Thanks Wikipedia! #BongRevilla #Thief #Mandarambong #Plunderer "
"Kidding aside, how historic to witness a kiss between two boyfriends on a Filipino noontime show. I mean, what? Did that just really happen?"
"Prenup na filipino themed to my future "
"It all makes sense why the late release. Worth to watch!!!!!!!!!!!  Congratulations  and to your team! "
" : Underrated Vlogger alert  try to watch his vids cuzzzzz super worth it and majority of his vids are all about us Filipi"
" :           So if"
" : #PaanoKayaKung yung mga government officials natin nag kakaron ng unity para maayos yung bansa instead of corrupting our fe"
" 90 filipino kids first watercolour"
"KEVIN MOON KNOWS BEN&amp;BEN?!? FILIPINO LEGEND MAYBE!"
"Di ko alam kung ako may mali o yung teacher sa filipino eh PINOY NMN AKO."
"Overheard: Mas okay ng mamalimos sila kesa magnakaw. Filipino Mentality, tsk! Parehas pong di maganda, "
"IM SHAKIGN BEN&amp;BEN ARE FILIPINO I!m JLITERALLY SO "
"Can you not degrade a child and scar his/her mind for the rest of his/her life just for the sake of living up to yo "
" : namjoon filipino nickname would 100% be  kamusta kuya junjun pa abot ng alimango"
"Wag kasing filipino time hahaha"
"Puro Filipino Edition kanina haha"
"actually guys mixed race talaga ako.  filipino, half dalaga"
"  Toxic filipino mindset hahahha"
" : two types of me. nakikinig ng filipino music. nakikinig ng korean music"
"Okay so Eerie, I'm satisfied with you. Filipino horror doing it right yespls"
"two types of me. nakikinig ng filipino music. nakikinig ng korean music"
" : The other side of the coin regarding the Philippine Dengvaxia tragedy.  social fiber that binds the Filipino fami"
"describe ur filipino prof in 4 words . . . "
"my Filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 | "
" : two things:. Hell I honestly happy and proud.. DAMN! THIS PHOTO BRINGS BACK ALL THAT AIRPO - BIHDAY CELEBRATION"
"two things:. Hell I honestly happy and proud.. DAMN! THIS PHOTO BRINGS BACK ALL THAT AIRPO - BIHDAY CELE "
"   Is it wrong for filipino's to invest in filipinos. The government issues bon "
" every filipino artist first watercolor"
"Thoughts on miaj  i had a misunderstanding before ehe pero madami din ako natutunan sa kanya lalo na sa filipino t "
" : An Original Filipino singing competition returns. #TheClashSeason2 "
"filipino time pa more jsjsdjdjs gUTOM NAKO PLEASE KUNIN NIYO NA KO SA AIRPO PARANG AWA"
" :  MO NA IF UR- A FILIPINO- POKPOK FOR SEVENTEEN- POKPOK FOR OT13- SHIPS ALL OTPS- BASTA POKPOK PARA SA BAWAT MEMBE"
" : me, 90 years old in a retirement home: i need to get out of here, i need to get back to Belka and save my country! y"
"me, 90 years old in a retirement home: i need to get out of here, i need to get back to Belka and save my country! "
"namjoon filipino nickname would 100% be  kamusta kuya junjun pa abot ng alimango"
"CAN OFFGUN STOP FEEDING MY DALAGANG FILIPINO PICTURES OF THEM AKSNZHBS"
"Can Mayors Save the Philippines Coasts? part of  #VibrantOceans Initiative, Rare is workin "
" : BE TRAINED BY #KAPI! #KidsActsPhilippines is the premier children's theater company in the Philippines, founded by two award"
" : EERIE of the best Filipino horror movies"
" : May power interruptions. May water shortage. May rape/murder and other crime incidents. May  war. Sinasabing tama"
" : China Coast Guard ejects Filipino fishing vessel from vicinity of Scarborough Shoal "
" :           "
"An Original Filipino singing competition returns. #TheClashSeason2 "
"I craving Filipino spaghetti so"
"  Kuwait-Filipino Service (17760 kHz, via Sulaibiyah) , ~10.26 UTC.   "
" the CHARISMA, a natural filipino,"
"What are your favorite songs?  Filipino hugot songs hehehe "
"Ano nationality mo drew?  American but ongoing pa ang pagapply ko for dual citizenship para filipino citizen din  "
" : Kathryn Bernardo, Daniel Padilla film now highest-grossing Filipino movie   | #KathNiel "
" filipino citizen at ??"
"Ge. Filipino payt me!"
"The state has been killing all our farmers like, ano ba kame sa tingin nyo ang mga Filipino, running on gas? Nagpop "
"how similar are we? reply w/ ur score- black hair 50- brown eyes 20- Ariana Grande fan 50- filipino 50- so man "
" : thought eerie was kinda underwhelming but it is indeed a game changer to the filipino horror category :)"
" : My senator exposing the truth about how this government is favoring the Chinese government to the detriment of the Filipin"
"Yahay pasaka kos room namo gnina tas gkaimagine nko tanan, kanang gadagan2 sa stairs kung Filipino time ky mao na n "
"filipino millenial culture:- opm- messenger- sad aesthetic- marupok; in love"
" Dami your Filipino fans are in for a treat when you showcase your amazing vocal talents in Manila."
"I really enjoy Filipino conversationsSaan ka na?Malapit na.Ano ulam mo?MasarapAnong oras ka pupunta?Umaga."
" : Totoo Kuya. Pinaiyak mo ako sa sinabi mo kay Fumi. Thank you so much   mas may Filipino heart pa siya k"
"filipino timeeeeee"
"what if whenever i tweet in filipino, i tweet it in baybayin "
"Ilang oras nako dito tulala at nagiisip nang mga Filipino words pero keri ko pa naman para namang ala kong pinag ar "
"Toxic Filipino Culture? mag move on ang isa bago hiwalayan yung partner nya."
" Duterte's acts are more than soft, it's allegiance to the interest of a foreign power, allegiance that "
"Kuya's message to Fumiya Even though you were born Japanese, you really have the heart of a Filipino. "
"filipino kids could never kskshs di ka na papauwiin niyan "
"filipino month!! "
" Ok ang sanicare, Filipino brand na world class"
"anyways Come Back Home is a BANGER and i LOVE 2ne1 (esp Dara bcs she's half Filipino) wishing for their comeback "
"Filipino time talaga ih 5 daw start pero 6:30 wala pa. "
" : In observing #EarthHour, the Climate Change Commission calls on the public, private sector and every Filipino household to join"
" : Gc ng Filipino Project ng Research Paper ng School Org. ng MAPEH ng Science ng English Project GC N"
" But yes, at some extent, I must admit my influences are mostly 's Jessica Drew/Spider "
" salamat po hehehe dalagang filipino po eh HAHAHAHA "
" : Ito na ang pagbabalik ng Filipino action films! ang MARIA, starring the one and only Cristine Reyes! NOW SHOWI"
"Ano kaya magawa para sa Filipino? Hmmmmmmm"
"To this hardworking goddess, happy birthday to you, CEO Murase!  We love you so much, from your Filipino fans!  "
" : Imagine my Filipino mom's disappointment when I told her I wasn't joining the great confederation of Filipino nurses "
"grateful akong meron akong pinsan na ang raming alam na underrated filipino bands and songs, ganda ng taste sa musi "
"Don't give up on the Filipino Wakim #Fant4sticWAKIM"
" : Dr. Joshua San Pedro clarifies what the UHC is and isn't it is: - Expands PhilHealth membership to every Filipino- R"
"Proud of making fun of him just to seem savage and cool? And us Filipinos(not all) reklamo about toxic Filipin "
" the contract that we signed and we will sign in any club or in the U.S., our number one priority is Gilas.  &lt;3 "
" "
"Bisexual Filipino: mom, dad, I'm bisexual. parents: That means you can still marry the opposite gender, right?"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
" : A Dyipne cannot be separated from the life of a Filipino. more about the Dyipne and her story  "
"May lahi ka ba? Singkit ka kasi  oo meron ako'y half filipino half rice "
"Beauty in simplicity....#philippines #pinoy #pilipinas #filipino #travelph #itsmorefuninthephilippines "
"all in all, the event was a success! everyone enjoyed and there were so many freebies!  and all the s "
"A collaboration of Black and Filipino singers can produce a great show with great power and harmony that can really "
" filipino knight of hopes rise up"
"UPDATED:Ramon Bong Revilla Jr. ( /r/ born Jos Marie Mortel Bautista also known simply as Bong Revilla, is a "
"miss kona Filipino food "
"Un filipino descubre que la piedra que ten en casa es la perla m grande del mundo "
"  went a step further. every patriotic Filipino not loyal to China feel the same wa "
"Chinese'm Filipino  "
"Mag mu-movie marathon ako mamaya ng Filipino movies"
" : Pagtaas ng rape/murder cases.  ng tubig.  ng mga mahihirap. ng mga bilihin.  ng iba"
"        It is a big disse "
" your degree in?-Language Pathology, so you write (formal) speeches? but in this awful st "
"Ito na ang pagbabalik ng Filipino action films! ang MARIA, starring the one and only Cristine Reyes! NOW "
"BAKIT GANON? HIRAP NAKO SA ATING WIKANG FILIPINO???? "
"A Filipino-American beauty queen nearly won a back-to-back pageant title when she finished second in the Miss Eco I "
" they half filipino so i sure those are like their house slippers lol"
"Australian paedophile, 61, who raped Filipino girl, 5, is jailed "
"Filipino time nga naman"
" : KAKANIN are Filipino delicacies whose main ingredients are usually rice or sometimes root crops. coconut is a com"
"filipino ahgases may have never experienced a got7 concert yet but we are pretty much ready!  BETTER INCLUDE "
"Filipino Blinks!  tayo sa susunod! "
"ROOM FOR RENT (FILIPINO ONLY) Call 33845471 "
"  A typical filipino mother. "
"there's a filipino dub of naruto which i think would have been great if it were written well bc sasuke's gay dramatics are so filipino"
"Filipino time pa rin talaga mga tao. "
"Saw this comment on fb and I couldn't agree more. The replies made me laugh tho coz they're debating if dara is pur "
" : Watched #Eerie with friends last night. It is actually good for a filipino horror movie. Lots of good moments. I can ev"
"Balloon manuevered by a Filipino pilot... A first (in my knowledge)... This April 5 na guys!!! "
" Filipino ka pala!!!! "
" meron dinaman magagandang filipino indie films"
" Toxic Filipino eh."
" its bcs some of my tweets are my rants in filipino "
" Wa sup? Fellow Filipino "
"thought eerie was kinda underwhelming but it is indeed a game changer to the filipino horror category :)"
"Gc ng Filipino Project ng Research Paper ng School Org. ng MAPEH ng Science ng English Project "
" Hahahaha. Kasama ko sa pag tulog tuwing Filipino time hahaha"
" : Filipino time pa more #KAORHYSinvadesLEGAZPI  "
"Made some Filipino Menudo.  Yeah we eat a lot of pork. "
" she loves sinigang and that's as filipino as she can get"
" : Vile Australian paedophile, 61, who was jailed for raping a five-year-old Filipino girl until she was eight could walk free in"
"Manila Concert Scene on Saturday, March 30, announced that Jesse McCartney, who had girls swooning over him in the "
"I know that Filipino the rice is their life,but us is wrong having rice everyday.#MMKBusilakNaKorona  MMKni "
"Sugod na sa sinehan para panoorin ang pang-international na Filipino action movie!#MARIAmovie starring Cristine R "
" HEY FILIPINO ONCEs! "
"BE TRAINED BY #KAPI! #KidsActsPhilippines is the premier children's theater company in the Philippines, founded by "
"Vile paedo who raped five-year-old girl until she was eight set to walk free "
"By Raymund Antonio can every Filipino have access to quality, safe and affordable health care? country se "
"Selepas banyak sangat tengok movie filipino Mina mahal kita  je yang aku faham"
"Second episode out next week...://t.co/Z7wCPjLt2X"
"Walang magawa sa bahay kundi gumawa ng script para sa Filipino PT... "
" : Filipino stereotypes:Ano tinapos mo?IT poTrabaho mo? Call center?"
"Toxic filipino culture--Pag bored, naninira ng reputasyon ng iba."
"Filipino Egg Tarts Recipe by #PinoyRecipeAtIbaPa://t.co/LumJIvFEVS.#FilipinoRecipes #PinoyRecipes "
"remember when ji chang wook went on vlive before his enlistment and greeted his filipino fans?  "
"kakapoy aning filipino na research oy"
"Watching Filipino shows and dang their scenes are cray cray"
" Ngi basig ugma pa satoa kay filipino time HAHAHHA"
" Our government is always virtually disabled to educate more the filipino men in this manner. Dont "
" Nagdami nlg filipino movies nila wa gyapon ang htgawm ug B99 "
"Ito ang ikaapat na pagpapakasal ng aktor at ang pinakamaikli.  Ang kanyang rason? conflict in personalities and "
"Yanan looks like one of those drunk uncles at Filipino karaoke parties I-"
" : didnt expect that a filipino horror movie would turn out so good. must watch EERIE!!!! wag panonoorin mag isa "
" Naaresto na rin po ba yong sentensyadong magnanakaw na si Imelda Marcos? O kaya nahuli na po ba yong mga "
"Only 5000?! How many Filipino lives will it take for you to stop the senseless murders?! . Nobody believes your "
"lata mo filipino :')"
"These Filipino maids are reliable, trustworthy, patient, works very neatly and very well. You will surely never be "
" : Filipino parents shit on their kid's dreams. Sadtt"
"Anyone who knows him....need niya kaanak niya. "
"Ayaw maniwalang Filipino ako amp "
" : Lo que acaba de pasar con Paenza y la generaci dorada en la NBA es igual a: un filipino llega a Boca, la rompe toda y"
"Japanese Hiragana tutorial in Filipino(Tagalog) Lesson 5 #itsmekimie*Milkymi #2nd "
"HELLO, FELLOW FILIPINO ARMYS. PAKILIKE PO NUNG NASA LINK AND SHARE PO FOR PROJECT LANG PLS "
"Australian paedophile, 61, who raped a Filipino girl, 5, for years is jailed for over a decade"
"12. HUWAG MATUTULOG SA FILIPINO TIME"
"Links:. Luzon Command: No reports of harassment of Pinoys in Scarborough://t.co/qMwhulJoZx magagawa b "
"Tinatamad ako mag sulat sa filipino potek HAHHAHAHAHAHAHA"
"Urgh i rlly don't get the logic behind these filipino beliefs sksks stay pressed mga bilatchingelik"
" Sup bro we are same filipino"
"am I the only filipino that hasn been sung to with a ukulele"
" still haven had :((( Filipino boys bml and cook for me pls  but don break my heart"
"i didn't know na filipino ng on the bright side ay sa kabilang buhay  "
" : i want a tatt kaso i remember filipino nga pala ko and strict parents ko "
"Filipino Marinduque Art One Eskrima Brotherhood ng Kaisahan at Pagbabago para sa Inang Republika. "
"y'all,, there's this filipino that posted pictures of her dog and it brightened up my day and made me laugh and smi "
"ayOn, di ko parin type filipino movies :&lt;"
" : Do u believe in real equality and fairness? Philippines actually have divorce,  the Filipino muslims and the indigenous ethni"
"I NEED TO SAY THIS IN FILIPINO mga bakla ang haba haba ni Minho kahit sa malayo ang haba niya??? LIKE KITANG KITA S "
"My Filipino genes forces me to play basketball. I don't even like basketball"
"I just watched Mystified and grabe yung special effects???  Also, sobrang nostalgic makita in one film the origina "
" Filipino yan hahahaha"
"Filipino Marinduque Art One Eskrima Brotherhood ng Kaisahan at Pagbabago para sa Inang Republika. "
"chinese dutch "
" :     Maria Ressa arrested becos she violates Anti Dummy Law. This Law requires a"
"full filipino kaaaaa?  NoooOooooO "
"i want a tatt kaso i remember filipino nga pala ko and strict parents ko "
"Cheers to a wonderful weekend!  Tipulo - Modern Filipino Cuisine "
"filipino time HAHAHAHA"
" : sooyoung stan speaking filipino:: same"
"Vile Australian paedophile, 61, who was jailed for raping a five-year-old Filipino girl until she was eight could w "
"Proud of making fun of him just to seem savage and cool? And us Filipinos(not all) reklamo about toxic Filipin "
"We can change things. We can be so much more. We need understanding, respect, empathy and love for one another. We "
" Are you Asian or Filipino"
" Why many of us Filipino millennials are into Korean culture?"
"KAKAMPI MO ANG BATAS.SYNDICATED, FILIPINO. 30 MARCH 2019 sa mga dayuhang sumasalakay sa atin"
"Filipino fishermen urged to avoid Panatag shoal  the meantime | "
"*cries in filipino* "
"BITCH I WANNA CRY KKQKQKQKQKQLQLAKKXSKKSKDMXNX FUCKIN LISTEN TO FILIPINO MUSIC.... "
"With the 52nd batch 1000 Missionary Movement missionaries in the persons of  Kyeboard, a Vietnamese and Adonis Montac, a Filipino"
" : Grade 3. I wasn't able to do my Filipino class homework so I lied by telling the whole class and my teacher that my mom die"
"scriminate culture of impunity continues in the Philippines, as the body count of Peasant-killings grows exponentia "
"KAKAMPI MO ANG BATAS.SYNDICATED, FILIPINO. 30 MARCH 2019 sa mga dayuhang sumasalakay sa atin INSPIRASYON "
"Toxic filipino culture?  mag Girl Bestfriend mo, jowa mo na kagad. "
" Aren't her parents Filipino immigrants?"
"Yung nakita mo yung naging improvement ni Jaja and us here, as Filipino fans, silently thanking JVL for recruiting "
"Me, every time a Filipino says cancelledt tea or toxic: "
" : One of the Philippines most prominent journalists has been arrested for the seventh time in what she says is a campaign of p"
"What are the odds that Filipino teleserye have contributed to GENERATIONS of real Filipinos' maarte-ness.... cause "
"rt for help! i want to make an after gc with all my filipino mutuals "
"The only word I kno in tagalog is putangina cus my filipino followers be tweeting that word on a daily basis."
"Filipino time pa more #KAORHYSinvadesLEGAZPI  "
" : Let's all trend #SaveSingularTourManila and tag  for her to notice. Let's help our Filipino Carpenters t"
" Is it some made up language- or Filipino snjs"
"apparently kevin listens to ben&amp;ben??? i dont even listen to them but tea KEVIN IS A FILIPINO!!!"
" :   Hi! I Filipino Chinese and I would love to draw your food! "
" I think they were talking kc about the fact that Liza is a little too western to portray a Filip "
"Leonard Gan:  Caloocan Filipino-Chinese Fire Prevention is one of the first volunteer group sa north of Manila. #Ala"
"Si Leonard Gan ay ang volunteer fire chief ng Caloocan Filipino-Chinese Fire Prevention Association Inc. #Ala"
"i spend most of my weekdays with a filipino friend, so i learned new words everyday, then forget them the next d "
"Hating Filipino culture is not a personality "
"Getting ready for a campaign rally.. Wooot wooot!!! I felt like really now I'm a true Filipino for it's my first ti "
"Another day, another overhyped Filipino movie. Dapat pala nanood na lang ako ulit ng Four Sisters and a Wedding. "
"Aniya, nagmula ang pondo sa DILG na ipinamahagi sa mga LGU. Ibig sabihin, tungkulin na umano ng mga LGU ang pamamah "
"Australian paedophile, 61, who raped Filipino girl, 5, is jailed "
" : MMK and Filipino media really be using brownface to represent indigenous groups in the Philippines. Like bruh. That makeup"
"sooyoung stan speaking filipino:: same"
"  pride "
" : today we had #kaibiganklub at ! (Also: anyone can start a kaibigan klub! Just gather your filipino friends at the off"
"filipino time tlaga! hahaha kalowka!#KAORHYSinvadesLEGAZPI"
"Sobrang nakakagalit talaga ang pang aabuso ng administrasyon ito sa mga Filipino. Si De Lima na mala anghel at di m "
" : Kapag hindi natigil ang paghahariharian nyan ni Duterte dito sa Pilipinas balang araw magiging 2nd class citizen nalan"
" : let's do this ): essay presentation social doctrines homework geometric sequence  4, 5 an"
" : toxic filipino culture?  Yung huhusgahan ka nila base sa kanilang nakikita. "
"This year's senatorial election, I pray that every Filipino will vote for the people who have an objective of savin "
"When RM said BTS and Filipino ARMYs work together right? omg they really love us!! The distance doesn't matter a "
"Kapag hindi natigil ang paghahariharian nyan ni Duterte dito sa Pilipinas balang araw magiging 2nd class citizen na "
" : [Thread] Film &amp; TV Series (Korean, Chinese, Japanese, Thai, English &amp; Filipino) I've Watched (in my whole life lol)[wit"
"PSL Invitationals 2018 MVP - Galang Grand Prix 2018 MVP - Stalzer Grand Prix 2017 MVP - Perez All Filip "
" : People always come into conclusions base on what they see. It's now part of our Toxic Filipino culture. To those who experi"
"Revisit: Filipino inventor portable water treatment device | UNTV News "
"Bat ang hilig magsabi ng Filipino celebs na urticaria like it just hives bro."
"Filipino toxicity, ara bala nga ga worship kay God, para simba, kag active sa mga religious stuff pro number one sa "
" HAHAHAAH GET READY?? FILIPINO TIME!!!"
"If he only have a compassion for OFW and a political will to provide good employment and business to Filipino peopl "
"Also, having a girlfriend that watches &amp; talks Filipino movies, music, food, culture, and everything else   is pretty cool too "
"Ang inaabangang pagbabalik ng first Filipino anime series sa bansa,   mangyayari na!  Pakatutukan ang pagbabalik ng "
" unfortunately not :(( but paningning has been stealing Filipino's hearts and being viral in fb "
" And.. also, pure Filipino pinheads!!"
" Uy may dalagang filipino."
"Filipino Timeeee"
" :   Joe, Teddyboy is no longer Filipino, I think he is already Chines  True Filipinos sti"
"The only Filipino words I remember are curse words"
"The Filipino genes are PULLING lmao "
"I glad I have friends that can still enjoy Filipino movies despite having to read the captions. #MyExAndWhys "
"bakit ba lahat ng filipino youtuber/vlogger inaabuse yung obnoxious ass na laugh track. jesus"
"Toxic Filipino Culture: Pinalalaki pa yung mga bagay na pwede namang pag usapan ng maayos."
" Why do we have to be Filipino? Cant we just stan Sandra lol??"
"JUSQ FILIPINO PINAGLALAANAN KITA NG TIME HINDI PA AKO NAG REREVIEW SA PAT CARE"
"#CitizenServices is the Filipino access to diverse information on civil registration, passport application, and o "
"people can make fun of 's teeth or 's hair but it will never change the fact that these two peo "
"[BUREAU OF FISHERIES TELL FILIPINO FISHERMEN: DON GO TO PANATAG SHOAL] issues of alleged harassment of Filipi "
"  if u vet your tweet twas really the local tax or sec police who are crackingdown tax-evaders &amp;c "
"#Doorgoon looks forward to another stupid band tomorrow night. May ye all be deafened by the Filipino kids with the expensive toys."
"Watch as #Bryanboy teaches his blogger bestie, #TinaLeung, these Filipino beauty terms.://t.co/i5hSZalhda"
"Deez Filipino dramas make me realize how I a lonely ahh figga "
"When Wikipedia describes Bong Revilla as a Filipino actor, TV presenter, politician, THIEF, and Philippine Senator "
" 1.Louis Clyde Hudson Atlanta Hawks 2.Sweet Georgia Brown 3.Sugar Ray Robinson Sugar Ray Leonard Wal "
" ((Puto is a Filipino snack- "
"Certo momento estava tentando trocar o lado do p p andar com o snowboard veio uma chinesa falando em ingl, tente "
"How Did We Get Here? Part 3: Filipino Family Discovers Secret U.S. Citizenship - WBEZ "
" are you a filipino?  basta is a visayan term would be very happy if you are..."
" Biloy - Filipino translation ng Dimple :)"
"Just wanted to give  a quick shoutout! Don't know how I just now discovered this Cinderella, but see "
"   kea nga..ska mas mahirap ung rules sa Filipino in constructing sentence ka "
"I am not alt right, I'm a Filipino and I loved MOS and BVS. Been a DC Comic fan since 1992 with Death of Superman "
"Very informative ..., hindi dapat makapasok ang mga dilawan o liberal na sa gobyerno kase sila ang mag cause n "
"Hago ni apps game dia best sebab tak ramai melayu..ramai orang Filipino dengan Thailand..tapi dp dioranglah.. subha "
"   animal ka... so hayaan ka na kang lumabag ka sa batas?? ginawa mo lang ra "
"Australian paedophile, 61, who raped Filipino girl, 5, is jailed - Daily Mail "
"Filipino*"
"Dalagitong filipino yeahhh "
" Be matured enough, hehe be a man. Binatang Filipino please "
" : If u think people are jeje for watching Filipino films (mainstream or indie), then you are shit. "
"henlo im new to the fam hehehehe  pls lets be friends i dont bite  if u are a: - blackpink stan- a filipino  hi? hi."
"sinturon noun meaning belt in Filipino #Filipino #belt"
"Hey  Definitely these not covered by press freedom 1) violating 100% Filipino mass media ownership 2) using "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"FINALLY FILIPINO MUTUALS!!! Thank you  hehehe "
"/filipino, manonood pa po ako ng how to train your dragon 3 "
"Tang ina talaga ng mga pilipino, tatamad pota:30pm closing, 4:40pm palang sarado na late, gusto naman mas "
"saved the filipino horror genre "
"Filipino movies suck bc most people in the movie industry makes film for the money and not for the passion "
" ooh that's cool! do u speak filipino?"
"What are the implications of Rice Tarrification Law? Watch The 700 Club Asia #TSCADahop and know how it would aff "
" :   Hahahahahaha 8:15 or 8:30 talaga ang MMK pero alam mo naman Filipino time kaya tama ka din."
" : I Pascual, a Filipino singer and Wengie, a Chinese-Australian YouTube sensation will collab on a song from #BTS Composer ent"
"Resourceful ang Pinoy? Maabilidad? Madiskarte?  ^_^ ang diwa ko, ang sarap tumawa! LOL "
"How street photographer  captures the condition of the overseas Filipino workers. "
"  So Filipino is really small huh?  Jimin must be so proud of his height"
"Australian paedophile, 61, who raped a Filipino girl, 5, for years is jailed for over a decade "
"didnt expect that a filipino horror movie would turn out so good. must watch EERIE!!!! wag panonoorin mag isa "
"   kea nga..sa batch nmin..is sampu lang ata kumuha ng major sa Filipino tas "
"My Filipino mom is a nurse student when she's pregnant with me. "
"Tanginang toxic Filipino cultures yan"
"when people ask you shit and when you answer they judge you, filipino issues "
"I love seeing other people love Filipino folk and food with so much passion. It's just great and I hope to visit my "
"filipino memes are not memes"
"Been informed by my dad, who's a retired maritime deck officer, that a ship's full crew has been decreased from 20 "
"LEZGO FILIPINO TIME"
"This is very true, and it happens to almost every Filipino family.  nalang mangyayari sa mga anak na iniwan ng "
"Toxic filipino family culture?  MAPA-UPO KA LANG NG 5 MINUTES TAMAD KA NA "
" Filipino style  gotta have the longganisa with it too though. Don like ketchup?! Man fried chicken "
"it was a lil Filipino lady "
"a true filipino anthem "
"   saka aside sa Math subject mas nahihirapan tlaga ako sa Filipino..even in "
" : PBB Adult Batch 1:  Brouillette, 21 From Hilo, Hawaii  Filipino-American Model-A thread- "
"  Filipino Filipino Filipino  pearls  that why they have to go back in the "
"I look like a stupid sht watching movie I can't understand even though it is a filipino movie ah basta lang wa jod "
"my grandmother started scolding my cousin bc he sick and she blaming him bc apparently he sick bc he doesnt a "
"HAPPY BIHDAY  from your filipino fans  thank you  for conducting such event     "
" Me Filipino #KARJONCoolsaBICOL"
" : filipino time iz real. hahaha char.#LEGAZPInasayaWithKARINA"
" :  seven-rank 3, best in filipino, best in computer -rank 7 eight-5 with honors 9-1 with high hon"
"2 filipino kids 2 british kids all in my room....... Mygod I'm dead"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"If the father left and work abroad, the family becomes dysfunctional, when a mother left abroad then it becomes dys "
"Filipino adaptation pala ng American film yung Erieee... "
" : y just love it when ur filipino parents run into another filipino in public "
" the only filipino boy I have ever dated brought me to jollibee for the first time and then BROKE MY HEA "
"#UPzSummerWorkshop2019 BREED WORLD CHAMPIONS. THE FIRST FILIPINO TEAM THAT BROUGHT YOU WORLD OF DANCE SEA "
"Media companies should be wholly owned, organized, and operated exclusively by Filipino citizens per Constitution. "
"  May we all be wrong, but if not, BEWARE Filipinos... TRAITOR has made it clear th "
"  Maganda- Filipino term for beautiful"
"it's weird seeing myself tweet in filipino,, aye"
"Marcelo H. Del Pilar vs Jose Rizal: Del Pilar family was wealthier, pedigreed (datu level) Del Pilar wrote p "
"filipino time iz real. hahaha char.#LEGAZPInasayaWithKARINA"
" : Ang tagal ng sahod.  #pinoy #asian #filipino #philippines #gay #follow #love #instagood #igers #photography #like #t"
" Only my filipino ex b trash the rest of yall KINGS until proven guilty"
"oh wow goddamn the filipino food and language are gettin some lovin in foreign countries aw"
" revoke the filipino card pag di favorite ang jollibee ughhhh"
"Ang tagal ng sahod.  #pinoy #asian #filipino #philippines #gay #follow #love #instagood #igers #photography "
"I'm a Filipino who has been to Palawan but when I saw this picture I really thought it was photoshopped. We're stil "
" Ate Sandara! Could you please do the dalagang Filipino challenge?  "
"Revisit: Filipino inventor portable water treatment device | UNTV News "
" : Un filipino descubre que la piedra que ten en casa es la perla m grande del mundo. La familia de Abraham Reyes guarda"
"This is our military directly sounding off the Filipino people. tanong: ANO ANG GAGAWIN NG PANGULO? BAKIT SYA "
"Why are OLD Filipino ladies so extra?  please go get your LOLA! #filipinoproblems"
"im a filipino and i agree with you "
"Filipino Sign Language: is about advocate meaning  Philippine deaf comm... "
"     Are you filipino?"
"follow me - The Philippine journalists taking the rap in Duterte's latest war: When Filipino journalist Pia Ranada "
"Pls  this: need to find where my Filipino Queen stans are I feel lonely"
"I'm sick on the rant of typical procrastinate Filipino millennials, enough with dramas already. na kayong spoon-fed. "
" : Some nice drone images of the Bantay Watchtower in Vigan, Ilocos Sur. old beloved landmark appeared in the Filip"
"  Hahahahahaha 8:15 or 8:30 talaga ang MMK pero alam mo naman Filipino time kaya ta "
"I stopped watching Filipino teleseryes since years ago for their unintelligent and repetitive plot lines of kidnapa "
"filipino time talaga ako hahahahahaha"
" : #Wakeupcall to all #Filipino #believers &amp;  #nonbelievers, no to #Lenten tradition &amp; crucifixion.  the way he lived"
"A Filipino supermarket in Wacol Brisbane. John Coyle photos. "
" : The deployment of #Filipino #seafarers dwindled by more than 100,000, according to preliminary data for the year 2018 o"
" True blooded FILIPINO media are free and fully functional. Your idol, Cory Aquino, sued Louie Beltran a "
"kowya mas bet man nako to imong Filipino nga friend HAHAHAHA"
" Why is Cassandra Cain Filipino?"
"Toxic Filipino education culture:  ang teacher na late, okay lang kahit mag-intay ng ubod ng tagal ang estudya "
"toxic filipino family trait: often assumes that the money u earn frm hardwork is also theirs hmmm.. "
" filipino!!!!! "
" : For that matter, why does Maria Ressa keep bothering the Filipino people with her problems? There are so many people dying of"
"Hala nastress ako sa grade ko sa Filipino"
" how come Cassandra Cain is Filipino? #BoP"
"filipino time iz pft"
" : Filipinos: GIVE US GOOD FILIPINO SHIT: K so we have a Filipina character that isnt whitewashed-: NONON"
"Filipino peeps:Facebook is for posting great memories with photos; is for posting pictures that we can' "
" : toxic filipino culture?  yung di ka pa nila kilala, marami na silang nasasabi tungkol sayo :&gt; "
"Paramount Pictures paramountpics collaborated with Filipino artist, 39-year old, Caloocan-based Don Suratos "
" : When you just explaining your side and your parents call you  :) a toxic filipino culture we have "
"LOOK: Malacanang issues Proclamation No. 701 declaring 02 April 2019 as a special non-working day in Bulacan to mar "
" : With honors attendance awardee in science in ap in english in filipino Lord! And d"
"I heard a new  song. IT HAS TAGALOG LYRICS (chorus part)! WITH A TAGALOG TITLE! Man, they love teasi "
"may filipino equivalent ba ang  and chill na term"
"Once and for all... pong utang si Claudine sa akin. Mahal ka namin, mare! Just pray for them na lang. "
"  pls make a netflix original series based on a filipino household"
"Toxic family Filipino culture: di nila nakikita effort mo. Pag may ginagawa kang mabuti hahanap at hahanap sila ng butas para mapagalitan ka"
" : Watched Ulan alone tonight. Thought it was a scary movie. But I cried because Maya had a grandmother in the movie. Easiest"
" plot twist: you don marry a filipino/islander and you don have in-laws to do the electric slide with"
"  Hi! I Filipino Chinese and I would love to draw your food! "
"  Andrew, there should be someone there that can do Filipino spaghetti with banana ketchup and hotdogs for you "
"Filipino fishermen urged to avoid Panatag shoal  the meantime("
" :    PUKING INA KANG TAG-TUYOT NA ULIKBA SA ILALIM NG ARAW NA AMERIKANANG HILAW! UMALIS KA S"
"#SuperbalitasaHapon: Pamilya ng limang Overseas Filipino Workers na nasawi sa aksidente sa North Luzon Expressway, "
"Eerie is a must watch, it's more than just jumpscares and chilling music scoring. Huling irit ko sa isang Filipino "
"Filipino culture is to be fake in front of guests, we all know this. "
" : iknow I been into black guys but why do I feel like ima marry a filipino"
" : Potangina wer my filipino Queenies at? Tagal ko nang naghahanap ng friends dito mga kupal lumabas kayo "
"yes nemern filipino language ngayon"
"Movie marathon ng filipino movies is dabest "
"No one:: So hindi pala filipino movie ung Crazy Rich Asians"
"You really have the heart of a Filipino.-Kuya, #PBBGradu8tion#PBBTEAMFUmiyam"
"One of the great Filipino Family Values is eating meals together. It ties them closest to each other... "
"Dalagang Filipino.  labyu #ALJONAtLegazpi "
"I can wear yeezy boosts coz they look like elf shoes and I definitely will look like a Filipino elf if I do #shortasian #YeezyBoost350"
"Toxic filipino mindset:  me hindi naman talaga iniiwan, sadyang nagiiba lang talaga yung priority hindi yung p "
"Filipinos mixed with anything** (especially Filipino mixed with Filipino) "
" : JunHao SHO Filo AU akong time. Char. Maikli lang to and I just missed writing in Filipino. So, when Minghao needs"
"Ben Anderson's Imagined Community is shakingFilipino diaspora can't relate "
" : First Filipino anime series Barangay 143 launches OST. "
" :    Isa akong Filipino#MMKBusilakNaKorona MMKniJudith"
"ate akat kuya sa twitter, puede ba po mg recommend yung filipino songs sa akin : can someone recommend "
" : Un recuerdo a la  en su 175 primeros a de servicio a #Espa y a los tres tercios que tuvo hasta finales"
"I really love filipino old movies. Omg."
" hahahaha okay.. i'll call u tiya.. tiya is actually aunt in filipino "
"  First try to pass in your English exam then learn Filipino"
"Filipino Gourmet Chocolate Affair 27, 2019 The Good Farm sampling/tasting of Gourmet Filipino handcraft "
" Wonderful Filipino dishes! We have a wide array of Filipino dishes at honestbee. ;) Head on over to "
"Filipino fishermen urged to avoid Panatag shoal  the meantime("
"mood is i also ironically wanna be drawn by a filipino realist artist with a penchant for opm and nick joaquin"
"  Pls stop trying to speak foreign language as it's my brand ecspecially filipino"
" Ressa has caused so much damage to our country by playing up the gullible western press. To my knowledge "
"zach suck my filipino dick"
" : #SentroBalita | Mga lutong-Pinoy, bida sa pagdaraos ng Filipino Food Month://t.co/l14Zvx6ShY"
"lowkey sus when it a non filipino joking about it  "
"Officially an Unemployed filipino... LOL!"
"bale walang pumapasok sa utak ko. hahahaha bat kasi pabibo yung instructor namin sa filipino. hahahah arot"
" : lol. Kuma getting his nails done with Jennie captioning this photo as  without knowing that  is similar to th"
"ICYMI | Revisit: Filipino inventor portable water treatment device://t.co/Vv4Ctgupho"
"saranagati-ang-kahulugan-in-filipino "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"Samakatuwid, hindi lang Filipino ang wika na umiiral sa bansa. Kaya wag niyong pinagtutumbas ang pagiging makabayan "
"Ayon sa Republic Act 7104, magsagawa, mag-unay at magpalaganap ng mga pananaliksik para sa pagpapaunlad, pagpapalag "
" : Cinderella wearing a Filipino Mestiza Gown in her signature blue "
"I Am A Filipino by Nicole Ponseca and Miguel Trinidad is nominated for the 2019 James Beard Foundation Book Awards://t.co/Pnvyu2aH6h"
" : Makabayan senatorial candidate Neri Colmenares said the $248 million China-funded New Centennial Water Source-Kaliwa Da"
"No. Do not stand down. Hold your ground/water. "
"They sure do have a very unique supernatural #BeatBoxing skills....and that innocence...is cherry on the top.  "
"Ano awards na nakuha mo?  with honors &amp; best in filipino HAHA "
" : I'm wearing a tshirt with that design on Sunday... #OtsoDiretso  Filipino... "
"There's a whole catalog of really good Filipino movies out there that have really good story lines &amp; casting but ar "
" Oh i see.. So u tahu Filipino language? Teach me"
" : Not only the livelihood of our fishermen but also the local food security &amp; domestic industrial development are at stake shou"
" City: Filipino video game aims to connect players with local mythology "
"Eerie is not your typical filipino horror movie. Super intense talaga!! Kakaiba sa mga napanood kong filipino horro "
"Filipino/Japanese "
" : this the only way to eat if u love mangos #mangos #mangoszn #filipino #southeastasian #pacificislanders "
"REWRITE NALANG RESEARCH TAPOS NA SA FILIPINO WHOOTTTT"
"Egg + eggplant + minced beef = filipino delicacy"
"Janella Maxine Desiderio Salvador  "
"we need more diversity in mainstream filipino cinema... hardly unpopular but with all the clamor, why hasn't this "
"Many times I wanted to get a Filipino tribal tattoo. Then, people would comment to me,  are not an  y "
"hello sa mga filipino swifties dyan, let's become mutuals plss"
"Favorite lyric from any Filipino rap song.  unANG ARAW SA SCHOOL AKO'Y NASA ESKWELAHAN, UNIPORME AY COOL BAKA MAY "
" Matuwa naman tayo sa kapwa natin filipino na makakatanggap ng pera galing sa pag nanakaw ng mga Marcos. "
"PINAPASOK ng mga magnanakaw ang bakuran mo, at ang payo sayo ng gobyerno? Iwasan mo munang pumunta sa sarile mong b "
" for next week - a small story might be about the change in law in Brunei where gay people can be stoned to death :/"
" : Filipino guys don break hearts most of them just choose to break your hearts so don come at all of us because some of u"
" : austin and i are playing cards and i said  you have a black queen HE REALLY SAID  my queens filipino i-"
" :   I dont eat halo-halo. I know, Im not a true Filipino hehe #DADDYSGURLCOOLamSummer"
" : new pod tomorrow, but have you heard last week!?  came by to chat everything from Filipino food to the actual siz"
"LET'S JUST TALK ABOUT WEIRD FILIPINO FOOD AGAIN??? ANYTHING BUT THIS TOPIC "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"Cultural Adaptation of a Scalable World Health Organization EMental Health Program for Overseas Filipino Workers.: "
"   Isa akong Filipino#MMKBusilakNaKorona MMKniJudith"
"Presentation to Filipino community group at Gala Evening. "
"Bishop said: ang mga Filipino pag nasa ibang bansa takot sumuway sa batas, napakabait, napakalinis at sumusun "
"    ah okay, . Dagsa na Chinese illegal workers sa Pilipinas.. Yung W "
" : hi hi I sasa  I Filipino-American and I currently visiting the Philippines after 22 years.  #ArtistsofSEA "
"Darna is probably the most iconic Filipino superhero. For me, Darna's core is her duality: Narda/Darna. And she'll "
"my parents finally know how to work Netflix and is obsessed with it since there filipino movies now"
" are u Asian or Filipino"
" filipino ma b like,,,,"
"Filipino Breach How Blockchain Can Bring Privacy Revolution To Masses://t.co/iDndInR6QE"
"I also saw first-hand the innovative minds of our Filipino youth. The Innovation Summit gave us a glimpse of variou "
"FILIPINO MENTALITY BE LIKE: "
" : my lil filipino boy "
"thots about shaina  SHAINA MAE SORIANO MAINEZ in English in Filipino in Hekasi "
"Took a peep at asian twitter and never in my life again lmfaooo. What the fuck is w/ the obsession with filipino boys for haha. Weird."
"On MAESTRO FILIPINO (1600), members of the Cuerdas quartet, Aaron Aguila and Iqui Vinculado discuss the Guitar Frie "
"Ok sige kahit hindi na solo concert monsta x kahit sa multi artist concert na lang. I want you to feel the Filipino "
"Im marrying an asshole  be a Filipino boy "
"The black skin is not a badge of shame, but rather a glorious of native Filipino greatness! Laban, Judith Manap! "
""
"Filipino babies just don wear pants hahahah "
"My mom eating fishball classic filipino snack; timeless and delicious*takes a bite* lasang luma!!!*spits it out*"
"Travel to Manila Philippines and Meet the Filipino Kids Who Play Betting Games. A Film About "
"Oh indae, I only use these words on social media okay? It's not like I use them when writing Filipino essays or som "
"basically every filipino mehmehs. "
"Filipino Quiz Challenge!!! - 1 "
"People always come into conclusions base on what they see. It's now part of our Toxic Filipino culture. To those wh "
"if ur filipino and mexican, do you get a quince and debut or just one? lmk"
" : #Eerie is the best Filipino horror movie na napanuod ko so far. Bukod sa nakakagulat May lesson ka ring matututunan at th"
"My favorite subjects are T.L.E., Filipino and English. Hindi lang halata sa english, 'di ako fluent, pero wala kayo "
" : Filipino workers are being laid off for Chinese workers. Thanks Duterte! "
" : hello #ArtistsofSEA ! 'm michelle, a filipino-canadian animator who loves bright colours, video games and cute girls!! "
"You know you Filipino when you have rice readily available "
"Toxic Filipino Traits everywhere"
"Any Filipino EXO-Ls who have their entries for SONG COVER CHENSTIVAL already up?  your entry with us so we "
"drop ko na 'tong filipino"
" : Give Filipino words that ends up with gang example - salagubang, sinigang#ALDENFanArtsFest#ALDUBNationMatibayTo"
" : Learning Filipino with   "
"Filipino conspiracy theories and urban legends. Let's talk about it. "
" : tots on ng and nang  tangina naman kasi luma kong elem school dami alam, english english campaign bayad piso por ebri"
"You know what I just love???When people instantly assume I white and try to erase the fact that I a biracial, Filipino man"
"pwede ba huwag niyo gawin excuse yung 'filipino time' mga bobo"
" One who can inspire people to be better, Filipino or not. #MMKBusilakNaKorona  MMKniJudith"
"A relationship w/o sex is like eating a Filipino food w/o rice "
"Filipino fishermen urged to avoid Panatag shoal  the meantime | "
" : whatsup with filipino moms being obsessed with designer bags? i know my mom isn the only one"
"Via  family in Montgomery Village, Maryland displaced by fire "
" : ICYMI  revealed the stunning cover for my next book, PATRON SAINTS OF NOTHING, which is about a Filipino Americ"
"Ang mga Filipino puro reklamo kapag walang trabaho. Sisisihin pa ang gobyerno kung bakit sila nag hihirap. kap "
"The study showed a total of 46.7 percent of recluses have lived that way for at least seven years; highlighting a t "
"KAKANIN are Filipino delicacies whose main ingredients are usually rice or sometimes root crops. coconut is "
"Fumiya said that the person told him, But I helped you before. He said that utang na loo is one thing he sligh "
"Jegus my mother is the human embodiment of toxic filipino culture =_="
"Lemme see if I got this first season straight: There's a black character named Spearchucker. And there's literally "
"Toxic Filipino Parents Culture: 'll say bullshits bt' u, something that may really hurt and degrade you but i "
"iknow I been into black guys but why do I feel like ima marry a filipino"
"Filipino time"
"What are your favorite songs?  hmm... most likely mandy moore's and a lot from Filipino indie band songs "
" : When a male asks you  your nationality? And you tell them Filipino it usually follows up with  you gorgeo"
"And when you don't provide them with what they want, they would give you the the I raised you or Wala kang respe "
"       Hahahaha binatang Filipino"
" : Sobra yung iyak ko sa Ulan. May mga emotions talaga na yung tamang pelikula lang ang makakapag-ungkat. Na-miss ko yung lol"
"Putang ina tong filipino prof namin walang puso"
"Filipino workers are being laid off for Chinese workers. Thanks Duterte! "
" : Luis Enano Yee Jr. is a pioneering figure in the installation art movement in PH. Although now retired, he has not sto"
"Lord, tabang intawn ani among Filipino. Naglinya-linya naman og nagtakilid ang posisyon sa mga words oys. "
" : Can you tell me some famous saying of Filipino Beauty Queens?  and Don forget our Official Hashtag! #MMKBusil"
" filipino talents.. kaya sana naman iguest niyo po ulit si Sharlene San Pedro para naman mapromote yung new "
"Girls: Dalagang Filipina: Walang grade sa Filipino "
"my family has a knack for keeping  ketchup packets from take-outs and not using it, they've been sitting here for y "
" In the service of Filipino people. Charot! "
"Filipino Virtual Assistance Thank you for following me!!"
"Please watch  tonight 8:30pm as Maymay will give us a glimpse of traditional Filipino culture "
" : Finally, I've watched a unique filipino film that made me realize a lot of things about how I value my beliefs and real"
"Wow guys i love filipino culture, yknow that part where everyone's flaky af? The one where they confirm they'll sho "
"Filipino Fruity Chicken Salad Recipe by #PinoyRecipeAtIbaPa://t.co/5XMtywXROW.#FilipinoRecipes "
" : filipino culture mah boi "
"  article pass on monday 8AM deadline. OJT must be done on summer 2weeks 8hours per Day. Cle "
" child: I don want to eat that.  mom: aww honey. What would you like to eat? What wrong? Are u "
" : i almost got a $75 ticket for not paying my train fair but when he found out i was Filipino he let me go LOL i was being s"
"I understand we have trade relations with China, but favoring them above Filipino people in our own country is beyond despicable!  Come on!"
" : Bat ka kaya sikat? Di ka nmn maganda di karin fresh   ako sikat,  maganda at fresh, with HIGH honors lang, leadersh"
" His name is PANINGNING (a filipino name)"
" : Brandon said Wu Tang ina mo tryna make a Filipino joke and I dont think I can be his friend anymore"
"So hard is filipino politics"
"loving your filipino accent!!  "
"Buti sana kung tulog lang. E kung hindi maintindihan? They don't have the faculty to digest it. Kaya mahirap pumaso "
" : Hire a VA an affordable Filipino VA who won disappear. setting up email sequences, uploading your blogs to Wo"
" :   Ressa should win her court cases first. Rappler/Ressa violated the 100% Filipino ownership requ"
"marami ka rin bang kaklaseng filipino?  wala man akong kaklaseng fil. although may ibang asians pero halos chinese "
" : when ur filipino but can't speak filipino language like wtf?  sino nag sabi na hindi ako marunong mag tagalog???? labas."
"fave filipino meal that i'll just stare at, not eat "
"This guys on Grindr was like  you think all Filipinos are ugly huhhh Sir, I am Filipino and Filipino boys are my weakness."
"i'd like to share the beauty of Filipino language to yall "
" : People don't like indie movies bc the qual is sometimes shit or the actors aren't famous but the indie movies speak volumes"
"pag clear skin at koreana retokada o retokado agad? ah okay Filipino nga naman lahat hinuhusgahan pero takot na tak "
"NOW: Artworks featured in Filipino Artists in their Studios are now in display "
" sana remake nyo yung My husband's lover tapos c Alden Richards,Derek Monasterio at Maine Mendoza ang "
"Let us not forget that while 4 sisters and a wedding is an iconic Filipino film, its portrayal of CJ/Rebres fianc "
"The problem is that they big accounts. Being followed by filipino blinks. Damn, why they can calm their tits? "
" : This episode will remind us what is the true color of being a filipino that some of us had neglected, disrespected and ash"
"Happy 119th birthday to this bitch!  wish ko lang ay wag ka na mag filipino time at wag ka nang tamad!  "
"Our #DDStick comes in 4 shades that fit every Filipino skin, like no other!  IG account  -  Pr "
"This episode will remind us what is the true color of being a filipino that some of us had neglected, disrespected "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"  Heneral Luna. A filipino film about the bravery of a general and the treachery of a president. Hummmmmmm."
"My friend has allowed me to use his club. Check out Kantahin - #Karaoke Night (Every Friday night) Ticket sales "
" i love OPM. im talking about like rap filipino songs and the new ones."
"ALSO: i planned on arranging two other medleys Medley and Filipino Folk Music. Both were scrapped but nakasave "
"  really? so why dont i hear NYT or other US based journalists headlines the arrest and conv "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"Being top 2 for Filipino Homes Davao Eagles is not atrainable without my buddy and my boss FerdinandMagada. THank you Lord!"
" Reasons baket andaming Filipino players (Not all po ah) na nag thro-throw ng game, Nangtotoxic, or nan "
" Yun nga eh. Sign up nlng ako sa Filipino Cupid AHAHAHAHAHA"
"Toxic Filipino Culture :(( "
"I Filipino and can speak Tagalog, so I like a fake pair of Jordans from Ranch 99 "
" : Also because I remembering that lol Marian is supposed to be Irish American and my director was like f*ck that I beli"
" is he a filipino? tangina such a shame, wag mo dalhin pagkafacetious mo sa labas ng bahay "
"austin and i are playing cards and i said  you have a black queen HE REALLY SAID  my queens filipino i-"
" Yoo I the Filipino version lolol"
"When a male asks you  your nationality? And you tell them Filipino it usually follows up with  you g "
"bts mattel dolls look likes the filipino comedian, vice ganda, especially, jin's and j-hope"
"  She/He said, who are you? HAHAHA. I'm a pure Filipino and can read Hangeul. I'm a BigHi "
" seven-rank 3, best in filipino, best in computer -rank 7 eight-5 with honors 9-1 with high "
"why is it that every time i speak english, i get a slight filipino accent but everytime i (attempt to) speak in fil "
" :  cannot understand how Filipino evangelicals can build megachurches and cathedrals and stay silent on corruption in"
"  For me FUMIYA deserves to be the big winner he is born Japan pero ang puso nya at katan "
"Took a break from Sekiro to create this revamp design of our very own Filipino Superhero Darna. A lot of talented a "
"Bat ganooooon? Every after french class feeling ko french na yung naririnig ko kahit filipino na kausap ko "
"I wish random people answer this, especially BTS stan out there living outside the Philippines. you name a Filipino song that you know?"
" : HI, I NEED MORE FELLOW FILIPINO MUTUALS!  THIS IF; PH ARMY OT7 STAN KA LAB MO SI JONEEEEL MADALDAL KA BAK"
"Sims 4 Let's Build Series: Filipino Architecture Edition #7 Las Casas Filipinas De Acuzar Casas Filip "
"Filipino guys really be breakin girl hearts damn HAHAH"
" : Manila water causing so much traffic in the middle of all this heat I can just imagine the rage of every filipino comm"
"Where tf these filipino guy memes coming from"
" as a filipino, i'm not offended by this bec it is true have been judged, removed from social circles "
"Like when I moved to Seattle and started living in a real Filipino household..... it literally took several months "
"Toxic Filipino culture: manipulates your career choice"
" Filipino ata sya dati. Wala na sya sa school eh?"
"White Party and Awarding for Filipino HomesTeam Davao Eagles at Punta del Sol Beach Resort in Samal"
"Filipino films with family-centric plots are better than romcoms/romantic dramas "
"Pagbati sa mga Dalagang Pilipina at mahihilig sa Dalagang Pilipina: na ng Komisyon sa Wikang Filipino (K "
" I'm a Filipino! And you are? By the way, kamusta!!"
"  Joe, Teddyboy is no longer Filipino, I think he is already Chines  True Filipinos "
" : Atlantis, The Palm , beach &amp; stripes.#atlantis #atlantisthepalm #dubai #uae #dubailife #nomad #digitalnomad #"
"Paint me like one of your French boys   di ko marunong gid mag paint sketch lng HAHA kag Filipino boys dapat HAHA "
"toxic filipino culture  naniniwala pa sa chismis kesa sa katotohanan."
"wala lang. naalala ko lang yung mga panahong sumasayaw at kumakanta kami para sa filipino fest. yon, my time pa na "
" : cardi b is transphobic and supports her homophobic husband and darren is the first filipino-american to win an emmy award"
"Also because I remembering that lol Marian is supposed to be Irish American and my director was like f*ck that I "
"this the only way to eat if u love mangos #mangos #mangoszn #filipino #southeastasian #pacificislanders "
"narealize ko yung ginagawa ng idols ay nagawa na rin namin dahil sa contests ng filipino fest at english fest ng ky "
"lol. Kuma getting his nails done with Jennie captioning this photo as  without knowing that  is similar "
" : Eerie is the best filipino horror this year for me, kakaiba yung mga music na ginamit natakot talaga ako and yung ang galing"
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 | "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
" wAIFNDJS YOU'RE FILIPINO?! I-"
"and the world.. Isa lang naman yun tapos ayun bongga.. Sumali ako sa math idol.... Collarbones, Humor, Int "
"Tayo na ang mag aadjust sa sarili nating bansa.  Philippines.. "
"The Long Wait Is Over: South Korean Actor Lee Jong-suk Will Finally Meet His Filipino Fans!#LeeJongSukInMNL  "
"I saw the word .  ya doin???  "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"Filipino-Japanese actress/model Ikeda Elaiza rocking the runway for Lagua Gem "
" : My achievement shows that filipino households will honor you when you achieve something big in life, but behind your back"
"vector at filipino nalang ako natutuwa ngayong sem "
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 | "
" :  I wish for more Filipino superheroes that portray with disability since there's very rare persons with disabil"
" I wish for more Filipino superheroes that portray with disability since there's very rare persons with "
"been listening to filipino songs lately and i feel like im back in my  days but badder "
" Some of the blockbuster movies look like they used MS PowerPoint to make the special effects in compa "
"Branda and I send a lot of Vietnamese/Filipino memes asking each other to translate and I think that's beautiful"
"Maybe only OFWs or Filipino students/migrants abroad can relate how this is now more precious than gold. Hahahaha! "
"Manila water causing so much traffic in the middle of all this heat I can just imagine the rage of every filipino commuter"
" : Saan ba nakuha ng ibang filipino na salot ang Aeta? Ang alam ko lang na lokohan noon pagkakulot salot pero parang joke lang"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"         "
"filipino time ka talaga eh noh "
"filipino moms in a nutshell"
"Hey  Definitely these not covered by press freedom 1) violating 100%Filipino mass media ownership 2 "
"This is true. The Chinese are forcing or offering TWICE the rent to people (Filipino or any other race) to move out "
" : Toxic Filipino culture:Kapag may kasama kang iba issue na agad."
"I love being Filipino "
"Bakit mas nakakatakot pa yung kmjs kesa sa mga filipino horror movies "
" : chaeyoung from korean gg twice last night at filipino tv show called gandang gabi vice#TWICE#Chaeyoung#GGVMemeRable"
" : Villanueva pushed for the passage of a measure that would require Filipino employers to ensure that at least 80 percent"
"I had a filipino mutual on here tell me about how he gets annoyed when he sees people glorify poverty and underdeve "
"Filipino Time diay to HAHAHAHAHA"
" : I am not that proud of its outcome, but I am proud of trying new stuff. May this improve me further.#art #artph #creative"
"bls jumpstart dog im filipino i dONT KNOW WHAT UR MONEY IS "
"i think im the only filipino who prefers nilaga over sinigang im so sorry #artph #illustration #foodporn ?? "
"Hey  Definitely these not covered by press freedom 1) violating 100% Filipino mass media ownership 2) u "
" : The BakClashers are giving us a good competition! Hindi ko kinaya yung range ng Filipino talent!#EatBulaga | #BakClash"
" What is real was the Filipino voters were rob by former Comelec Bautista and picos smartmatic last 2016 election."
" isn that krieshia tiu? the half filipino half chinese trainee on tv before?"
"Ikaw yung dahilan kung bakit ako pumasa sa AP , Science at Filipino "
" : A WARNING TO ALL FILIPINO VOTERS THIS UPCOMING ELECTION "
"please do watch mystified i promise you, SOBRANG GANDA. lalo ng mga effects promise hindi sya yung typical filipino "
"Idgaffff what my DNA test said I more Samoan than Filipino, it makes no sense for me to be more Filipino than Sam "
"Her hand dives into the pile and instantly emerges with her treasure plastic bag, that great leveller of social "
"Im so excited to eat Filipino spaghetti tmrw"
" fishermen told to fish farther from Panatag "
"Imagine my Filipino mom's disappointment when I told her I wasn't joining the great confederation of Filipino nurse "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
""
" : Personally I would support them but not as an institutional leader of the Church, but as a voter, as a Filipino citizen."
"With honors attendance awardee in science in ap in english in filipino Lord! "
" : nobody: vloggers: gUyS wElcOme BacK tO My ChAnNel tOdaY phO yAn pHo*high pitch voice edit**slow mo"
"so uhm paano ako makakapagreview sa Filipino..?"
"Top 10 best Filipino books/ stories you read so far  sadly, 'di pa ako nakakabasa ng maraming filo books/storie "
"Toxic filipino mindset: ang iba makapagpatawa lang"
"1979 : V. Tedlock translated Baltian kriisi from Filipino to Dutch"
"I wanna eat Filipino boiled corn desert topped with freshly grated coconut, butter, and salt. In short, I wanna eat binatog."
"Tonight  Filipino Night: Hot dog w/spam, pineapple, onion sauce &amp; pork rinds"
" :  hindi ko maintindihan bakit kailangan patayin ng mga Filipino ang kapwa nila Filipino. nga ang General hindi"
" Callimg out my Filipino teacher tita"
" Libro lang sa filipino ang available hahaha"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"Magaling ka ba sa Filipino? ko lang sana kapag pinagsama ba ang panghalip na IKAW at AKO possible bang maging TAYO??"
"AS ABROAD VIEWERS:  choose to watching Filipino series because I found ACTION talent from Andrea. For me, differe "
"Sources:://t.co/gOlakfrrLN://t.co/6Ws59OdHVm://t.co/VjTabYp2MD://t.co/GJvLhH6xWR"
"Sana Filipino Time Atyan"
"filipino at science grades ko talaga sa 4th quarter yung sobrang papalpak :))"
" : Short Filipino girls is where it's at. Like whatsup my baby oompa lumpia"
"toxic filipino culture?  ONE SIDED!! "
"why can't we unite for our country. i saw shades thrown here and there. if this individual supported this one side. "
"- filipino"
"This previous challenge on us, my dear fellow Filipino youth by the late great Senator Miriam Defensor-Santiago las "
"  Ask urself nalang bakit si Sharon na asawa mo ay mahal si Tatay Digong? Becoz she f "
" hindi ko maintindihan bakit kailangan patayin ng mga Filipino ang kapwa nila Filipino. nga ang General "
" : Trust me darling, I know who talks shit behind my back yes all of you I just don't show it cause what is the point of figh"
"TANGINA SOBRANG GALIT AKO SA FILIPINO TIME!!!!"
"Wow !! BTS with Filipino's who organize their last summer package in Palawan !! Im soft  "
"AMPALAYA WITH PORK AND EGG [FILIPINO FOOD] "
"Funny and Embarrassing Moments of Filipino Divers in SEA Games 2015. Anyare??? "
"and then i just now got back from a fundraiser for a Marxist Filipino org and as I left this girl was explaining to "
"  Trust me we know he does speak for all Filipino people. Some of the most genuine har "
"  PLEASE CONFIRM THIS NEWS RELEASE OF GMA news Online in the Philippines IS CLEARLY I "
"looking for filo blinks  rt para i will follow you. need filipino mutuals #BLACKPINK #KILLTHISLOVE #ROS "
"stream quality filipino hiphop music "
"In the #Philippines, the cost of living is much lower than the developed world. This doesn necessarily mean the s "
" : Toxic Filipino culture is when your family will say harsh words without knowing that they hurt and kill you inside and"
"anong subject yung 75? hahah curious lang  Filipino pre HAHHAHAH akala ko kase pwede base on ur opinion hendi pala "
" : Toxic Filipino culture is when parents always NEED to be right even if it's wrong. POINTING OUT small mistakes that their"
" : Toxic Filipino Culture is when you express all the thoughts that you want to say to your parents but, they feel like yo"
"Filipino boxer Jayson Mama pulled off a stunning unanimous decision win over the heavily favored Thai fighter Teera "
" : Yung chinese adviser niya ok lang, pero si Maria Ressa aarestuhin kasi hindi 100% filipino ang Rappler  na po s"
"Filipino fishermen urged to avoid Panatag shoal  the "
"my mom says that you can tell someone filipino by the way they say kunia"
" : toxic filipino culture is... your side that sometimes lead to telling your parents that they're the one whose at f"
"  Hi Martina, I'm a Filipino-American graphic designer/illustrator and I do a lot of food i "
" :  people are only nice to them (foreigners) and not to each other. thing  "
"For all my journo friends trying to scramble to find stories for May coverage - I.e. the month when Asian Americans "
"Ito nanaman aantay nanaman ng pagkatagal tagal ang usapan 1 mag aalasdos na Hayz FILIPINO CULTURE"
" I HEARD FILIPINO "
"Reasons why I prefer twitter. I miss this; me reading posts with sense and Filipino's bayanihan on social media! Hooray "
"here kuya luis! meat-eating filipino portlandians, he at the food cart pod on 3rd and harvey milk. here a pho "
"may nakipag sagutan sa akin sa LoL about filipino subject pero di ko alam kung bakit nya pa pinaglalaban yung side "
" I hope our next generation will not be called Filipino-chinese. "
" : toxic filipino culture: reprimanding their children for the way they answer them when they themselves talk the sa"
"Hi  bilang Canadian sana hindi mo kami makalimutan at ang wikang Filipino HAHAHAHAHA uwi na u Pilipens"
"Like to thank Angie Mosher for Dragging us to OC's Largest Mixer at the Orange County Fairgrounds Hanger we had so "
"The BakClashers are giving us a good competition! Hindi ko kinaya yung range ng Filipino talent!#EatBulaga | #BakClash"
"tots on ng and nang  tangina naman kasi luma kong elem school dami alam, english english campaign bayad piso por e "
" : Only In The Philippines FILIPINO MOMS' NUMBER ONE LINESA KAKACELPHONE MO YAN"
"Yung chinese adviser niya ok lang, pero si Maria Ressa aarestuhin kasi hindi 100% filipino ang Rappler  "
"the list of toxic filipino traits is so long i get a headache just thinking about all of them"
" ...yeah, was he yiking on a Filipino girl"
"Kulbaan kos Filipino ay. Kabusy bas defend2 oy"
"my god i really love filipino artist"
"Behold my servant, whom I uphold, my chosen, in whom my soul delights; I have put my Spirit upon him; he will bring "
"tangina nga science ug filipino dipagyud gaperma murag bugok"
" : what do u call a short filipino girl ? oompa lumpia"
" : The looks that will take you to a whole new level  catch the #BENCHxRafe collection at Day 1 of the #BFW_SS19 2019. With insp"
"why are you always asked if you're filipino  i honestly do not know can someone pls tell me why my oomfs think im "
"trying to figure out which of my mutuals are filipino is hard yall, i be going on full fbi mode and i still wouldn' "
"7. Argue the time of development of :: Mag iisang-daang taon na halos ang konsepto ng  "
"5. Say that it is NOT Tagalog, :: Sa lup ka ba nakatir, t ka? Magt ka sa C "
"3. Arguments based on financial soundness:: KWF in 2016, spent 19 million Php for  the development and pr "
"2. Arguments based on equity err...: The whole idea of  is oppressive and R.A. 8491 even forbid "
"Arguments &amp; Rebuttals on the issue of the  Language a.k.a , which is actually the Manila variant of Tagalog (a thread)"
" What's your last name?YbanezOh, like the guitar?... Sorta? The guitar is spelled Ibane "
"Ang endearing! Si Rilke nasa may Filipino Lit shelf ng NBS Vigan katabi ng Hospicio???  "
"*laughs in Filipino "
"Can you tell me some famous saying of Filipino Beauty Queens?  and Don forget our Official Hashtag! "
" Salamat! May mairerekomenda ka bang style guide o makabagong balarila para sa pagsulat sa Filipino? Haha"
"my date last night  , Binatang Filipino yeah  #GlitzAndGlamour #CCTGradBall2019 "
"ALL WORKING PINOY KODI ADD-ONS! - Filipino Kodi content is rare, here is all of it!! - #LatestKodi"
"Brandon said Wu Tang ina mo tryna make a Filipino joke and I dont think I can be his friend anymore"
" mexican. grandpa is darker and I looked similar to another kid in our neighborhood whose grandpa was "
"S&amp;S! Poacher stole  wild #tortoises &amp; left for dead at Filipino Airport. When officials opened suitcases shocked to "
"Namimiss ko na yung patagong kain namin pag Filipino time "
"filipino fans are always this lively (*cough WILD*) twoset you might regret not coming here sooner jkjk "
"quality filipino content we all need an deserve "
"Toxic Filipino culture: lalake nag ffirst move, manly tas pag babae, malandi"
"A philosopher once said: Kami sauna...- Every Filipino mom ever"
"Wow Filipino concept of design  Philippine Architecture indeed  "
"Filipino fishermen urged to avoid Panatag shoal  the meantime://t.co/CvSa8yd4nz "
"ict,nihonggo, english journ, filipino journ,french  at robotics yung mga elective........................wala akong haysssssssss"
"Did you know that the voice of Prince Zuko from Avatar: The Last Airbender is #Filipino  ? Well now you know. #Proud #Philippines"
" It filipino ketchup! it made out of bananas and it became popular because we went through a tomato shortage LMAO"
"rt to be added in a filo treasure stans gdm- be active plz ! grr  i/a members :( - 10 people only :( - pls spe "
"I come from a praying warrior family "
"Wag Filipino major pls.  "
"Toxic filipino attitude. may couple na over a year na together,babanat ng Mag bebreak din yan!  of "
" Tagalog hahahha  i thought you're Filipino"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"Akala ko love na, gutom lang pala. day equals late night. Bowl of rice with Spicy Pork Caldereta  with car "
"Support Filipino Motovloggers na hindi jejemon, HAHAHAHA."
" : The story is something uncommon. Lalo na sa Filipino set up. Maganda!!!"
"  Filipino ang gi apilan ni Kishon, ma luoy sad tag kay basin mag sign language na lang ko sa stage"
"*Laughs in Filipino* "
"Keep ya friends close. But keep ya Vietnamese and Filipino friends even closer because their food is "
"El wey que a cada rato se peleaba en la salida ya es boxeador en filipinas JAJAJA ALV ese wey es la verga, (su pap "
"You read it right. Esteemed Filipino filmmaker Mike de Leon is bringing his comeback film, Citizen Jake (and more o "
"filipino time -_-"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"Filipino men, what have you done to this poor girl? "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"- filipino and lil bit of maguindanaon, bisaya, korean, &amp; german"
"my lil filipino boy "
"A lot of people may look down on me just 'coz I stan a Filipino actor, so what? As long as he serves me redemption "
"Pinaka memorable na nangyari sakin sa pcs is ung time ng Filipino mga 3rd day of class palang non ng grade 8 days k "
"Award ko Best in Filipino, Academic Excellence Award,tapos Best in Arts.... in Arts pero di pa ako nakakapagex "
" A reminder that Poland is getting big on Filipino immigration atm."
"oy tapolan kayko mo tuon og filipino oy hahahahaahahahahaha"
"Binatang Filipino. Knows well "
" : ur not actually filipino if u never wanted to be a jabbawockee"
"Brilliant naman this kid. My everything. #Achievers2019 #RecognitionDay2019 #Viannary #endofschoolyear  Fi "
" : perfect section? yes that not us but we the best  naisip ko lang kaya siguro last subject namin ang filipino b af"
"dalagang pilipina aka filipino aegyo"
"Wow y do Filipino romance movies always gotta kick me in the corazon "
"Are all Filipino moms destined to be nurses like fr fr or y just meme-ing yourselves like how I can myself illegal ? (Cuz im Mexican)"
" : Ano mas masarap filipino sausage or german sausage? Hahaha #MMKBusilakNaKorona MMKniJudith"
"I only knew i shared a birthday with Vincent Van Gogh and a Filipino celebrity but apparently eunwoo(who I know fro "
"Hi  Trump administration can't even address properly the kind of need of what u r fighting for. Yet, the gov't "
"Filipino fishermen urged to avoid Panatag shoal  the meantime | "
"Filipino time kaayo."
"Somebody tell their Filipino momma I want some Arroz Caldo since my momma wont"
" : Filipino's real toxicity= crab mentality."
"Those are? cookies, I'm assuming? "
"Naaawa talaga ako sa mga Filipino Commuters na nagmamadaling umalis from work para maaga makauwi and makapagpahinga "
"Pixel Photo Collage Wishes   #JanellaSalvador  a very Happy Birthday! : "
" : even with all this slander about filipino boys on my tl, i still want one oops"
"The Bacolod Tay Tung High School Thunderbolts athletics team is set to compete in the Filipino-Chinese Amateur Athl "
"My final show for the Casino Filipino OVER-HIT series for the month of March.happening tonight at Casino Filipino T "
"Crisis Childhood. Sold out to ISIS: Filipino child soldiers "
"My final show for the Casino Filipino OVER-HIT series for the month of March.happening tonight at Casino Filipino T "
" : Maymay embraced the role and brought love and joy to the Aeta community as she gained inspiration in return not just a"
" Ok...that's hilarious...but only if a person knows what a Filipino accent sounds like lmao"
"Night drives &gt; daytime drives"
" : toxic filipino culture: alam na ngang mali, ginatungan pa ng isa pang pagkakamali. "
"kkkk i have to make a speech about privilege for our filipino class, and maybe ill talk about the privilege that ri "
" Diko trip filipino horror"
" :  Are you Cambodian cuz all this time I thought u Filipino "
"pinagkaiba lang pure filipino to di tulad ni contis na may lahing Italian"
"Nganong bugo kaayo ko sa Filipino oi... Atay, nagkinamais akong mga translation."
" Sabihan mo na lang ng mahinahon na si Daniel Matsunaga nga hindi Filipino pero naging big winner , m "
" Are you Cambodian cuz all this time I thought u Filipino "
"Big Brother: Thank you for loving the Filipino culture even though... Pakinggan ang kabuuan ng kanyang mensahe ka "
"Congratulations, graduates and completers of School Year 2018-2019!  "
"Congratulations, graduates and completers of School Year 2018-2019!  "
" Gumawa ng project sa filipino"
"Filipino Basketball Acadamy  Training - January 2019 "
" I do actually want to try more filipino cuisine, how hard would you judge my cooking skils here  hahha"
"  Daniel Matsunaga is not a Filipino but became the big winner. Congrats to Fumiya for bein "
"Filipino parent food safety logic: it stay fresh overnight so long you throw a napkin over it in room temperature"
" : Hello Filipino Limelights, 's book In the Limelight is now available at  at UP Town Center, Dilim"
"gawen ko muna yung sa filipino"
" Yeah, filipino, filipino, filipino, bebo bebo beb bebo be"
" : hi would anybody be interested in knowing more about some of the filipino cuisine i like? our cuisine has recently been rank"
"doing my job as a responsible and smart filipino citizen: endorsing chel diokno inside a kids toy store "
"like filipino time is not a reason guyssss"
" :  kita. ( love you. in Filipino) -  ganyan, Tay. Marupok ako. Mahal din kita. HAHAHAHA# #"
" Curious to know who rank Filipino cuisine  liked, but nevertheless, as a fellow Filipina, I l "
"bakit sobrang bigdeal sa mga non-kpop fan na maging kpoper ang isang Filipino? di ba nila alam na sumasaya tayo sa "
"  I hope he does his job with the motto of PMA - courage, integrity and loyalty...loyalty to "
"Funny Filipino Signs . . . "
" cannot understand how Filipino evangelicals can build megachurches and cathedrals and stay silent on corruption "
"#TonTon - (again, biased because it one of my top three) great story. Good execution. Well-written. Impactful. "
" #pinoy #asian #filipino #philippines #gay #follow #love #instagood #igers #photography #like #travel #fitness "
"filipino skin tone starting to flourish "
" : filipino moms when they pregnant:  |               | |                |                   |"
" (I translated it coz Filipino as u are might comprehend it better than our own language) Now, am sta "
"If only I spoke Filipino as well, because that means we have another language we can communicate in uwu  Thats fin "
" A favourite Filipino dish: "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"orig filipino art is underrated and thats the "
" filipino youtubers/ 5sos locks hehe"
"Saan ba nakuha ng ibang filipino na salot ang Aeta? Ang alam ko lang na lokohan noon pagkakulot salot pero parang j "
"all i could say is I a proud filipino,, :(("
" Filipino Moderne"
" : ewan q mas bet q talaga mga pang-broken na filipino movies HAHAHSHHAHA"
" : #Eerie is the best horror Filipino movie I seen, maybe in the past decade.  can watch it in cinemas starting tom"
"These Filipino movies on Netflix are dope lmao."
"filipino dramas are annoyingly dramatic smh"
"Ganda in Filipino means Beauty."
"Filipino fishermen are told by the Chinese to fish farther from Panatag. si #DuterteBugaw , iniimbitahan pa a "
"Watching Barcelona on Netflix...: Hindi ako napopogian kay Daniel.: Ba napopogian ka kay John Lloyd?: Ba "
" : Can you spot the real Pia? PHOTOS: Miss Universe 2015 Pia Wurtzbach, the first ever Filipino to have a Madame Tussa"
" : sa foreigner lang naman mabait ang mga filipino eh, pero kapag sa kapwa na nawawala na 'yung pagiging hospitable natin."
" : EERIE (2019) Movie is the best Filipino Horror Movie for me as of now.  Plot Twist  "
"Walang kami,  walang kayo kasi, kasi merong tayo.  Ayyyy taray best in filipino na toh  "
" True! Richest Filipino pa nga yung asawa nya eh. Haha. Sige na, titigil nako. "
"celebrating YOUNG FILIPINO TALENTS. Ylona Garcia should be a. must. in. here. "
" : Pag kahirap naman po ng tanong...hahaha'd rather pick the one who is a Filipino by heart , and I thank you!! #MMKBu"
" : Heart attack ang nakukuha ko sa errie. HAHAHAHAHA. Can i just say na this Movie is the best horror Filipino Movie I've ever s"
"Ano mas masarap filipino sausage or german sausage? Hahaha #MMKBusilakNaKorona MMKniJudith"
"Fumiya is more Filipino than the rest of us who have the blood but doesn't have the heart. #iWantFUMIYAM #Fumiya"
"LOOK | Pres. Duterte declares April 2, 2019 a special non-working day in Bulacan in celebration of Filipino poet Fr "
" : #EERIE my favorite Filipino horror movie."
" filipino youtubers/streamers"
"The Bureau of Fisheries and Aquatic Resources advised local fishermen to avoid the Scarborough (Panatag) shoal  "
"San Antonio Spurs honor 103-year-old Filipino WWII veteran | "
"bat feeling ko kung may twitter acc talaga si mareng jennie bat feeling ko puro filipino nistalk niya HAHAHAHHHHAHAHA"
"toxic filipino mindset: nanahimik ka guilty ka, pag pinaglaban mo sarili mo defensive ka."
"When Vice Ganda said Mahal niyo lang ang bakla pagnagpapatawa o binabatukan pero kapag nagmahal na hindi niyo sinu "
"there korean, Japanese, Chinese then uhhh, ....filipino"
"#Congrats Chin2...#Best in Filipino...#Great giver award...#And being Achiever in Class..."
"A list of ethnicities this girl right here has been mistaken for so far:- Filipino- Malaysian- Taiwanese o "
" : I so tired of the slander of Filipino kings Filipino boys r the wave y are trippin &gt;:("
"this thread hits hard. as a Filipino who writes romance in English, being questioned abt the believability of wha "
"there ain't nothing in this world,nothing in this world like a Filipino boy"
" : genuinely like talking about barongs and Filipino culture. There no better way to ensure a custom barong fits well o"
" : People ask me why I bother to measure in person or to even deal with people directly. Why even bother with the effort"
"filipino culture mah boi "
"The Bureau of Fisheries and Aquatic Resources advised local fishermen to avoid the Scarborough (Panatag) shoal  "
"*every filipino mom "
"Feeling ko mag-eenjoy ako sa Filipino! "
" : (10)  wallpapers/lockscreens Filipino Vines Originals#MaineMendoza #DADDYSGURLCOOLamSummer for TC http"
"Filipino time manen haha pero para sa isang dakilang late, mas maaga ako sa call time ngayon "
"The Anti-Dummy Law prohibits foreigners from intervening in any  activity such as the operation of a "
"Yes, I am a victim of a toxic filipino culture. After graduation, you are responsible at everything. Daig mo pa nag "
"You doing amazing sweetie. Knowing Filipino families.. He gonna be dead "
" is this.. call me by your name filipino remake"
"don't generalize all filipinos is the filipino equivalent of not all men"
"whats a good Filipino show i gotta make my tagalog good"
"Yes, the Navy must begin to act. The West Philippine Sea now looks like the parking area of Chinese vessels out to "
"Advocate for national language pero nandidiri sa Filipino dubbed na palabas at sa ibang OPM lalo na sa rap music.  FOH"
"No migrant, much less illegal Chinese, should be given a job until every Filipino is employed."
" SGI NA UYYY TRY SOMETHING NA NOT FILIPINO HAIR COLOR AHAHHAHAHAHA"
"what do u call a short filipino girl ? oompa lumpia"
" : I'm a sucker for visually stunning/beautifully shot movie scenes. seeing them in Filipino movies doubles the joy.'m still i"
" : temporary pinned tweet! I'm Erika and I'm a Filipino American illustration student! I'm a lover of lore, the supernatural, and"
"toxic filipino culture,,  nagbreak,             (-.-) sisiraan na            /"
"I keep getting older, but 85 year old Filipino men always stay the same age. #primalinsertion"
"   Goofy, are you filipino too?"
" : Vhong x #EXO a thread: Navarro a Filipino comedian, actor, dancer, singer, judge and a TV host."
"Oh my god I just remembered my dream, I was solving a murder case and my only lead is iKON's SINOSIJAK, bc in Filip "
"   That is because of corruption brother. When an honest hardworking filipino dinapuan "
"If your parents are Filipino, the last part doesn apply  "
"Yo Filipino followers, if it makes you happy I have a fillipino aunt :D at least we kinda got one thing in common"
"My mom made some Filipino spaghetti &amp; it 12:30am  called me downstairs to taste it. "
" I see ur half Filipino half invader lol"
"Filipino's real toxicity= crab mentality."
" If filipino bee gees, vst &amp; co"
"   Lol there 1 Filipino guy in that picture which is probably his wife bro. Real Fil "
" OOOOOOO....... U HAVENT HAD HOT POT OMGGG my filipino friend also hasnt tried many chinese food idk why i "
" : English - Hello - Konichiwa - Annyeonghaseyo  - Hola - HOY GAGO KAMUSTA PRE, TUMABA KA Y"
"   imagine this, showing ang avengers &amp; isang filipino film, alin papanoorin "
"We have some Filipino-Chinese patriots but we also have a bunch of Filipino-Chinese traitors loitering the Malaca Palace."
"maaaah bakit naman ganun grade ko sa filipino?  binigay ko naman lahat"
" IM PA CHINESE HAHA My grandparents are mixed  bUT IM MOSTLY FILIPINO HUEHUE"
" :  Nakialam na ang boss nya. Her Filipino citizenship for convenience should be revoked immediately and kick"
"Hi  , can you pls add more Filipino movies ? I watched every single one that on there already "
" : We are excited to map out the Fiesta Filipino 2019 and collaborate with the greater Arts community.  a few days, st"
" : #MissUniverse 2015 #PiaWurtzbach is the FIRST Filipino to be part of Madame Tussauds! Check out how real her wax figure loo"
"  why did you delete your name calling tweet ? I wouldn't judge the PH genius, y "
"Toxic Filipino Culture: Imemeessage ka lang kapag may kailangan. Pag Hindi mo magawa or mpagbigyan sa favor na hini "
"Y'all aint really hate Filipino boys y'all just in this for the twitter clout"
"E/e/r/i/e looks good but it feels like a Conjuring universe film, more like a Filipino rip-off - and it's not a good thing"
" : &lt; Why are you running? "
" i filipino LOL"
" : Madame Tussaud reveals 1st Filipino wax figure of Pia Wurtzbach "
" :  saved people??? yes, but at the expense of FILIPINO CHILDREN??? how insensitive can you be "
"   because they cater the taste of this called 'masang pilipino', which is t "
" :   Hoi Bambam Pagpag takalin mo nalang ang Baboy Putangina kang Salot sa inang bayan. Sa dami damin"
" didn't know u was Brazilian thought u was Filipino tbh lol"
"Elderly Filipino man protecting his dog from the rain. "
"  If they don't deny the harassment being done against our fellow countrymen, they advises the "
" Balik kana dito maghaharutan pa uli tayo buong filipino time HAHAHAHAH"
"They literally filipino  I LITERALLY  just got off the phone with jungkook he said hes bringing turon to the pot "
" :  LOL crab mentality pbb is not only for full blooded Filipino who wants to join kasi if oo bakit p sila kukuh"
" || Wait a minute, you are a Filipino?"
"The Trade Union Congress of the Philippines has urged the government to step up training of Filipino construction w "
"The Trade Union Congress of the Philippines has urged the government to step up training of Filipino construction w "
"It's the weekend and we're craving for these signature drinks from  The Wise King's Joe Villanueva "
" Nakialam na ang boss nya. Her Filipino citizenship for convenience should be revoked immediately and "
"toxic filipino culture.  someone says something that isn't true. dili ka mu tingog : oh diba tinuod kay "
" : really? you know what fam Im so happy. Im so proud to say that Inigo is a Filipino.  "
" :  coast guard regularly intimidate Filipino fishermen | "
" safe flights dalagang filipino"
" : I'm thrilled to be in conversation about my book Empire of Care: #Nursing and #Migration in #Filipino American History at"
"I watch one Filipino film on Netflix, get recommended ALL the other pinoy films on netflix. Netflix stop wtf"
" : How does the TRAIN Law which you  passed make Filipino lives more comfortable? "
" Yeah.. not typical na filipino horror movie."
"I gonna be that typical Filipino mom that when my kid hurts herself/himself  be like: cge isa pa para masak "
"Tbh, mas mahirap may translate ng Filipino to English."
"Ayp diko padn nagagawa kulang ko sa filipino HAHAHAH"
"#SuperbalitasaTanghali: Sambayanang Filipino, inimbitahang makiisa sa gaganaping Earth Hour mamayang gabi!"
" LOL crab mentality pbb is not only for full blooded Filipino who wants to join kasi if oo bakit p si "
"LONGGANISA PANDESAL: Two of the breakfast favorites rolled into one! The savory and smoky longganisa sandwiched wit "
"i'll never be this filipino mom. afterall i've been through in this field.wag na wag kang mag-nunurse anak "
" If these Belgian NGOs are receiving fundings from #Belgium govt and downloading the funds to their "
"Does being Japanese and Korean cancel out being Filipino in this equation? "
"Bench Cafe has elevated their take on the classic Filipino turo-turo food while staying true to its promise of bein "
"  Magandang filipino yeah hahaha"
"   I bad with filipino spelling "
" coast guard regularly intimidate Filipino fishermen | "
"..           just dropping down to say "
" Owh Thanks God no one get hurt. Btw i google translate your Filipino to understand what you said ."
"legit teared up when I got the news!!! hooray for you,  and hooray for Filipino music on international "
"Our hotel breakfast buffet has so many veg-friendly options. I had veggie fried rice, roast potatoes, scrambled v "
" : idc what any filipino says to me, tinola is the worst filipino food ever bye"
"why do i see the the dalagang pilipina challenge as a filipino version of 'aegyo' ??"
" : 3 national scientists, dean of filipino librarians father of ophthalmology politicians group of stu"
"PROUD FILIPINO HERE! PLEASE COME BACK TO THE PHILIPPINES   "
"30 likes mag-pure Filipino ka sa mga tweet mo. One day.  Ang hirap naman niyan pero aking susubukan "
"I overheard last night while buying barbeque tindera ng bbq: Iboto n'yo sa senador si ano kakilala ko 'to taga "
" Problematic talaga filipino gaming community "
"buti na lang di ako nagmadali, i know my tropa talagaaa;) HAHAHA ALWAYS FILIPINO TIME"
"A former UP professor and his equally enterprising wife share pearls of wisdom about how something French has becom "
"Of course the nurse that taking care of my grandma happens to be related to us LMAO. It doesn get more Filipino than that."
"filipino moms when they pregnant:  |               | |                |                   | "
" : Me as a Filipino nurse...  "
"Only In The Philippines FILIPINO MOMS' NUMBER ONE LINESA KAKACELPHONE MO YAN"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
" || Oh god, did I just hear filipino history?"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 | "
"If these Belgian NGOs are receiving fundings from #Belgium govt and downloading the funds to their partner NGOs in "
"What is that Filipino fish with veggies and meat stuffed in the middle and it wrapped with a leaf?"
"the fact that filipinos fetish and give privilege and praise and glorify fair skinned people and discrimate those t "
"Aired (March 28, 2019): Isa ang patupat sa mga sikat na delicacy sa Pangasinan. Ano kaya ang kaibahan ng proseso ng "
"Filipino-Chinese Amateur Athletics Federation division C long jump record broken by  "
"My coworker just quit because she was done being discriminated by customers for not speaking Tagalog or being Filip "
" Tibong Filipino ye!"
"I was able to cook adobo, I am so happy. I am so used to cooking other Asian cuisines that I haven't been able to h "
"Watching the filipino channel and I can decide if I wanna watch the one where the poor girl marries a rich guy OR "
" my unclutured ass had to have my filipino friend translate this for me"
" : Later let's fall in love and be inspired in one of our filipino tribe's story#MMKBusilakNaKorona  MMKniJudith"
"What are your favorite songs?  basta opm hahaha support filipino music "
"10 followers away from hitting 400! Can we get there? Should there be some sort of prize involved? How about a free "
"He couldn take his eyes away from this.  ..#IGMNL #KTGVR #QC #QuezonCity #PH #Philippines  #grammerph "
"If u think people are jeje for watching Filipino films (mainstream or indie), then you are shit. "
"Binge watching all the Filipino movies on Netflix "
"perfect section? yes that not us but we the best  naisip ko lang kaya siguro last subject namin ang filipino b "
" I will put this on Facebook. Gagawin ko pong Filipino ang pagkakasulat doon. Salamat."
" : ATTENTION! : aspiring campus journalists of KCNHS: School-based Campus Journalism Training Workshop (English"
"this white girl is talking to us about Filipino life.. she might be talking to the wrong people"
"Benjamin Alves takes time off from his busy schedule to explore Caramoan. Get to know more about his pride in his F "
" Bruh....Brazilian, Italian and Filipino"
"Filipino stereotypes:Ano tinapos mo?IT poTrabaho mo? Call center?"
"Hi, I made a playlist. These songs are from underrated Filipino rap artists. Hehe.  "
"  Filipino mentality Dae. "
"I checked in at Merkato Ethiopian Restaurant &amp; Market on #Yelp "
" : Literally every Filipino tita outfit  "
"I think studying Filipino for a month and understanding some of your tweets made me feel needy  wow . i'm glad baby "
"you fuck ass filipino boys are ruining these opportunities for me. CLEAN UP YOUR AAAAAACTT!!!!"
" : What's up twitter? I'm Leah and I'm a pansexual half filipino half black girl who does her best and wants to make friends wh"
"Langot nga filipino version sa the nun langoooot hahaha"
"Later let's fall in love and be inspired in one of our filipino tribe's story#MMKBusilakNaKorona  MMKniJud "
"san ang filipino mutuals ko,,, mag usap tayo "
"Seeing these foreigners enjoy Korean food makes me so happy, like how I feel every time I see other nationalities e "
"  fOR cLouT dumb bitch HAHAHAHA"
"What Filipino movie on Netflix should I cry to tonight"
"*I "
"#PIA86 National Convention 2019 (Philippine Institute  of Architects) and PIASA (Philippine Institute  of Architect "
"Ugh these half whites &amp; their dumb ass accent always ruining filipino shows/movies"
"    I am a Filipino and I reside in the Philippines, I agree with what "
"this literally happened to me yesterday. boy: what is filipino music called?: uhhh boy: or like do f "
"ATM: Filipino-American Real Estate Professional Association (FAREPA) Bay Area, Inc is proud to celebrate its 15th y "
"What's the Filipino name of this fruit?#starfruit #philippinefruit #tropicalfruit #tropicalfood  #didyouknow "
" Ain't no Filipino nurse that be putting that stuff on their faces. We have perfect skin."
" : Don shit compare to loving someone &amp; they don love ya back"
"Period  "
"Manjean Faldas graces the stage for  a talk about Filipino shoutcasters.#ItamGameCon2019#TheChampionsQuest "
"Literally no one:-something Filipino who just bought a cactus: I such a tito/a!"
"Not Filipino by blood but Filipino by HEA! Aishiteru Fumiya! Thank you for loving our country ! always th "
"Pilipino/Pilipina- tawag sa mga taong nakatira sa pilipinas- ginagamit na SALITA ng mga nasa pilipinas"
" : One of our co-founders  is having a vegan filipino sandwich pop-up this Sunday in the LES under the name O"
" : unpopular opinion: Filipino edition yung mga gumagamit ng prefix na ni- para sa mga verb na obviously kaya n"
"Parang ako lang yung Filipino na naglalakad kanina eh. Tapos puro checks na."
"That all you Mfs wanna do though "
"Daddy doggystyling filipino twink bareback "
" : Isang malaking karangalan po isang pinay din ang gaganap sa kapwa pinay lahi dugo po tayo"
"I like how most of the filipino college students I know and follow all have 'thesis' in their  's atm"
"filipino inggitera is shakin' "
"  She's Indonesian, not Filipino."
"Filipino has an amazing talent. They can be a one time millionaire right after they received their pay and wheb the "
"#MyPhBoy ctto 2 lean muscles://t.co/LM8eonolBZ my accounts ig/tw  fb/yt  My "
" coast guard regularly intimidate Filipino fishermen | "
" :   I dont think so but of course I wouldn know. I don believe in any superstitious Filipino beliefs :) #D"
"A new advertisement (Live-out Helper in East Coast) has been published on Find a Nanny. for a Live-out Fili "
" coast guard regularly intimidate Filipino fishermen | "
"I really shouldn be watching Filipino romance movies while on my period bc now I *hysterically crying in Tagalog* T___T"
"Is Four Sisters and a Wedding the most  Filipino movie? "
" :  Filipino people urges US to have a brain.."
"The fact that when I on my period, I end up cooking some Filipino food because I always craving Filipino food. "
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 | "
"54. Unlovable [2018]: Suzi Yoonessi // American-Filipino rep, sex addict &amp; codependence talks, gud s "
"Madame Tussaud reveals 1st Filipino wax figure of Pia Wurtzbach "
"Rather than just blogging about general J-Pop in general, I decided to make the blog about (East &amp; Southeast) Asian "
"Un filipino descubre que la piedra que ten en casa es la perla m grande del mundo "
"Lawrence is black n Mexican and I black n Filipino but I SWEAR it should be the other way around  I LOVE Mexican "
"  Yesssss! It is because people din nmn expects nga after school work agad walang break brea "
" : DILI SAD TANAN BISAYA GAHI ANG PAGKA-PRONOUNCE SA WORDS. ABI LANG NA NINYO. WE ACTUALLY CAN SPEAK FILIPINO AND ENGLISH WITH"
" : Huwow!  thank you Definitely Filipino   "
"This Filipino Waiter Delivers Food On A Hover Unicycle Like A Boss! "
" tae literally means  in filipino (my native language)"
" : i'm Filipino and i DO NOT want to be a nurse at all"
" HDJHDJSHDHSH CHELS I DIDNT KNOW UR A FILIPINO TOO XD"
"alam ko na kung bakit hindi ko naintindihan pt sa filipino "
"sa He 02?  hmm bilang lang mga kilala koo dito e pero madami kaming respondents dito sa filipino research so ayun "
" : PLEASE HELP ME GAIN MORE FIL MUTUALS   THIS IF U R A FILIPINO  FOLLOW BACK "
"i told my filipino parents that im getting a nose piercing when im 18 and if looks could kill i be in a casket rn"
"These white girls want me to go get piercings with them. Sounds like a wild night for this Filipino."
"Bakit habang sinasalin ko sa Filipino ang pambatang English book,, iba nasa isip ko sa gustong ipahiwatig ng libro. "
" : muting the words  boys  a form of self care"
"ewan q mas bet q talaga mga pang-broken na filipino movies HAHAHSHHAHA"
"idc what any filipino says to me, tinola is the worst filipino food ever bye"
" : Toxic filipino culture is when tough and straightforward questions are considered rude and impolite - #Gazette"
"nakakainggit yung mga magagaling magsulat in both Filipino and English :/"
" Filipino"
"Are Filipino commuters the only ones in the world who cheat on fare payment? No, not really.://t.co/sT1RVGYw8g"
" :  Reminds me of how Filipino music bands are introduced back in the day: the Side A band, the Eraserheads band, the Introv"
" : How does one teach Article III, Section 4 in light of everything that happening in the country? silver lining is m"
"These Filipino dramas hit so hard. I crying my heart out. On top of that, my hormones don help"
"Parishioners in shock after Filipino priest charged with rape in Pennsylvania "
" : Toxic filipino trait?  Being Judgemental "
"My heart fellow filipino  x   "
" WOW NAMAN YUNG SA WIKANG FILIPINO HA SAN MO NAKUHA YONN AHAHAHAHHAHAA PEROOO SALAMATTTTT"
"Having so many filipino concerts in Toronto is exciting but like.....when is Sarah G going to have a concert here? T.T"
"You been in this thread for more than 5 days also been in my mentions that long... I, a filipino chinese, d "
"I do believe in kulam. Not that I experienced it nor did I witness it. Pero it mentioned kasi in the bible so it "
"No assault, but Chinese  Filipino fishermen near Pagasa Island, says Kalayaan mayor no dire "
" : Call for applications:PHILFRANCE 2019.  As quoted from the link below:The PhilFrance Scholarship is a French government"
"Tangina wala pa ko gawa sa filipino tambak gawain ako sheet"
"how tf do filipino boys break hearts when they look like martins purefoods bite sized sausages i don't understand"
"Sorry but I didn see the hype in the kid singing the Filipino song"
"Yay! 80 pa diay kos Filipino. HAHAHAHAHAHA Thanks M' Sayas beybeh "
" Filipino Latina mix is the best though "
" I have to say I know more about Filipino showbiz scene than Bollywood now. I dont remember the last tim "
" : if youve met me... you know im actually just a fuck boy in a small filipino girl's body LMAO"
"Huy teka muna ang pogi ni Mario Maurer sa video ni erich hnnng  rather than another movie together i wanna see a "
" : must-do for next week: math project accounting pt critique paper ap proj music proj science quiz english qui"
" NAPAKAGANDANG NILALANG  in FILIPINO "
" That's so good to know... Well, it's a looong story haha. It started with the movie FourSisters&amp;aWeddin "
"That 'Don't cry, c'mon you eat!!!!!' takes me back to my childhood when i was oftentimes mistaken to not understand "
"     The ones I know of that like black men are Cambodian, Filipino, Vietnamese"
"         "
" : My two favorite gangster movies of all time are INFERNAL AFFAIRS, about a Hong Kong police officer who infiltrates a Tria"
"Kaya maraming namba-bash kay Gutoc ay dahil pino-promote niya ang kabaligtaran ng adhikain ng gobyerno natin. She w "
"The story is something uncommon. Lalo na sa Filipino set up. Maganda!!!"
"My two favorite gangster movies of all time are INFERNAL AFFAIRS, about a Hong Kong police officer who infiltrates "
" : SONG COVER CHENSTIVAL EXO-L singers, we encourage you to join the #CHENSTIVAL and upload your covers of Chen s"
"that fILiPiNo hOsPitAliTy isnt real marami lang talagang plastik dito"
"Not just Japanese, but also Chinese* and various Asian ethnicities including Vietnamese and Filipino. Somehow peopl "
"another Filipino boy being racist on my TL "
" kita. ( love you. in Filipino) -  ganyan, Tay. Marupok ako. Mahal din kita. HAHAHAHA "
" : voting for  is supposedly a no-brainer decision... in the most perfect world dapat number 1 sya sa polls. I am"
"di excuse yung  Ganun talaga! Filipino tayoo e! pag Filipino ka dapat gago ka?"
" : [#] ..       ...        ("
" : REMINDER: NAU FASA is NOW selling TICKETS for the LOW PRICE of $5 for The 1st Annual Filipino Culture Night here at NAU on Sa"
" SAY IT LOUDER FOR THE PEOPLE IN THE BACK  because i don speak the language doesn make me any les "
" : Masyado kayong maraming dada at lahat sa wikang banyaga, kung makahusga akala mo sila lang ang may karapatan sa lahing Filip"
" : For the past 9 years, LETS-CDC has been one with the Filipino people in forwarding calls for humane and just policies. With th"
"that filipino guy on the good place....... spare marriage sir?"
" : weights in his home. - Victor Thorn - Prominent Clinton critic found dead of apparent suicide on his birthday.  - S"
"I am not calling a casting call for Durham Filipino FEST performers this September. I want a handpicked of the bests."
"Toronto-based Filipino rapper  Unveils  Call Music Video #Question #hiphop #newvideo #Toronto "
" : Salute to Filipino rural women farmers under  for playing a key role in building a strong peasant movemen"
" : Filipino desert slaps bro how could anyone not love it"
" You so pretty"
" :  "
" Masayang kasama malakas trip gustong palaganapin ang wikang Filipino"
"Fyi ive been teaching my coworker Filipino words and cuss words so she understood  and we both laughed wala lang skl"
"what filipino merienda heaven looks like  . .#maayohotel #mandaue #merienda #filipinofood "
" : Magtanim ay di biro!  That is why we need to provide our Filipino farmers with 1. water access, 2. input financing, and 3."
"Not answering in any particular order.. I am Filipino, German, and Eastern European"
" Did it hurt?"
" I took french in school, not realizing it would get me lots of extra pay in the army. She is from "
"iba pa rin pag yung binabasa ko, Filipino yung writer. ibang klase."
"Korean Ramyun with Filipino Sardines | Korean tries Filipino "
" Did you do it?"
"  Hindi ka nakaka intindi Filipino-American...nag dual citizen siya!"
"The only people i have real trouble with understanding when speaking english are South Koreans, they really need to "
" : Remember when we said we were introducing a new Filipino superhero to the Marvel Universe in WAR OF THE REALMS: AGENTS OF ATLA"
"Tonight, the Filipino Students Association of Toronto met with mentors from the University of the Philippines Alumn "
"In celebration of the release of the upcoming thriller  Sematary, Paramount Pictures has collaborated with a C "
" : Andre has Filipino blood yet c Fumiya mas magaling pa mag Tagalog kesa c Andre na walang walang effort :/ #PBBGradu8tion"
"Netflix will be changing its name to Netplix soon . #netflix #filipino "
"Filipino laborers are evicted due to influx of Chinese labor. "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"#8211; Filipino arrested for drugs in Paranaque"
"Filipino desert slaps bro how could anyone not love it"
"We highlight the methods in culturally adapting a #ementalhealth program: Cultural Adaptation of a Scalable World H "
"Lmao my phone screen just repaired itself once again"
" : I'll make a gc for all FILIPINOS TXT STAN  IF YOU;- FILIPINO- maingay- mahal ang txt- single- siomai ricr ang um"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"filipino deobis!!! are there any tickets left for the castle?"
"  I dont eat halo-halo. I know, Im not a true Filipino hehe #DADDYSGURLCOOLamSummer"
"It would really bother me if people imply that I'm less Filipino because I'm lighter skinned, so it bothers me when "
" coast guard regularly intimidate Filipino fishermen://t.co/6UFhLVg3Jw"
"Some of y complain so much about your life but don do anything to change it. Why don you put all that energ "
"Department of Labor and Employment, nagkaloob ng tulong-pinansyal sa pamilya ng limang Overseas Filipino Workers na "
"I checked in at Vinz on Fairfax on #Yelp "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"Awkward moment when I the only Chinese/Filipino in a Malay wedding "
" Hope i can find the link where a Filipino professor from NUS LKY School of Policy did the math, that "
" : dalagang filipino yeah"
"nababaliw nako sa filipino assignment pre huhu kaubos brain cellz"
"Mga Dalagang Filipina Yeah! Mga Binatang Filipino Yeah! mamaya 4pm!"
" : (9)  wallpapers/lockscreens Filipino Vines Originals#MaineMendoza #DADDYSGURLCOOLamSummer for TC https"
"Nacaisbzkavama mygad filipino kaaaaa ahhhhhhhhhh "
" : She looks like a filipino aunt holding her breath for a family picture JSKSJKS "
"The DFA is requesting for information of the next-of-kin of a Mr. Richard Soriano, a Filipino suffering from amnesi "
"Will ANDY BROWN fall in love with a gay Filipino?'T FORGET TO LIKE THIS PAGE!!! FOR THE LATEST BUZZ, JUST "
"try mo din magtagalog sa personal di puro english kairita parang di ka proud na filipino ka eh GRRRR  uyyyyy mali "
"Shoutout to  for creating relatable music. Filipino really love this kind of music. "
" I wasnt born in the Philippines but im proud to have filipino blood "
" : A4 We celebrate language and culture-music, food, the works.  had Alter de Muertos/Cinco de Mayo, Chinese New Year, and Fi"
"filipino ka tas ang konyo konyo mo GRRRRRRRR  Weh?? Di naman ako konyo ah my times lang na napapaenglish ako pag g "
"PHOTO: fans got their Tickets after waiting from 4AM! Best Fans in the World!  #WESTLIFEManila2019 "
"gente e eu que botei a letra em filipino no tradutor pra aprender a pronunciar s pra cantar direitinho. obg now un "
"Dalagang Filipino yeah "
"i'm Filipino and i DO NOT want to be a nurse at all"
"bro this; beyond being a filip myself, working in the service industry- you could be minding your business just try "
"What are your favorite songs?  Basta kanta ng mga Filipino bands oks ako "
""
" : Filipino Arnis: Power Behind Your Techniques "
" : James Reid (a Filipino actor) is wearing Mark XCIIIEvolution Mustard Hoodie &amp; the one seated beside him is wearing the c"
"#filipinafriday To all the Fly Pinays that was at lead_filipino event last Saturday! Tag a Fly Pinay!  "
"even with all this slander about filipino boys on my tl, i still want one oops"
"Here's an idea, look up #sigawdarna on Instagram and appreciate the Filipino art community"
"Y'all she's Filipino pride. And she stan  "
"Yes naa kay grado sa filipino hahaha"
" :    dalagang filipino yeah "
" i don understand filipino i so sorry"
" wala nang pag asa ang pilipinas.the Filipino is not worth dying for.sayang lang ang talino,panahon,pawis at dugo nyo."
"  Everyone deserve to be a big winner. Thus, Fumiya -kun deserve the slot. Hindi po hadlang "
"New #podcast of our #filipino show my #hugot out now. Marcy's been trying to get a promotion at work. Hence the del "
"One #Filipino man wanted to serve #God in his #community despite his partial paralysis, and he saw God's "
"Do you ever just like think these days. Like WOW I get to be Filipino in this universe! The people of the SUN  Ye "
" : Ang mga nagmamarunun dyan about racism po iban lahi si judith aeta Filipina  po dayuhan si "
"14 years later, Filipino girl marries the American boy who gave her Christmas present - Good Times "
" : That feeling when your English speaking friends are in a room filled of Filipino normies and you know that you and your friend"
"Pag kahirap naman po ng tanong...hahaha'd rather pick the one who is a Filipino by heart , and I thank you!! "
"MNL48: MNL48 performs Filipino version of AKB48 Sakura no Hanabiratachi "
"My 10 year old little cousin is now fluent in 4 languages. He can speak Filipino, Visayan, English and French. I feel so insecure."
" : 11/10. Must watch LEGIT Filipino film!  . Bring companion!!! "
"He's  is encouraging others to give the challenge a try; recommending that they start at a level compatible with th "
"I live in a 20 unit apartment building. In my building there are. units white  units mexican unit cuban uni "
"//Reading Filipino history in the Tl is like I'm back in my daily high school life .*remembers how much he has th "
" :   Filipino attitude of bahala na is really nakabaBAHALA. Bakit mo pa iboboto c Mar? #OtsoDiretso"
" : Why are Filipino authorities arresting 's CEO  under the Cybercrime Prevention Act for a story published"
" : Can we just stop with the whole Filipino time shit! There a set call time and start time so let STA ON TIME!!! People con"
"As issues of alleged harassment of Filipino fishermen by Chinese Coast Guard in the Scarborough (Panatag) Shoal res "
" : apreciem eu vs meu amigo filipino disputando quem termina 500ml de cerveja em 60 segundos "
"if youve met me... you know im actually just a fuck boy in a small filipino girl's body LMAO"
" i'm filipino! so that's my native language hehe i also started learning english more or less at the same "
" : lmao darna is just filipino shazam rule 63"
"Imagine future movie posters in Ancient Filipino Script. Imagine. "
" (Imagine: Avenger Simon. I would whale if they release a filipino servant, if Magellan is confirmed to "
"Pia Wurtzbach: the first Filipino Wax Figure at Madam Tussauds | OMTV Ju... "
"not all filipino boys break hearts, y jus be choosing the gago bastos type"
"Things had to happen under the right social circumstances to bring A Sri Lankan &amp; A Filipino together as a family.. "
"#ManoPo3 so 2 people died so these two assholes could be together  the respected Filipino woman -&gt; chooses to t "
"when people find out you're filipino:: omg you're filipino? mabuhay!: ...that's not how you say hell "
"yaw ko talaga sa filipino culture yung sasalubungin ka ng uy tumaba ka! or anything about sa weight mo like sis,, "
"oh yeah btw the admin of the clique.tweets account on instagram is filipino eye"
" : 1/ Okay, the MV looks promising, but there's still another thing that must be improved-the translation of the song that sho"
" : READ: President Duterte declares April 2, 2019 as special non-working day in the province of Bulacan in celebration of"
"Question # 1:  of the two would you appreciate better: a Miss Philippines who is born in the country but can "
" :  Being an indie fan does not make you cool. It doesn't make you more Filipino, either."
" : #APECBelievesInMe believes in me because I learned to be confident in speaking english because when I was in sixt"
"SUGOT MAN KAHA MOG WAY GRADO SA FILIPINO!!! MAKALAGOT HA!!! MURA MAG KAMO MAG EDIT HAYS"
" This is so useful! I didn know any Filipino flavors."
"You should put I'm not pinoy in your bio so ppl stop asking are you filipino? in your cc  i love my current bio "
" Filipino yan no?"
" great set with great laughs!  Much appreciated!  ...#adobo #filipino #pinoy #puto #putangingamo #jokoy "
" Aoki will dispatch of the Filipino pretty easy imo."
"READ: President Duterte declares April 2, 2019 as special non-working day in the province of Bulacan in celebration "
"sa foreigner lang naman mabait ang mga filipino eh, pero kapag sa kapwa na nawawala na 'yung pagiging hospitable "
"naa paman diay filipino uy sheeeyts"
"(10)  wallpapers/lockscreens Filipino Vines Originals#MaineMendoza #DADDYSGURLCOOLamSummer for TC "
"idk if some of my filo mutuals here knows this yt content creator, jericho arceo,,,, uhm if u guys don't know him t "
" : binatang filipino drunk version at 2AM  "
"If I were to recommend Filipino rappers for a listening experience:. Francis M. Gloc-9. Loonie. Ron Henley "
"Maka graduate pakaha ko ani akoang econ ug filipino? Atayyy"
"  Poway.) is it true people there are actual goat ropers?) did they pave the streets "
"  Hahahhahaa... binatang Filipino hahahhahaa"
"let's do this ): essay presentation social doctrines homework geometric sequence  4, "
" : so basically if ure a filipino sunmi and bts stan, rt this i need mutuals ksjdkskd"
" : Thrilled to open an EducationUSA advising center at the University of San Carlos - Talamban Campus to help Filipino studen"
"It aight. ( Athenas Filipino And American Food in Myrtle Beach, SC) "
" : We bet you've still memorized Alms, alms, alms, spare me a piece of bread... #LifeStyle #FromOurArchives  "
"*tagalog or filipino whatevs"
"so basically if ure a filipino sunmi and bts stan, rt this i need mutuals ksjdkskd"
"This Filipino drama making me tear up  it so good"
" : Groomed her from age 5. man jailed for 11 years for molesting Filipino girl overseas "
" And still the government ignores it and said they will verify and even asked proof that Filipino fishermen are being harassed. "
"Shoutout to the African American, Filipino/x, and Latino/x vegans in my life. I love yall so much "
"are you a filipino  no "
" #JONGHYEONGmahal kita is i love you in filipino.  love you! mahal kita # # #DONGKIZ #DONGKIZDEBUT"
" Was the managers name Richard? Filipino guy?"
" So, given that situation, can Filipino fishermen fish in that area now? How are we better now than the previous policy?"
"gustong maging maka Diyos yung anak pero di pinapayagang magsimba? na nagmumura yung anak pero sila ang lutong "
" we don need Filipina girls superhero smh it should be a MAN.. Filipino men &amp; our Natives are the symbol of our country.."
" show me a filipino marvel hero  chop chop!"
" : The best defense is a strong offense. These single stick combinations can finish fights fast! These strikes are the maste"
"Hithithininga in Filipino. mga kapwa ko trinaydor ako. Dios na mahapagin- "
"Rodrigo Duterte has energized the Filipino people and the Philippines like no other President has in the last three "
"  Filipino attitude of bahala na is really nakabaBAHALA. Bakit mo pa iboboto c Mar? #OtsoDiretsoSaPosoNegro"
"Filipino armys jumped to bandwagon on bullying andrea brillantes because she did an awkward fanchant but kept givin "
" : Featured in today's #JuanaSays is the first female Filipino marathon runner to qualify for the Olympics. Mary Joy Tabal is al"
" : Not only the livelihood of our fishermen but also the local food security &amp; domestic industrial development are at sta"
"LMAO TF IS THIS "
" I watched a Filipino horror movie where the skin whitening cream saved everyone &amp; most of the cast was "
" : Awards of FumiYam    Worthy Man, Hold hold, and Oh My Gas award.  Proud of Ya Fumiya, Filipino at Heart"
"Filipino 9 "
" Teacher: Anong sabi ni Rizal nung nahuli siya ng kastila?: NAHOLI ME TANGENE!: 95~"
"hi would anybody be interested in knowing more about some of the filipino cuisine i like? our cuisine has recently "
"filipino men &gt; "
" Oo! Dili siya anang typical na filipino horror film. Naay budget. Hawd kayo si bea"
"grabeng filipino time ito hahahaha ang usang 6:30 naging 10, 10:30 na di pa din nag aalisan HAHHAHA"
"I'm still mindblown by how diverse my workplace is. I am Filipino and am currently on duty with a Palestinian-Jorda "
"  let the Filipino king live"
"My brother told me earlier that he sent his dna to get it checked and see what the hell we are. I'm almost certain "
"When your fellow Filipino brethren is showing his fanboy side-"
"whatsup with filipino moms being obsessed with designer bags? i know my mom isn the only one"
" : She did less to earn that title shot than the Wrestlemania one. Asuka deserves so much better."
"If Filipino wasn a subject I would gotten red eagle"
"Such an admirable act,  always remember that the Filipino people have your back. "
"Sarap tignan yung unti-unting pagbuo ng M7. Tapos sasabihin ni Tulfo tamad Filipino construction workers? Sobrang "
"And because of how profound the book was- and still is- up till present (it's still part of the Filipino Subject cu "
" : Nobody:  nobody: even the fucking music::                                                  |"
"Damn Filipino teleseryes bringing on the waterworks. Fck. #TFC"
" : What I see in #SahayaPangako is about understanding the other side of being a Filipino in culture and ethnicity. It doe"
"Chinese often people try to guess and go down a list of Asian countries but Japan is "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"am forming an innate hate towards chinese. first because chinese yung boyfriend nya, second dahil sa nangyayari nga "
"Here's . - BenCab Sabel, the Filipino actress who captured Japan Yakushi Pearl Award and recipie "
"#ArtPH #SigawDarna is a proof na kayang kaya ng filipino artists na makipagsabayan sa ibang bansa when it comes to "
" : jihoon did jeojang in a special way  tagalog ver mays, itatatak ko kayo sa puso ko (filo mays I will save you"
" : Hannah Montana  "
"my filipino mom when i didnt reply to her text in 5 seconds  "
"We bet you've still memorized Alms, alms, alms, spare me a piece of bread... #LifeStyle #FromOurArchives  "
"At  learning about  &amp; how to go about teaching &amp; developing the Filipino Whole Child :-) "
" : People keep quoting this tweeting saying this is a lie, what kind of Filipino boys hurt y???? Like okay I dealt with a c"
"You can't argue with people determined to remain ignorant. They will drag you down to their level and then beat you "
" : I love hearing the words ... I have a secret to tell you, come here and if you filipino then you know exactly why "
"Tarmo! Come 6th October 2019 and he will conduct the #ManilaPhilharmonicOrchestra. Will keep u posted. "
"#MissUniverse 2015 #PiaWurtzbach is the FIRST Filipino to be part of Madame Tussauds! Check out how real her wax fi "
" At Rex now, learning about ASCD &amp; how to help Filipino teachers to teach &amp; develop the Filipino Whole Child."
" :  bat parang barbie doll pero Filipino version ajshdjdkd &lt;33"
"things I have to do but haven done German Expressionism Kabanata Reading (Simoun and Basilio)  "
"A4 We celebrate language and culture-music, food, the works.  had Alter de Muertos/Cinco de Mayo, Chinese New Ye "
"did all of you just cancel sunmi just because she said BTS paved the way not wonder girls?? she was literally part "
"Here's Iza Calzado - BenCab Sabel, the Filipino actress who captured Japan Yakushi Pearl Award, recipient of mu "
"First Filipino anime series Barangay 143 launches OST. "
" Yay for Filipino food! Where's your rice? LOL. My mom gets mad when we don't eat rice. "
"Paramount Pictures collabs with Filipino artist for  Sematary alternative poster  MB "
"parang normal na sa filipino fam culture ang mataas na satisfaction;Like kailangan ikaw talaga ang nangunguna para maging proud sila sayo."
"Toxic Filipino parent trait:  Buti pa si ganito,  ano..... "
"Her stance on same-sex marriage cannot overshadow the fact that she has a heart of gold for the Filipino masses. I "
"filipino by heart. "
" Lmao I was watching my Filipino show!!!"
" Kailangan yun Hahahahha lowest grade ko filipino "
"send help first time ko gumawa ng minitask sa filipino"
"A day after her arrest over a charge of violating the country anti-dummy law, CEO and executive editor of Filipin "
"// Like, we live south of y'all have so many people over there Y'ALL TOSS US A BONE??? FUCK IT, GENDER BEN "
" : The Ai-Ai &amp; Uge tandem is the pinnacle of filipino comedy movies: the pang-masa kind of comedy na hindi pilit &amp; also may"
"  I could been near them once  don live in Phillipines, but I half Filipino and I "
"Filipino time dyud"
"My Aunt threw my Dad Gold Jewelry in and screamed it should have been me and I, Very loudly said  you righ "
" grundoonmgnx: Orley Ypon (Filipino, b. 1973) "
"DAGHANAG IINGON SA TAO OY! CAN U JUST MIND UR OWN BUSINESS?? Bisita diay tawag ana, malalakr or babae B "
"Work served us Filipino food today.  Don't regret moving back to Cali from NYC...at all.  "
"I understand the ongoing debate. That said, I WILL fucking call you morons out if you mock someone else's mental he "
"filipino world called babylon"
"Darna is fair-skinned because the actress playing her is fair-skinned! is exactly the point. For a superher "
" :  idk if this is an unpopular opinion or not but Honor Thy Father still gets to me acting, the cinematogr"
" : The Filipino gov is clearly using these tactics to try and close down news coverage that is critical as editors "
"Filipino Servants. must be the end of the World."
" You are supposed to be inside your jail only.. And like other filipino prisoners should not have an "
" Filipino word for  if "
" : Liza Soberano, a popular Filipino actress and well known Army&amp;Jungkook biased attending BTS LY Concert in HongKong with h"
"Ang cute may episode ng grimm na filipino related hehehe"
"ok but bitch lasagna sounds like the filipino mythical creatures rap"
"My favorite Filipino indie film is finally releasing its sequel! #AngKwentoNatingDalawa #TayoSaHulingBuwanNgTaon://t.co/2hZnHQOeiA"
"my filipino/tagalog is honestly not as fluent as i want it to be, a lot of deep words i dont know dream is to e "
"More and more filipino celebs loving   its nice to see it but also worries by the time the boys will have "
" PLS IM SO PROUD TO BE A FILIPINO"
"91.91 ng quiz na zinero sa filipino kasi akala di ako excused!!! very nice"
" Mr. Soriano next-of-kin are requested to immediately coordinate with the DFA through the Office o "
"Good morning.. Be proud a filipino#MMKBusilakNaKorona MMKniJudith "
"#DFABulletin on the medical repatriation of a Filipino with amnesia: "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"Earlier morning workout #befit #workout #workhard #everydayhustle #hustle #workhardplayhard #gymmotivation "
" : Toxic filipino trait. Pag ang babae kusog mamarkada ug lalaki bigaon na dayon. Well, hello to my guy friends out there"
"       Watch filipino films an "
"Indeed, China, can be a partner of the Philippines in the development of its economy and in improving also, the liv "
"Thank you lord for all the blessings!!! 8 putaheng filipino food order! "
"Paki explain ang Jeepney.. Filipino Philosophy  chos laaaaaang hahahaha annyeong!  Hahahahaha. Hmmm. Murag 1 "
"#CitizenServices is the Filipino access to diverse information on civil registration, passport application, and o "
" : Free Will Wade. Fire Joe Alleva."
" : I'm a proud Filipino. #MMKBusilakNaKorona  MMKniJudith "
" :   People say Filipino engineers are one of the best in the world but when our country has substandard or p"
" fishermen told to fish farther from Panatag://t.co/DHW4mFvKdm "
" : . had the biggest swing of #OpeningDay.  enjoy 30% off your entire order from  with code: PAPASLAM http"
" This exercise is very Filipino."
"Pero so far yung film na sobrang na-amaze ako is Respeto. Daaamn the parallels, the cinematography, filipino rap + "
" : i saw the catholic poll with bato at #6, and bong go, imee &amp; other people entering magic 12 catholics are th"
"Suman. Classic Filipino breakfast. #helloweekend"
"The archbishop seemed to be not wanting to appear political, saying  I would support them, not as an ins "
" : hey! i'll be posting all of my thoughts here. they may be in filipino/english though."
" :    BOL BOL in filipino language means pubic hair"
"Pinakamalalim ang vocabulary sa gals, english? And filipino?  si aubbb "
"Another successful #FourCourseFriday #Fridayfood: spinach salad w/Asian vinaigrette: carrot soup with di "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"// sb: I think Rizal is a playboy.: no, Rizal is NOT a playboy gtfo:: I mean: considering the standard "
"I'm a proud Filipino. #MMKBusilakNaKorona  MMKniJudith "
" : The archbishop seemed to be not wanting to appear political, saying  I would support them, not as an institution"
"Duque: Mga 750 to about 800 thousand na Filipino (ang nagkakasakit ng tuberculosis)."
"Filipino beef steak is hearty, tasty and perfect with steamed rice just ask  owner of  "
"'four sisters and a wedding' is and will always be the best filipino film "
"Also heard of blackmagic cover by a filipino artist yet still have no clue who LM is."
"The archbishop seemed to be not wanting to appear political, saying  I would support them, not as an ins "
"When the trolls are taken down, they fight back. This is truly Filipino, no? #sarcasm"
" : Hindi ako matalino pero nagkaroon ako ng ganito, diskarte lang kung gusto mo maabot yung hinahangad mo. I'm so proud of"
"Imagine these Kids as Filipino Kids.  are #KlasrumsNgPagAsa, creating shared Value in the Initiative and Giving "
"Toxic Filipino family culture: recognition/graduation season na tas nagpapa-yabangan mga magulang nyo kung an "
"BS ECE major in fcking FILIPINO minor in mothafucka MUSIC VIDEO"
" kaya nga sa filipino lang "
"  Apakah ini terjemahan dari ibumu adalah ibuku dalam bhs Filipino?"
" : . issue No. 4 (April) is out, with Filipino fashion icon and San Pablo resident Patis Tesoro on the co"
"filipino thot spotted: "
"Filipino moms are so funny. I know she really meant don't be having unprotected seks because two kids is ENOUGH "
"  I'm sure you can do it!! That's one of my goals, too year I cut down on rice, "
"Sinong wala pang picture sa filipino?? "
"I feel like my parents are the only Asian parents (and Filipino parents might I add) that wants their kid in a comm "
"San Francisco Bay Area peeps!!! See you there. :) "
" i luvvv it filipino literalist"
"My stupid ass didn know Phiphi O is filipino it makes so much sense now "
"Why cant we have a filipino period drama/series during spanish era  AHHHHHHHHHHHH"
" me: Sa Filipino lang kita matataasan. "
"My bruh meter is going up"
"  AYE MY FELLOW FILIPINO"
"We at Rule of Law Sentinel DEPLORE, CONDEMN IN A STRONGEST TERM POSSIBLE THIS LATEST ACT OF CHINA OF MONITORING THE "
"'Child sex tourism': Perth man jailed for 11 years for molesting Filipino girl overseas "
"saw this in the warehouse sale and omg i didnt know they translated this to filipino??? "
"Anong subject yung pinakakinaaayawan mo at bakit  Hindi naman sa ayaw pero may mga subjects na below 90 ako grr us "
" : #Iponing na ba 'to for Filipino GOT7 fans? "
"+ (for my intl moots) i always tweet in filipino wc some of u cant understand"
" : #wrestlepro and  superstar  bears an amazing and uncanny resemblance to former #wwe champion, the l"
"Why yous sayin the new gen don't have a sense of nationality  Heritage of Smallness is literally a Filipino tell "
" : ICYMI: #ParkJihoon () introduces himself in different languages, including Filipino! "
"Filipino siblings invent lamp that runs on just water and salt it can last for 8 hours straight! - Good Times "
"Yeah! Filipino time"
"Everyday struggles of a filipino commuter. "
" : First look at the new Filipino Superhero in the Marvel Universe: WAVE  by Leinil Yu, colors by Sunny Gho (via"
" filipino "
" : I still remember the failed trip katong g8 mi para unta sa filipino "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"if ur fav filipino food is lumpia/pancit ima assume u don know much about filipino food"
"filipino parties: not being allowed to be full bc IF you are, you  a diet"
" :  I wish my rent was 5$"
" eto ang sarap ka kwentuhan to feeling mo relate kayo sa mga topics ninyo atsaka tuwing Filipino time la "
" i not from the philippines but my filipino babies need a chance."
"di ko pa din alam bat naging best in filipino ako eh hindi ko nga alam yung alomorp"
"'Child sex tourism': Perth man jailed for 11 years for molesting Filipino girl overseas "
"I sitting in a favorite bar and I reading a book called  is on the heart by Carlos bulosan, a Filipino "
"PMPI Statement on the ICC complaint against President Xi Jinping The Philippine Misereor Partnership Inc. (PMPI) la "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"Isang malaking karangalan po isang pinay din ang gaganap sa kapwa pinay lahi dugo po tayo "
" maybe she was filipino  i honestly don remember!! but it her and a guy that they usually refe "
" : when you drop a bill and then one old Filipino guy steps on it and pretends it theirs ahhahaha "
" : You 1hunnid so that mean you meet my standards baby"
" I'm Filipino and I ain't angry 'coz this is true."
"Me: What if Eerie na lang panuorin? Di pa ako nakakanuod ng horror sa sinehan. me: *checks out Eerie* ok a filipino movie"
"Sabi ng kawork ko nakakainis andami ng tagalog movies sa netflix. of all, filipino ka yeah.  ang dapat atin, yeah "
"During my orientation.. someone asked if i was filipino... sir i am a negro"
"How to blow the minds of a big Filipino Family: 1: Say College isn't for me. I want to pursue my dream. watch them go off"
"Justice for Jerwin Roj Royupa! Migrante Australia, a national alliance of organisations advocating for Filipino mig "
"Filipino time nga naman hay"
" : *filipino time* naa na si Ma'am dp!! "
"Pauloxpert is now playing #GrandTheftAutoV #GrandTheftAutoVPH - [English/Tagalog] Filipino COP | "
"hataggggg moggg extraaaaa filipino bookkkkkk bi hahah"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
" go save the filipino film industry mel  charot"
"   Try mo nga, ikaw mismo.  Para nga malaman ntn kung matokhang ka din at maharass. "
"Filipino AF  "
" : paano ako papasa sa Filipino kung hindi ako tulog naka Netflix ako..."
"When a Filipino Mother-Daughter fights ,*says hurtful things till you either cry or what**15 mns pass or so* "
"Filipino moms be like::yan kasi post ng post bagyang kibot post!  Pati ata sa pagutot pinopost pa din!  ::"
"Filipino time jud"
"CHEAPEST FILIPINO STREET FOOD! Eating at ROXAS NIGHT MARKET in Davao Philippines  #cooking "
"U.S.  and  partner to train 6,000 Filipino youth in 2019 on how to create and lead programs "
"The coconut is one of the most versatile ingredients in Filipino cuisine, used in an array of dishes, from sweet ri "
"filipino time sucks "
" boats didn have much fish harvest then, Ronnel Estrera, 30, said in his regional language. But their catch "
" he's not filipino gen ..."
"Filipino drag should grow"
" : Did you know that #Filipino migrant workers have been the backbone of #asparagus farming on the west coast? Plus an ea"
"Craving Filipino food"
"My answer to Why are the Filipino more  than an average European Christians? "
" pls say something abt the manila show, the filipino carpenters are just rlly confused right now whe "
"Ang mga nagmamarunun dyan about racism po iban lahi si judith aeta Filipina  po dayuhan si "
" : CALLING ALL MY FILIPINO ARMYs KSJSKSJS MY MOM REALLY WENT THERE, EYE#BTS #ARMY #taehyung sksjsk "
" Our proud filipino immigrant michelle malkin."
"RYAN ASKING MATT  YOU LOOK WITH YOUR EYES OR YOUR MOUTH SUDDENLY HE A FILIPINO MOM SHDJDJJDJD"
"Pero sa lahat ng horror filipino movie eto yung pinaka the best! #eerie"
" It our Filipino genes "
"Aigo feeling korean  Aigo, ikaw feeling filipino "
"Had a long convo w my grab driver otw home. Apparently the chinese who come into the country easily get visas by bu "
" : James Reid and Nadine Lustre reading Filipino tongue twisters is too funny! ://t.co/utCvG3k0oz"
" : This is treason! Anong manual labor ang hindi kayang gawin ng Filipino construction worker?!#GobyernongLokoloko ni #Kagagu"
" Wow, is that so? That's interesting! I never heard spoken Filipino so maybe I would notice the similar "
"ur not actually filipino if u never wanted to be a jabbawockee"
" : I not even gonna be private about this,  - what the actual hell are you doing? , a Filipino man CANNOT eq"
"Cancer Filipino Culture: andyan si ano sipagan nyo "
"  This is so shallow. Just bcoz he's not pinoy, kahit na he has proven himself many times "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"We are excited to map out the Fiesta Filipino 2019 and collaborate with the greater Arts community.  a few days "
"oh their this vid recommendation in yt that says bangtan speaking filipino and i can't help to reminisce my memories during the wings tour"
"RODRIGO hango sa salitang PUUGESE na ang ibig sabihin ay FAMOUS RULER of the Filipino people love you po. "
"CHEAPEST FILIPINO STREET FOOD! Eating at ROXAS NIGHT MARKET in Davao Phi... "
"bakit ang haba ng hw sa filipino hanggang stanza 102 ng florante at laura pero intro pa lang natuturo nila?"
"There ain't nothing in this world nothing in this world like a Filipino boy"
"        "
"Goodmorning #justwokeup #asian #filipino #proudpinoy #philippines "
". issue No. 4 (April) is out, with Filipino fashion icon and San Pablo resident Patis Tesoro on the "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
" Jellyyyyy, 365 nichi no kamihikouki is one of my fave songs from AKB  crying whenever I hear "
" Ayiiiieeeeeeee imma call you ate now. If u aint filipino ate is like the fili equivalent of noona/unnie so ye. Ur my ate now ehe"
"  I pure Filipino!!! hello"
" HAHA. not even close to being that cool, i'm just a malay boy that loves filipino culture."
"CALLING ALL MY FILIPINO ARMYs KSJSKSJS MY MOM REALLY WENT THERE, EYE#BTS #ARMY #taehyung sksjsk "
"-Chinese man caught with shabu in casino - The "
"Korean (like a million times) (????) viet people can tell i viet until "
" : Lmao cue Filipino parents: Use the papaya whitening soap  Learning to embrace my skin whenever I get tan  Everyone els"
" : Omooh Ottoke! Pascual (A Filipino Actor) together with WENGIE (A YouTuber with 13M+ subscribers) has been working w"
"half Filipino half Egyptian"
" : Inigo Pascual (A Filipino Actor) together with WENGIE (A YouTuber with 13M+ subscribers) has been working with a BTS compo"
"I finally got carne asada fries after months of craving it"
" : Olivia Gruver clears 4.73m(15-6.25) to break Sandi Morris NCAA pole vault record! "
" : I THINK ITS THE CUTEST THING THAT FILIPINO VLD STANS CALL LANCE BOY LUSOT JCKDKVMMGM"
"I'm ugly pregnant rn ugh. Maybe the Filipino beliefs were true. You look 10x uglier carrying a boy. Oh well... *cri "
"'Child sex tourism': Perth man jailed for 11 years for molesting Filipino girl overseas "
" : Inigo Pascual (A Filipino Actor) together with WENGIE (A YouTuber with 13M+ subscribers) has been working with a BTS compos"
" : Inigo Pascual (A Filipino Actor) together with WENGIE (A Youtuber with 13M+ subscribers)  has been working with a BTS"
" Filipino, Cantonese, Szechuan, Hunan"
"Bakit  lagi  na  lang  may  hanash you seen Jo Koy? Almost lahat ng set nya sa stand up comedy, a "
"Hopefully the story will stick with a realistic timescale and plot you know not the usual that is stretch Filipino teleserye."
"Dominican, Puerto Rican, Guyanese, Bengali, Filipino, mixed "
" Filipino time ahahahahha"
"lrt no offense but this is exactly what filipino parents do when leaving a party...... happened too many times"
"Filipino time "
"one  of my first e crushes was a filipino ambient soundcloud producer / drug dealer from canada lmao i always wonde "
"Kyudie Hanbin  "
"Last na to:   Self  System  "
"Buntag pa gani hurot na akong filipino. "
"I bored. I really about to watch one of those Filipino movies on Netflix"
" : Blessed are the pure in heart: for they shall see God 5:8"
"I love you so much MOM! "
"9:00 usapan then 8:50 tumawag ako.:Nasan na kayo? Nakabihis na ako.: Ahh oo sige maliligo na ako.-pshh filipino time talaga"
" : Sometimes the simple things are the most beautiful. "
" : think success and it will happen. think failure and it will happen too. be in control of your thoughts so that you can"
" : God does not make mistakes, but He creates miracles."
" : You strong. brave.  a fighter."
" :                 S t a y  l o w k e y  s e l f"
"Yeah!  "
" : Filipino youtuber recommendations?   and  "
" :         Take time to relax and enjoy life"
" : The answer to every problem is simple: Pray about it."
"Ayyy  "
"Edukasyon Pang Sekondarya na Nagpakadalubhasa sa Asignaturang Filipino  2015  Dean's Lister  "
"Filipino doesn't have the luxury of time &amp; benefit of lang. evolution. It should be chiefly diff. from Tagalog &amp; "
"Where has Filipino food been all my life!!!"
" NOT THE CAPTIONSKDNSJDJD CMON FILIPINO KING !"
" Ayyy I'm a Filipino American and I love pokemon go"
"I just wonder how Filipino celebrities kids would react or feel if they get to realize the same thing...or not. "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
" FOMO :(( di ako makarelate when it  comes to filipino classics"
"Toxic Filipino culture ka humingi ng tulong kusa silang nagbigay pero sa huli nag dedemand pala sila ng in retu "
"filipino na nga lang ni reremidial pa"
"Facebook purge of pages, accounts linked to Filipino social media manager - InterAksyon "
" : REPOST from  | Red salute to all Party cadres and members, all  NPA commanders and fighters, all revolutionary force"
"Karagdagang pribilehiyo para sa mga senior citizens na karaniwang umaasa na lamang sa kanilang pensiyon at sa mga P "
" &gt;filipino&gt;gamer&gt;influencer"
" : Bat ang bibitter ng mga tao sa mga may honors? They deserved it naman. Typical filipino"
"Bacolod Tay Tung High School Thunderbolts athletics team are set to compete in the Filipino-Chinese Amateur Athleti "
"#MyPhBoy ctto  lean muscles://t.co/LM8eonolBZ my accounts ig/tw  fb/yt  My P "
"  wahh youre part(?) filipino pala !!!! cooll jhdjdj"
"Omg #ManoPo3 is Filipino notebook"
"  Not true. I bribed my Ghanaian cleaning lady to come with me and the Chiswick set in order to d "
"Sbeve dont know that youre a filipino normie"
"Got that TGIF pump in late this afternoon after getting off work.  #fit#fitness#gymmotivation#fitnessmotivation#gym "
"saba kaayo gahapon ang madlang pipol unya pag take na sa picture kay *filipino time* HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA"
"Inigo Pascual (A Filipino Actor) together with WENGIE (A Youtuber with 13M+ subscribers)  has been working with a B "
"bwahahahahaha samuka sa filipino time oiiiiiii xD wahahahahaha "
" Filipino democracy is very different from the demoracy being promoted by Maria Ressa and her yello "
"just heard now united's song for pepsi and omg i really appreciate them singing a filipino line "
" : Team Abroad, be sure to check out ULAN  Cinematography - it a 4D experience in a 2D Film Writing/Direction - never"
"Sambilay, Marvin DC.                         -May Karangalan                           -Outstanding Student In TLE. "
"Hit the Filipino spot I used to work at and gotta say they kept up the flavors  spot, I was just too tall f "
"very cool seeing  on stage. so emotional over the fact that tonight I saw a Filipino queer artist on sta "
" Is Josh the Filipino guy?? Oh, the flavors! Search the ingredients for halo-halo...."
"Egyptian, Cuban, Indian, Moroccan, Spaniard, Mexican and Filipino lol "
" : Nobody: Filipino: so basically I say the n word "
"  How is it not possible??? WTF.. His dad is a Irish polish JEW.. go check for yourself. I do "
"Palestinian????? "
"woi, grabe mamimiss ko sobra yung group 1 sa filipino :(("
" Filipino people urges US to have a brain.."
"Can we just stop with the whole Filipino time shit! There a set call time and start time so let STA ON TIME!! "
"Charleston, SC Righteous Gemstones -TUES. 4/2 NEEDING ALL RACES....(especially those 60 &amp; up) of Asian/Chinese "
"nag binatang filipino siya ihh HAHAHAHAHA ang cuteeee niya sinabayan yung trip ko"
"Putang ina mga irish gago napapahiya ang filipino liver ko. Malapit na ako mamatay sila nag  up palang."
"  There always gonna be the die hards that defend them no matter what they do"
"I hope you guys enjoyed Kappn Filipino adventure! I had to retire him because I found out amiibos don like salt "
"Manila-variant Tagalog, a.k.a. Filipino: BAHAY. Philippine languages: BALAY. , ignorant &amp; idotic f "
" Now I'm sad I can't read Filipino!  But yeah, people sure love emasculating him and sexually degradin "
"good morning, kinilig ako nung may pina-translate sa'kin in filipino isa sa teachers ko., I am being recog "
"  Fair enough. I agree, I just don understand why some people are trying to defend "
"Filipino Time ALWAYS..."
"Filipino fishermen harassed in Scarborough Shoal by China "
"  HHAHAHHAHA THATS THE OG FILIPINO CHILDHOOD RIGHT THERE"
"HS Filipino teacher is asking me to teach Filipino teachers how to read and write Baybayin aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa &lt;3"
"It's such an insult to Otakus or filipino that understands Japanese, when they say "
"PA-ENGLISH ENGLISH AMP KALA MO NAMAN FOREIGNER , FILIPINO LANG NAMAN.  get off my cc. ang aga-aga parang kang gago "
"Fishy Story "
" :   Integrity watered down by power. Having the wrong set of advisors can and will bring you d"
" : Don fool the public, ! It NOT about press freedom. IT ABOUT YOU VIOLATING THE LAW! Stop using press freed"
" :  I find it admirable, the way she embraces Filipino culture despite of living abroad. As an immigrant who's living o"
"A Filipino activist spoke about the solidarity between Palestinians and those fighting against Duterte, and a socia "
"  There was a Filipino maintenance guy at one of my jobs that was a middle man I guess. I "
" :       Este es un Friki m que va de fino fi"
"Church charity steps in to aid disaster-hit Filipino farmers- La Croix International "
"  Im sorry?  Hindi nakaka proud?  Dinadala po nila yung bandera ng pilipinas sa ibat ibang lugar "
"Binatang Filipino yeah "
"Caucasian children's choir singing hymn The Terrifying Judgement passes. Filipino orthodox, follow the way these "
"  Not saying it okay, but you can say the two are the same thing. One is way more dra "
" : There Maria Ressa. It's not about weaponizing Facebook. Stop your lies! This is about the PDR's you issued for a foreign"
"#Eerie is one of the Best Filipino Horror Movie in the Philippines. The Characters especially Bea Alonzo and Charro "
"Here it is! My feelings about classic readers being assigned to students in school, with two bonus lists: books I f "
"when ur filipino but can't speak filipino language like wtf?  sino nag sabi na hindi ako marunong mag tagalog???? "
"  Integrity watered down by power. Having the wrong set of advisors can and will bring "
"Necesitamos un presidente Filipino"
"Watching dramatic Filipino movies has been a thing for the past few days."
"Toxic Filipino Mindset kapag nagka boyfriend/girlfriend ka iniisip nila na baka mabuntis o makabuntis ka, tan "
" : #DayoftheLandless2019Filipino farmers &amp; peasant women remain landless. Worse, monopoly control on vast tracks of lands"
"What are your favorite songs?  Filipino rap "
" The-Dummy Law foreigners from intervening in any  activity such as the op "
"Toxic Filipino Culture "
" :  lumpia, basically the filipino egg roll  "
"  So that makes what she did okay..? Because I see a lot of people defending her but "
" : Tb to when  and I would tell everyone we met that we were Filipino and cousins. Then later they see us kissing"
"  People say Filipino engineers are one of the best in the world but when our country has substanda "
"Online jokes are just something that we see and get a good laugh from, but there are others that might just carry t "
"when you drop a bill and then one old Filipino guy steps on it and pretends it theirs ahhahaha "
" lumpia, basically the filipino egg roll  "
"so this filipino guy came up to me and started talking about how expensive Jollibee is and he said he don even wn "
"I love hearing the words ... I have a secret to tell you, come here and if you filipino then you know exactly why "
"Watched #Eerie with friends last night. It is actually good for a filipino horror movie. Lots of good moments. I ca "
"want to give it to them. I want them to feel love from all Filipino fans by giving it to them. Because some STAYS c "
"*filipino time* naa na si Ma'am dp!! "
"The Filipino people revolutionary armed struggle for national and social liberation in the past 50 years "
"I not even gonna be private about this,  - what the actual hell are you doing? , a Filipino man CA "
" HAHAHAHAHA! Filipino ng pale ay putla 'di ba? Kabaliktaran ng vibrant? Yuck RH. Hindi sila Gold Egol "
"[i know putos are Filipino food but I'm a native spanish speaker and puto here is an insult, like saying asshole or fucker so help me]"
" : Anti-Marcos is the best genre of Filipino cinema. "
" : I saw a lineman cutting down the power line of an old woman point  is:Why do we need to let our fellow Filipino suffer?:"
" : ANG REPO NI BONN LABAD SA FILIPINO ATUNG GRADE 9... DABEST PADIN."
" : Toxic filipino Thoughts na lang issue"
" : Madame Tussauds Hong Kong Unveils Pia Wurtzbach As The First Rver Filipino Wax Figure  ready to watch history in the m"
"12 more hours till this!! See you all ay the #EnlightenmentBlogTour chat, wherr we'll be discussing Filipjno myths "
"Supoorting the administration by hoodwinking the Filipino people? Its not even necessary. We just need to report th "
"| | Y'ALL ARE MAKING FILIPINO SERVANT ACCS ALREADY?"
"Mulheres podem treinar Kali?  eficiente? ... "
" : it to them. I want them to feel love from all Filipino fans by giving it to them. Because some STAYS can't attend to their"
"A celebration and a call to action marked the annual  Awards in Los Angeles. #GLAADMediaAwards #GLAADawards "
"Ang cute ng mga kaklase ko natataranta na dahil sa research sa filipino at sa PR1"
"TOXIC FILIPINO CULTURE: ini-explain mo lang yung side mo sa kanila, iisipin nilang nagdadahilan ka lang."
" : luh si yg feeling pinoy. koreano ka uy wag filipino time ha ?"
" :  OMG YOU FILIPINO TOOOO KSHDJSJSKSKKSKS I EMAILED BRIAN AND ASKED HIM IF HE AND ROGER COULD PERFORM"
"it to them. I want them to feel love from all Filipino fans by giving it to them. Because some STAYS can't attend t "
"hey filipino carpenters y better scream so loud for her when she in manila  "
" : I think I turning into one of those Filipino aunties who just comment randomly on anyone and everyone page"
"you don understand this if you not filipino lol "
"A celebration and a call to action marked the annual #GLAADAwards in Los Angeles. GLAAD "
" :           "
"I think I turning into one of those Filipino aunties who just comment randomly on anyone and everyone page"
" : It's great how XU brings the filipino culture to their students. Like attractive kaayo ang mga girls nga ga barong while ga"
"I really love Philippines...the people, the islands, everything a part from the  breakfast  that is not "
" : To my Fellow Filipino Armies please help me to get this video a big tumbs up please share it to your mutuals as wel"
"i was just thinking about it lol. im so pressed that me job fired me RIGHT BEFORE CHRISTMAS. like what the fuckkkk, "
" gregoria would be more filipino sjdjdjgddh fyckin georGia"
" aHH BLESS....i believe way back when their kickstarter was still ongoing, they mentioned the designs for "
"toxic filipino culture: filipino time"
"Filipino grilled chicken "
" AT THE TIME I THOUGHT IT WAS A PRETTY FILIPINO NAME...I didn't think now it could also refer to the state of Georgia "
" Come visit Napa Valley. You can stay at my house and eat Filipino food"
" :  Wow tuloy pa rin ang pagbuhos ng ULAN!  Bakasyon na kasi students kaya habol na guyz! Tenfold worth the pr"
" A Filipino with half a brain would see the panggagago being committed by this hugpo everyday Sadly, "
"         "
"ay turn r ound sucka ay how sea acts filipino u "
"luh si yg feeling pinoy. koreano ka uy wag filipino time ha ?"
"1979 : C Kshitis Ray translated Synteticke dusikat l vo vy hospod zvierat from Filipino to Swedish"
" : Warning Chinese Filipino business community who remain apathetic &amp; indifferent: 90% of Filipinos are against China incursi"
"Watching  #BreakTheMoldTour with my very Filipino parents. The best part is the ushers thinking all the Filip "
"toxic filipino youtubers tsk tsk "
"Inigo Pascual (A Filipino Actor) together with WENGIE (A YouTuber with 13M+ subscribers) has been working with a BT "
"Her sisters** my sisters can't speak it"
"  Yes  she asked a filipino about it. Yun na ginamit sya. Sobrang honored no "
"    I can't believe this is Filipino's way of thinking. Toxic "
"   That's definitely not true the soreness goes away after a couple days"
" my instinctual answer is eleventy billion but I almost don't want to do Mexican because I've done "
"Godzilla likes the goodies I just picked up from the filipino market  "
"I mad I been to all this damn Filipino music.  stop hanging out with me"
"maglibog jud ko usahay aning filipino nga subj, maalan jud nako panagsa  nga ikaw ay akin."
"Just drove from Philly to Baltimore. Filled up on Filipino food with my love  and friends. Now to se "
" twice in a row with   #breakthemoldtour #jokoy #filipino #standupcomedy  The Modell Lyric "
"  fishermen told to fish farther from Panatag. Panelo explains that China occupying Panata "
"What are your favorite songs?  dn anything J. Cole, but mainly Wet Dreamz and Crooked Smile "
"filipino us filipino jud hays"
"BINICS Follow this fansite. She changed her account to  B coz she feels  everything she sees Hanbin. "
"Warning Chinese Filipino business community who remain apathetic &amp; indifferent: 90% of Filipinos are against China "
"And don't use Filipino's taxes for your extravaganzas, political machinery (hi Bong GaGo), and becoming China's lit "
"genuinely like talking about barongs and Filipino culture. There no better way to ensure a custom barong fits wel "
"I still got enough time to lose weight for the summer. Just gotta remind my Filipino ass to stop going crazy on the rice "
"I laugh everytime they say Okeke. lol. #Filipino #NoNotBecauseOfTheSong #Sweet16 #UNC #Auburn"
"Also, Duterte and cohorts you never get away from all what you done and what you been doing to the Filipin "
"Tb to when  and I would tell everyone we met that we were Filipino and cousins. Then later they see us kissing "
"Yo Google needs a better Filipino translator cuz this is too funny"
"It's Friday and you know what that means! The weekend is right around the corner. Featuring our sisig manok (chicke "
" Pati microorganism sa katawan counted as Filipino ano ba. Wag kang tanga ah?"
"People ask me why I bother to measure in person or to even deal with people directly. Why even bother with the effo "
" LOLOL V Filipino Friday"
"Spotted a woman in Filipinana.  Filipinos FTW!!!  Is there  Filipino community in Ohio, or is that someone visiting from RVC?"
" :  if you are a FILIPINO SWIFTIE who's legit tired of getting false hopes bc of joining contests and just really wanna"
" : 3 years ago today, when Taylor Swift showed her unconditional love again to her Filipino fans. #WeLoveYouTaylorSwiftNoMa"
"WATCH: Filipino president of Utah university welcomes students in 6 languages - "
" : one of my filipino bbs; so pretty and kind. really good at writing aus and twitter be doing her dirty for putt "
" : Revolutionary greetings to the NEW PEOPLE ARMY (NPA) on the 50th anniversary of its founding. We hope for the speedy"
"7 years straight... and so well-deserved!  &lt;3 "
"I just your average Filipino baby girl whose tryin not to disappoint her Filipino ass family. Let me rot in peace pls"
"// I mean, in Filipino standards, Rizal was a real looker once upon a time (pay no heed with his height, it adds th "
" : IF FILIPINOS ARE STILL AMERICAN BY BLOOD AND SOIL FROM THEIR PARENTS GRANDPARENTS OF THE AMERICAN ERA 1898-1946...ITS B"
" : eerie is a must-watch filipino horror film !! "
"Filipino Town in Seattle? Some say it never existed. Some say it's still here. #KuyaGeo "
" : As if national positions weren't enough for these political dynasties!'s the Anti Dynasty law now?!, THEY AR"
"  Im half black half white half filipino"
"Philippines should have its own innovative TVET education and training program and curriculum not copied from other "
"I LOVE FILIPINO PAIES!!!!"
"In celebration of Women Month, the  brings you filmmakers (, Sue Prado, Antoinette "
"Female Chinese Purchase Manager and Filipino Junior Accountant (Dubai) ://t.co/t9vCDYXRNF"
"      Mas inuna pa ng Kapwa Filipino ang pera "
"filipino time &gt; katherine time  was suppose to meet me at a carabru at 2 PM so she can study for her mid "
"Fact about me: AYAW KO SA LAHAT AY UNG NAG MA MERANAW TIME/ FILIPINO TIME "
"  wouldn be able to touch em for like 3-4 weeks haha"
"Toxic filipino culture? inggit sayo yung tao kasi maganda ka na tapos mabait ka pa tapos siya mukhang tanga l "
"And then, our Filipino Teacher gave us a task. So ibang grupo siya, tapos leader ako sa grupo ko. Lahat naman ng gr "
" filipino parents still love to have their children in their home specially when they get older..it is "
" You ain real"
"S A L T E D  E G G  C H I P S // #Filipino brand stipschips #SaltedEgg #potatochips ($12.98 for 200g bag at 88_supe "
"Can anyone recommend a Filipino artist open for commissions for personal icons?"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
" : See  at The Asian American Showcase! 13 - 8PM  / Special Food Tasting Event before the film!"
"AFIRE hopes to find a new Executive Director who can continue to be a bold advocate for social, racial, and economi "
"Together we fought for the rights of the Filipino/a/x community on issues that impact immigrants, seniors, youth, "
"   mabait kapag may pera pag walang pera memer pero filipino memes lang naman alam n "
"Sometimes, when I hear my mom and sisters speaking in Tagalog, it always sounds like they're talking like Courage the cowardly dog"
"apreciem eu vs meu amigo filipino disputando quem termina 500ml de cerveja em 60 segundos "
"Inigo Pascual (A Filipino Actor) together with WENGIE (A YouTuber with 13M+ subscribers) has been working with a BT "
" Wow, you are so lucky. My country is different because the Filipino culture has strongly value families."
"11/10. Must watch LEGIT Filipino film!  . Bring companion!!! "
"The #Filipino Chicken Adobo is my go-to home cooked meal when it a busy day. The garlic-vinegar aroma and flavors "
" Fino filipino."
" : one of my filipino bbs!! we relate so much on things and both love boba lol; you so kind and pretty as well! "
" I sure it would be delicious! And what a delight that would be, Luisa!   This ignorant  "
"Iont wanna be filipino no more "
"   Ang mga negatibong tao hindi kailanman magtatagumpay. Why do you always find means to "
"my filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 | "
"&lt;In Japanese&gt;: I have a question about the matcha. : Okay. How can I help you? : Are you Japan "
"My girlfriend is Filipino American and has experienced her share of racism throughout her life, but she understands "
" People: What your last name?: Adona. 1: Where are you from? Like, originally? 2: Is t "
"tales of the tropical gothic- nick joaquin is a collection of short stories and a full length play by filipino "
"Mahirap din, kasi pasok sa isa labas sa kabila mga filipino :&lt;&lt; "
"I always shut my f*cking mouth because we have a new level of Toxic Filipino Culture out there."
" : Aight if you trynna watch filipino rom-coms and get wine drunk, HMU"
" ang reply ni mama babyYyY ana kay,  MAN DIAY KA WA NA KAY BAON SA SUMMER NGANU WA KA NAG-IPON?? "
" : UPCM Batch 2022 made this awesome filipino #Infographics on #sleep #sleepapnea #obstructivesleepapnea #OSA #sleephygiene "
"filipino timeee haha"
"My grandma is filipino and she remembers all the things I need to remember. She has my back. "
" It most likely a manifestation of Filipino culture, and not because they unable to afford it. Thank u, next."
"These ain enough characters to name all of them, but I take the most  ones:, Colombian, Tr "
"Some ppl will always choose shit that bothers them stupid Filipino mindset"
"   BOL BOL in filipino language means pubic hair"
"Bakit ka nga ba kasi dumapa nung nagpapractice yung grupo niyo sa filipino non?  DI KO KASI ALAM GAGAWIN KO EHH HA "
" All About Perceptions P.B.G. Productions Photo by Gerard The Best in Freelance Publicity Photography  "
"Kiss Me Thru The Phone "
"  One is the act of taking away a peice of someone that will last forever. One is the act "
"Thank you  for sponsoring tickets for these high school students in the #Philippines to be able to see "
"Really tired of being lonely"
" All About Perceptions P.B.G. Productions Photo by Gerard The Best in Freelance Publicity Photography  "
"Uy pansin ko lng bat ang dali buksan ni chanu yung coke pero pag tayong mga filipino hahanap pa ng panungkit para l "
" I thought you were Filipino"
" Oh wow, she just went 1000% Filipino mom on you. "
"Cartoon xxx real filipino sister sissy teen brother fantasy tape thai and ghetto barb big ass and big dick "
"Saint Martin's Pacific Islanders Club (PACI) and Filipino Heritage Club (FHC) are hosting the We Are Here: Family N "
" : y literally took away their entire lives... they were only 34 and 18 and now after 42 years you wanna toss the case? na"
"yung tipong sila pa dapat una makaalam kelan labas ng sweldo mo.. fuck this filipino mentality bull shit!"
"Our foreign policy here in the Philippines should be completely independent, which is neither pro-West nor pro-East "
" : Philadelphia SNAP Leader Mike McDonnell says the history of the case and how the archdiocese has reacted, raises red flags"
"This is another common theme in Filipino cinema. The High School Sweethearts.  expectation is you fall in love "
"   sorry, my filipino is not good. regardless, Kazer is mine "
"I want to change the Filipino in me that always, always, always late but I also would like to keep my ka hangol for sleep so"
"I called my mom today and told her I was sick so in true Filipino mom fashion she tells me to avoid medicine and just drink tumeric tea."
" I not trying to get die to a filipino"
" english to filipino expert ba? HAHAHA"
" fishermen told to fish farther from Panatag "
"Hoy celebr  su Asamblea Anual del D de Cesar Chavez, presentada por el club de MEChA. Fue un event "
"And  immediate thought: And 500 Filipino mommas were found in the roadway scraping it into Tupperware "
" : I sure appreciate my Tlingit/Filipino brother Xeetli.esh teaching me so much! Blessed to be here on these beautiful Aak Kw"
" Yes, kinda reminds me of this pastry that my mama would buy me from the filipino bakery!"
" :   Can you guys have a Filipino Heritage Night? That would be great."
"  Can you guys have a Filipino Heritage Night? That would be great."
" : The presentation of food is filled with #pnw Filipino American history. Down to the fish tin cans they use in humility."
" fishermen told to fish farther from Panatag "
"filipino time nga talaga...."
"  Canadians do not speak 4 languages at the age of 4. in Grade 1 many of us start learnin "
"Filipino time talaga"
"8:00 am ung oras nangpagfifilm namin para sa pt namin pero kakagising kulang filipino time nga naman."
" held its annual Cesar Chavez Day Assembly today, presented by the MEChA club. It was an inspiring ev "
" I read this whole speech in a thick Filipino accent"
"Filipino orthodox... make the anesti in Greek so that I see that you will will not cheat."
"someone really out here making yeehaw songs for queer Filipino-Americans  i seen it all now"
" : In honor of #ODAAT Season 3 on Netflix, here's a picture of the night I met the inimitable  and she sang a Ta"
" filipino queen"
"You know how hard is to be Filipino and have Filipinos bargain with you  ones going home."
"When Lani leans over and speaks Filipino or eats with chopsticks I so proud. Maw Asian be jumping out. Bless the "
"highlight of my trip thus far: found a filipino food truck with a terribly homesick tito running it. ended up leavi "
"A Filipino tradition "
"we, the presenter of Filipino musical, got the highest score.. against broadway musical.. aladin, little mermaid an "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"Madame Tussauds, Klook and Cathay Pacific Launches Pia Wurtzbach as First Filipino Wax Figure - Part 5 Pia Wur "
" Required an employee's for a Homemaker company as the below :  technician  techni "
"Not only the livelihood of our fishermen but also the local food security &amp; domestic industrial development are at "
"In observing #EarthHour, the Climate Change Commission calls on the public, private sector and every Filipino house "
"Not only the livelihood of our fishermen but also the local food security &amp; domestic industrial development are at "
" Required an employee's for a Homemaker company as the below :  technician  technic "
"Nice ang imong filipino ganiha  ayie ALADIN HAHAHAHHAHA "
"This Filipino chick said she was going to the grocery store.. I said  city huh? Her:  LMFAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO"
" Manila is not Isko's fault, it's our fault, the Filipino people. Di kaya ng isang tao baguhin ang bu "
"Typical Filipino breakfast.  "
"you aren taught to follow your dreams. standard."
"We're at Rufo's and there's this poster. I don't understand???- Burgers in a Filipino Breakfast place?- Da Vinci "
"Waki is a Filipino goddess of possibilities. She is chiefly represented with a woman that carries a wide smile and "
"THE NOTORIOUS BRUNO B (VINCE ROYALE) - NEW MAMA (BIG POPPA FILIPINO PA... "
"        One day I would like to go on t "
", ang galing galing mo! Great job, sweetheart! bilib ang Songbird sa kanyang ka-duet. ^_^ "
" : Filipino, Neil Tabanao, has arrived in Los Angeles to finish his training camp ahead of his clash vs. Angelo Leo on Ap"
" : ito yung filipino horror film na hindi boring! (nakakapag pigil hininga)  lume-level sa mga hollywood horror films ."
"Some 3,722 hectares of land are set to be handed to farmers supported by church groups in typhoon-hit Leyte "
"anybody out there thats filipino, re-tweet this because either you have a rice cooker, a picture of the last supper "
"A few weeks ago at my nephews birthday I gave Ivan an empanada, and he was so confused when he took a bite bc filip "
"Filipino, Neil Tabanao, has arrived in Los Angeles to finish his training camp ahead of his clash vs. Angelo Leo on "
" Donaldo, Who will win the  #USChessChamps    this year?  The Japanese, Italian, Cuban or the Filipino?"
"New blog post on Bourbon Dinners: Filipino Oxtail Stew and Corn Cheese Ice Cream (Different but delectable) "
"filipino squats for days  Peg Leg Pete's "
"The major reason why I don't cook Filipino dishes regularly: I inhale them whole, with no rest for breath.  cooke "
" :  V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"td ms bratur nk check in flight dpn aku pndg aku then ckp philipine dgn aku pastu aku pelik then aku ckp la so "
"I don know why Netflix has so much Filipino movies on my profile. Sometimes I don want to look at my screen but just listen"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"Happy #Friday from your fave #gay #filipino #scorpio #infj. Working on some new new for shows in the next two weeks "
"Filipino time "
"  They're mad cause the Filipino valation deal was the best insider trade in history and "
"These Filipino movies got me all the way fucked upppp"
" :         "
" : ang pinaka unang diktaduryang regimen na nakikilala ng isang batang Filipino ay hindi ang regimen ni Ferdinand Marcos, kun"
" :         "
" :         "
" : I just met  and my lil Filipino heart is so happy rn "
"12. white lmaooo on my dad's side it's british and i think dutch and my mom's side is irish/Filipino but i'm only 1/4 filipino"
"Villanueva: 80% employed by Filipino employers must be "
" dito ako nagpapagawa ng design sa filipino ehhh hahahahaha, sobrang bait, medyo pikon pag inaasar, crush ni  to ehhh"
"filipino porn vids "
"Vegan Filipino food...wha?!  place was pretty legit tho. Happy to have finally tried it  "
"Dear Filipino parents: telling/forcing your talented artistic child to work in healthcare and shaming their cr "
" : PaWoke people be like, We Pro Filipino. We want only Filipino. Yet half the time they argue in English?! Where your"
"After filling our hearts and souls with worship and prayers, time to fill our tummies with these all-time favorite "
"Grabeha diays ako manghud magpakopya ug Filipino para tudluan siyas Math"
"wAla nA yUng fiLipIno titSer nAmin nA  hIndI kAyo nAg pAsa bAhala kAyo"
" : What's your favourite filipino meal?  si crush charot "
"Dili ko mag ginara noh pero maka lagot ng mga tapolan. Litse kunsa unsay time ang sabot adto sa sabot na time. Uban "
" : Filipino fishermen being harassed by CCG - ADM Davidson. If confirmed.. we will raise it through diplomatic channel. We"
"The Great Filipino Hope "
"the kid who sang the filipino song at the assembly omg my heart "
"       "
"What happening to Banco Filipino?  "
"Congratulations to Dr. Brigeli Westerband on becoming the 1st Filipino and 4th female in history to hold the chief "
"Well sht, a wise Filipino Philosopher said: "
"Filipino moms, stop being filipino moms"
"        "
"my mom making filipino spaghetti tonight the power she holds"
"Filipino culture is making ur child feel bad that they got sick"
"Give Filipino words that ends up with gang example - salagubang, sinigang#ALDENFanArtsFest#ALDUBNationMatibayTo"
"        "
"joe sounds better than most filipino celebrities who have sold albums and had concerts  "
" I didnt catch the names of the couple. Haha but they were Filipino."
"Tweet translated to Slovenian, Klingon, Filipino, Klingon, Russian, Spanish, Catalan, Portuguese, Estonian, Telugu "
" :  pupils reading from Homer's Iliad - in 12 different languages, inc Arabic, Lithuanian, Filipino and Eng"
"Seen this movie before but I love it so much that I have to watch it again!  Thing Called Tadhana on Netflix "
" My head hurts. My daughter is six and she half Filipino, half Norwegian. She pretty fair, but she do "
" All Filipino dads!"
"Shet talaga hanggang online delivery Filipino time pa rin  3 days processing amp"
"  I'd love to try jackfruit. A local grocery store has it now and then but the fruit is huge "
" Parang theme song ng filipino anime kanta nila WHAHAHAA"
"At what point does the Filipino  government accept press freedom and let  and  do its job? "
"ang pinaka unang diktaduryang regimen na nakikilala ng isang batang Filipino ay hindi ang regimen ni Ferdinand Marc "
" : Thank you to all of the students who made  #CHIday19 possible. This year, organizers made the decision to inclu"
"Watch: Why Los Angeles Has the Most Exciting Filipino Food in America "
"Si al filipino blanco, le chupais el chocolate y dej la galleta por si sola, esta mal. Probarlo."
" : What do Filipino parents say when you did something stupid? "
"Filipino Food! #Lunch #lunchtime #vancouver #YVR #YVReats #food #foodie #foodies #foodblog "
"Filipino moms be like.... PAPAKAIN KO NA SAYO YAN!  here it is "
" : Sometimes it upsetting that the world hasn acknowledged how f-ing wonderful Filipino cuisine is, but then I eat an ensa"
" Filipino? Chinese? LMAO ya girl both and not local DEN "
"This movie is so wonderful but short. In Filipino, maganda siya pero bitin! Hope there's part two  Buhay pa si Luv "
"FILIPINO TITAS  #tita "
"I've been using socmed for over 15 years, where else could I find info about popk? To give you a context, aside fro "
"Literally every Filipino tita outfit  "
" people are only nice to them (foreigners) and not to each other. thing  "
"wanna watch a good filipino film but where's the time"
"My good friend Brico Santig who got me involved in Filipino boxing. He is one of the top promoters and managers wit "
"This Disney cruise seriously just made us Filipino food.  Nothing can top this service"
" Filipino workers are not fast in their work, and are sloppy I have seen block.layers no better toda "
"the last two weeks have been rough but having to figure out the English translation to Filipino vegetables at Stop "
"hailee steinfeld and darren criss are hanging out together omg half/part filipino excellence"
"(  laughs bc bea has mystic codes she named after the filipino goddesses tala, hanan, and mayari. apolaki gets an h "
"  Those 4 are definitely the most likely Filipino's for sure. Hopefully Nebrida does well"
"*PANICS IN FILIPINO* "
" : toxic filipino culture:  nyo  lang ng jowa mo, tapos iniisip kaagad ng iba may bago kana"
"Filipino novellas are so cheesy "
" : filipino twitter sucks bc they always start the tweet in english and you think oh cool! i get to be involved in the joke!"
"Sometimes it upsetting that the world hasn acknowledged how f-ing wonderful Filipino cuisine is, but then I eat "
" Are Hawaiian and Filipino food compatible? My Filipino food experience consists of lumpia, which are damn good."
"My filipino mom when she was pregnant|              ||              ||               |                 | "
"Ay! Naging Filipino ang Writers Bar at the Raffles Hotel in Makati."
"  I expect 2 of the top 4 to win the events, with perhaps a surprise Filipino having a good run to a final"
"Date a Filipino they said "
"   Ohmygosh. It was so weird reading a Filipino tweet from you."
"no one: twitter: SO FILIPINO MEN-"
" :  Hello  Kindly react to a Filipino girl group 4th Power/4th Impact Raise the roof with Jessie J hit Au"
" :  Hello.. Would you please try reacting to a Filipino girl group 4th Power/4th Impact Raise the roof with Jess"
" :  Hello, Would you please try reacting to a Filipino girl group 4th Power/4th Impact Raise the roof with"
" : Super excited to be guesting in tonight FREE filipinoafshow ucbinnersanctumcafe! Come out and support! Food trucks at 8pm. Sh"
"filipino time tungunuh haha"
"Ah my teammate did say my filipino is horrible just a few hours ago "
"  FILIPINO SMILERSSSSS WHERE Y'ALL AT!!!!!!!!"
" || frick I ready for Filipino content bless you"
"Wait i cant filipino slang rn does onda mean on the way or on the dot lol"
" Sir if you want return back Physical I find a more Creative way to clean up your family's involvement Fili "
" :     kailangan daw English tayo kasi she  is an American citi"
"Un recuerdo a la  en su 175 primeros a de servicio a #Espa y a los tres tercios que tuvo hasta fi "
" : Twitter help ya boy out #JerrySpringer "
" I Filipino from Philippines, and I can feel good impact of Trump administration from here"
"Ressa, though not purely Filipino by blood, still trekked on greater heights for one purpose: unfiltered truth. She "
"omffjffjf i forgot monica in the wonder girls movie is filipino"
"I miss filipino food "
" i am filipino but my name is isabelle! :-0"
" :  Hi  you please try reacting to a Filipino girl group 4th Power/4th Impact Raise the roof with Jessie J"
"The Great Filipino "
": thank you for asking about yunho's wand, we love stans who care about their baby's interests, also we love a bil "
" : THE HOWS OF US DECADE FINALLY HAS PRIMO AND GEORGE NOW OFFICIALLY THE HIGHEST GROSSING FILIPINO FILM OF ALL TIME"
"dalagang filipino yea"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
" : buti nalang tapos na kami sa report sa filipino"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"And on a related note, apparently (despite only really being fluent in English?) my accent is more like s Filipino "
"  jordan Clarkson ang favorite Filipino player nya. Yun lang kasi kilala nya "
"baka hanggang dito filipino time yung pinsan ko par"
" : Blue will be back alongside Filipino-American theater actor Joshua Dela Cruz. #EntertainmentNews  "
"syempre Filipino time, gg sya ih! "
"Can Netflix add some Filipino dramas "
" : Anita Magsaysay-Ho (Filipino, 1914-2012)  Vendors, 1945 "
"I been watching a bunch of Filipino movies on Netflix n lordt I like omg love being Filipino "
" : Going...going...gone! "
"the only challenge that matters in filipino fb is the paningning challenge "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
" : i was kind of confused about all the stuff about filipino boys breaking hearts, but then i remember the stories of how m"
"    and in all true blue Filipino artwork style! Nice!  "
"Filipino Stingy"
" : Wow! So inspiring.://t.co/2ry1YDDvWo#inspired #inspirational #inspireothers #filipino #pilot #pilotlife #Supe"
" Couldn't find any Filipino food in France!  ( Ruby's Fast Food) on #Yelp "
" PRISMS! O teaser do filme Sunshine Family, que ter a participa do Shinwoo, j foi liberado no IGTV!! film "
"I work w/ so much Filipinos &amp; yet from all of them they don know how to cook a Filipino dish  that crazy!"
"Unsa man gyud major in English or Filipino? Huhuhu"
"Madame Tussauds, Klook and Cathay Pacific Launches Pia Wurtzbach as First Filipino Wax Figure - Part 5 Pia Wur "
" : . Big 12 Champ Keira Christie-Galloway runs 13.49 into a headwind for the fastest 100mH qualifier at Stanford."
"I just watched this sad ass video of the girlfriend of a guy named Franco from a Filipino group named Hashtag and h "
"      Este es un Friki m que va de fino "
"Who can I motivate? "
"what is there to apologize about? i rarely see filipino leads in movies and if i was a director/writer/producer etc "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"Ang daming issues yall should be on that filipino show my dad use to watch on tv5 Face To Face "
" : After a crazy fast 110mH, Grant Holloway doubles back with a 20.6 200m "
" It not much for the S2 either:  I tried to expedite things in our shop b/c the Filipino corpsman visi "
" : Cos we're young, wild, free.  #MindFood #HeartFood #Chill #Art #ArtGallery #Filipino #PintoMuseum "
"1/2, a Filipino trans woman who has struggled with mental health problems and substance abuse throughout her l "
"  I dont think so but of course I wouldn know. I don believe in any superstitious Filipino beli "
"Un filipino descubre que la piedra que ten en casa es la perla m grande del mundo "
"Peace Bridge #peacebridge #yyc #calgary #calgaryalberta #albertacanada #canada #travelalberta #canadian #pinoy "
"for anyone who wants to try listening to filipino music  "
"keep seeing tweets saying that filipino boys are the worst and I AM OFFENDED"
"May iba pang nakayapak din sa graduation ngunit iba ang dating ng ama na naka-Superman shirt  naging symbolic -  a "
"Sobrang late post na ito but better late than never. OPTIMO MAXIMO:  Benito Lim (14 March 1937 - 21 March 2019 "
"Groomed her from age 5. man jailed for 11 years for molesting Filipino girl overseas "
"Be careful when using these phrases in Filipino!  phrases, vocabularies and grammar in Filipino with the be "
"What your ethnicity and racial background??  black &amp; filipino "
"  Joder,  , te est poniendo fino filipino. "
"filipino parents are always so ready to criticize you over every little thing"
"To all the filipino people living in #yeg ie Edmonton or just anyone go see  April 27th at the "
" :  It's funny cuz my filipino fam pronounces my name like Dennis."
"After years of fine tuning in their kitchen laboratories, the team of  created the perfect blend of "
"i having this filipino dessert/street food called scramble.  "
"'Child sex tourism': Perth man jailed for 11 years for molesting Filipino girl overseas "
" :  . Overseas  Recruitment (March 2019).  After a busy week With 138 job offers made, tonight"
" saweetia IS filipino, thank u shpence. "
" : Le is Saweetie but Filipino "
"   I just bought tickets to see you guys on Saturday April 27th in Edmonton. I do "
"Filipino family in Montgomery Village, Maryland displaced by fire "
"Un filipino descubre que la piedra que ten en casa es la perla m grande del mundo "
" . Overseas  Recruitment (March 2019).  After a busy week With 138 job offers made, t "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
" I once was asked in Japan by a Filipino cabaret singer if I knew his friend, John from London."
"O filipino j est a dar dores de cabe a mais"
"Madame Tussauds, Klook and Cathay Pacific Launches Pia Wurtzbach as First Filipino Wax Figure - Part 4 Pia Wur "
"i will be at the filipino | hawaiian food truck tomorrow"
"Madame Tussauds, Klook and Cathay Pacific Launches Pia Wurtzbach as First Filipino Wax Figure at tje Fashion Hall o "
"C quand les tita elle ouvre un resto Filipino la ??!! Je veux du halo halo ! leche flan !!!!!"
"March 29 marks a historic anniversary for the Filipino masses and oppressed people around the world. While the Fili "
" Man said Filipino"
" : Satisfy your craving for the most delicious Chinese - Tibetan - Filipino delicacies "
"Filipino parents lol "
"Joda, qued listo pa hacer gemelos varones.  acabo de tomar una sopa de bocachico, arroz con buen cucayo y un va "
"Thank you to all of the students who made  #CHIday19 possible. This year, organizers made the decision to "
" : Cat with beautiful eyes!  "
"why do Filipino parents love to guilt-tripping?"
"Madame Tussauds, Klook and Cathay Pacific Launches Pia Wurtzbach as First Filipino Wax Figure at tje Fashion Hall o "
" It's funny cuz my filipino fam pronounces my name like Dennis."
"Madame Tussauds, Klook and Cathay Pacific Launches Pia Wurtzbach as First Filipino Wax Figure - Part 4 Pia Wur "
" : Captain Nieves Fernandez, a #Filipino resistance leader and former school teacher, shows to an American soldier how she used"
"Este filipino me tiene muy enamorada "
"     Not even just Filipino Friends...anyone who walks by!!"
"   Im your filipino friend"
"Iranian         people have told me "
" Can you follow me cause we are Filipino Bronies"
" Since you are Filipino, can you follow me?"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
" was already grateful for being chosen to compete in this category, and to win it is just icing on the cake. Than "
"all right my filipino moots nakakamiss by eevee is the perfect song for a pining denki and an oblivious kiri who do "
" My husband is Filipino I am white. I grateful we choose each other. Stop using society/wokeness/BS as a "
"Filipino Bread Pudding Recipe by #PinoyRecipeAtIbaPa://t.co/2LAsZycPmD.#FilipinoRecipes #PinoyRecipes "
"TOXIC FILIPINO CULTURE: "
"Listen to the Filipino freelancers on why they love working in the FreeeUp marketplace. #freelancelife "
" : Keep calm n be proud that you're a filipino, I am a Filipino!  how about u, r u an Americanising Juke Box"
" If you think his the one and you like him then date him. If he broke your heart then his reasons is "
"filipino americans bringing back pasalubong from pinas like u can get the same thing in the states but its from th "
"Filipino chicken adobo "
"Our response to Typhoon Haiyan helped farmers discover that they actually own the land they cultivate! We helped th "
" she is not even a Filipino for goodness sake. no one is above the law. you should know that."
" gwapa - filipino"
"I'm enjoying birthday cheesecake and ube coffee with my sis! Thanks for the #Filipino flavors and food from "
" :  to wish  a happy birthday!  "
"Disadvantage of being the only filipino on your shift is gina asa simo tnan. Te tani sakon nlng mkadto sweldo nyo t "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"Fresh vehicle smell &gt;"
"Filipino legislator, instrumental in the realization of Universal Health Care in the Philippines "
"Filipino legislator, instrumental in the realization of Universal Health Care in the Philippines "
"  Should be validated if mga artista pero yong mga ordinaryong Filipino or critical sa i "
"Trying to recruit the best Filipino teachers from Louisiana to come join and #teachwithus here in ! "
" : Yugyeom said  KITA!!!!! is a win for filipino ahgases  "
" #nomeat #tofu #tofurecipes #sinangag #brownrice #organic #coffee #gevalia #lent #holyfriday "
"Antonio T. Carpio is arguably the most patriotic Filipino of the 21st century. "
"  Happy birthday!"
" Same with Filipino guys?"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"Un filipino descubre que la piedra que ten en casa es la perla m grande del mundo "
"Physic arrival wicked &amp; fake supernatural spirits are misused so called  playing candle  togethe "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"Filipino Store with Gifts, Apparel and Souvenirs: Coffee Mugs, T-Shirts &amp; Posters "
" Filipino moms be like,  you habing a heart attack?  Go grab the Bicks Bapor Rub."
" : can yall believe that  finally noticed our squad today? i'm still speechless. i love one (1) filipino man "
"Filipino legislator, instrumental in the realization of Universal Health Care in the Philippines "
"Filipino legislator, instrumental in the realization of Universal Health Care in the Philippines "
" starter pack: first name last name  face"
"Madame Tussauds, Klook and Cathay Pacific Launches Pia Wurtzbach as First Filipino Wax Figure - Part 3 Pia Wur "
"  everyone has been vista in one way or another"
"Filipino legislator, instrumental in the realization of Universal Health Care in the Philippines "
"The son of Filipino ring icon Manny Pacquiao wants to make his mark as an Olympian boxer. his father who mad "
"#wrestlepro and  superstar  bears an amazing and uncanny resemblance to former #wwe champio "
"Filipino legislator, instrumental in the realization of Universal Health Care in the Philippines "
"Todos usan la bandera de EEUU pero hay un filipino, dos chinos, un japon, un italiano, un cubano y un armenio."
"Potangina wer my filipino Queenies at? Tagal ko nang naghahanap ng friends dito mga kupal lumabas kayo "
"Le is Saweetie but Filipino "
" That's exactly what he said, I have reciepts. I'm not white I'm Persian, Hawaiian, and Filipino. I can "
"oh but you're not a real Asian. A phrase I've heard too many times over my life. A phrase people think is a compl "
" : Do you have any loved ones who speak Filipino, but still need to know Jesus Christ personally, as Savior and Lord? If so"
"Church charity steps in to aid disaster-hit Filipino farmers- La Croix International "
" It matches because this would definitely be sung at a Filipino wedding"
" fishermen told to fish farther from "
" : NEW on KNOCK: A bizarre story of a building manager, acting as a legal representative of the landlord, evicting a tenant be"
"Filipino legislator, instrumental in the realization of Universal Health Care in the Philippines "
"Filipino legislator, instrumental in the realization of Universal Health Care in the Philippines "
"  OMG I FINALLY SEEING FILIPINO QUEENIES HERE ON TWITTER"
"#Eerie is by far the best Filipino horror film I watched after Sukob &amp; Feng Sui. From the sounds, screenplay, st "
"The Filipino ladies in the xray lab are teaching the white lady how to pronounce a word and it's so damn cute"
" god. damn. LOL.  this is also the drag that filipino dudes need tbqh"
" OMG YOU FILIPINO TOOOO KSHDJSJSKSKKSKS I EMAILED BRIAN AND ASKED HIM IF HE AND ROGER COULD PERFO "
"Hindi ba admirable na ineembrace nya na Filipino sya? Go live abroad and you see lots of Filipinos who disown "
" You finna get banned from Filipino restaurants across daygo for that "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"If I worked at Jollibee I be exhausted everyday tryna be the ideal Filipino girl lol"
"  theres an indie movie called Korpino depicting the story of a half korean half Filipino m "
"4/ Also hoping for deeper Filipino words  pang ibaaaaa"
"3/ I mean, flexible ang Filipino language. Pwede pa kasing dagdagan pa yun ng 1 syllable para di awkward.g.Sig "
"1/ Okay, the MV looks promising, but there's still another thing that must be improved-the translation of the song "
"Filipino time ene?"
" - not filipino- not catholic but i did go to a catholic school- don't wear makeup i do have black "
"  no promises &gt;:)"
"Filipino legislator, instrumental in the realization of Universal Health Care in the Philippines "
" Wild!"
"my mother refuses to tell my filipino relatives im trans but jokes on her bcoz they find my instagram and find out anyways!"
" :  I thought these were Filipino women doing white face?"
" : Nadine Lustre (Filipino actress) : Quezon City, Philippines of birth: 1993-10-31: Diliman Preparatory"
"  Ah. My mistake. Also don't die"
"  apparently active shooter/hostage situation"
"  false, customer came in after being evacuated from their place saying they heard gun shots "
"  said she heard gun shots"
" : DEVELOPING: Frisco PD working active situation involving DPS Trooper://t.co/FpZ2Pw1YBF"
"They are probably not spying on boring Filipino planes."
"Ilocano food w twist!!!!jaxfilipinochefs with get_repost culinary artists of JAX Filipino Chefs are taking "
"filipino time amp"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
" And what were her Filipino parents doing crossing the border onto our shores? She got some nerve "
"Coworker: Have you considered starting a college fund? : No no no. I mixed and my fianc is Filipino. Colleges can fund me."
"i mean catriona not wrong. especially if it anything filipino-related, filipinos would cheer on lol "
"why do people look constipated in Filipino movie posters?"
"Something real bad must have happened "
"from 2am to 4am huh why is it always gonna be filipino time"
" Eto yung sa mga Intsik. This is soo unfair if Filipino People are being taxed while these foreigners are uncharged."
" : So what the hell is going on? The Filipino case suggests that it doesn't really matter if POCs assimilate, become educated, w"
"Food truck Friday at the County Bldg. Going Filipino today (haven't had in a long time). Lumpia, it's like a mini d "
" May dugong Filipino kasi yan tapos mahilig sa Jollibee. Endorser. HAHAHA!"
" : me: :( pig at filipino parties: : :)"
" : Come on arent you tired of this bullshit nonsense. NARUTO has real story and lot of various powers that all my posts will"
" Hello I'm Filipino and a cosplayer wassup??? ;; v;;"
"Come on arent you tired of this bullshit nonsense. NARUTO has real story and lot of various powers that all my post "
"2019 Filipino Mental Health-Being Summit, April 12th "
"  Your eggs had little chicks inside? .. wait.. is you Filipino?"
" Hm, I don't know Filipino food well, but there were a few vegetarian foods that stood out from the I Am A "
"        Act "
" ikaw ba ang anak ni Mam Filipino? HAHAHAHA She my former adviser. Btw, Goodluck to ur Sja Journey! God Bless!"
"  Thank you Grace. I will include you and your book on the 2019 Debut Release Calendar and "
"  La bola de cristal la tengo en  el taller. Aunque hispano o filipino cualquiera q qu "
"can yall believe that  finally noticed our squad today? i'm still speechless. i love one (1) filipino man "
" :  got introduced into hip hop through graffiti and breakdancing because my cousin on my Filipino side would clear out the"
" :  over here saying we should brought all kinds of filipino food for p.e"
"Dear me: just calm down"
"lulong/kontrabida tapos mga kanta nang psychedelic boyz basta filipino hiphop"
"i was kind of confused about all the stuff about filipino boys breaking hearts, but then i remember the stories of "
"Nadine Lustre (Filipino actress) : Quezon City, Philippines of birth: 1993-10-31: Diliman Pr "
" : y don rlly hate filipino boys y just trying to fit in ooOops"
"   most important thing para right path po ( relationship). Dapat center si God. so thei "
"The late #SFSU history professor Dawn Mabalon book about Filipino American labor organizer Larry Itliong was feat "
" I follow people who speak a different language than I do so I sometimes see Jojo ay pag-ibig Jojo "
"  Also, why is our arbiter for quality filipino films recognition abroad? Lol"
"It's their go to word for any and all Conservatives. We are ALL #racists in their eyes. #Liberals are a pathetic bu "
" Family members or not; Mexican, Central American, South American, Filipino, Asian, Eastern European "
" over here saying we should brought all kinds of filipino food for p.e"
"(9)  wallpapers/lockscreens Filipino Vines Originals#MaineMendoza #DADDYSGURLCOOLamSummer for TC "
" : Active situation in the 6800-block on Lebanon Road, stay clear of the area.  Eastbound Lebanon currently shut down.  Informat"
" Thank you, Jen!!  CAKE IS GOOD. nailed it! I had to get it custom made bc there is no Filipino bakeries nearby."
"Filipino fishermen subjected to racial slurs and violent attack on fishing trip to Raglan. #RacismInRaglan  "
" that so strange haha. i think i mostly filipino and spanish/chinese"
"Okay Real Talk: I lived in a Filipino household, and I thought my step-mom just kept that in the bathroom to hel "
"i almost got a $75 ticket for not paying my train fair but when he found out i was Filipino he let me go LOL i was "
" El disco chino filipino de Enrique y Ana!"
" : Nicole Adrienne Ponseca, we could not be more proud! Congratulations in all your success and most especially for the con"
" : No hyphen for dual heritage terms such as African American, Asian American and Filipino America. The hyphen serves as a divide"
"One of the Philippines most prominent journalists has been arrested for the seventh time in what she says is a cam "
"        "
" : reading a print newspaper article about filipino food in which several of the dishes are spelled wrong: buko pandon, pat"
"Did you know? The 1987 Philippine Constitution prohibits foreigners from intervening in any  activity "
" : Be   !!! We just started a #kaibiganklub  and it is everything  "
"surviving having a filipino mom your entire life is worthy of a standing ovation"
" Fascinating. I was totally expecting something related to the Indian Arts and Crafts Act. then, tha "
" : From Roilo Golez (FB) : We Filipinos should stand up for these Filipino fishermen. I believe the Chinese Coast Guard person"
"My achievement shows that filipino households will honor you when you achieve something big in life, but behind you "
"HISTORIA | El Legan filipino://t.co/UTCz2sqiMP"
"Porket hindi kayo same ng sinusuportahan dame nyung kuda tsk.  Btw Im not DDS ha isa akong Filipino na sumusunod la "
"im covering a filipino song later today. it's in english but it's from a filipinx singer (i wont reveal them now ) "
"#NewMusicFriday ::  no one in the Icelandic rap scene quite like Filipino-Icelandic rhymer,  "
"I love sustainable projects with a touch of filipino culture "
"I felt that he degrade not just me but all Filipino's out there."
"Hot meal for  tomorrow .Filipino Chicken Sopas creamy delicious comfort food is cooked us "
"  Story is when I was born in 1975, parents married-still are, my Filipino great uncle came to t "
"The Ai-Ai &amp; Uge tandem is the pinnacle of filipino comedy movies: the pang-masa kind of comedy na hindi pilit &amp; als "
" : Dear crush, fall in love with me."
"Then my caller laughed at me and said I wish you can understand me you're a Filipino."
"The casting director was Filipino and I told him I homemade Filipino and if that isn iconic idk what is"
" : Dr.   what an honor. Thank you for sharing my article. Mostly, thank you for your work in colonial mentality, inte"
" : Among the ISIS fighters &amp; wives that surrendered today, I saw a Finnish woman &amp; 4 children, 2 French women, 1 Norwegian, 2 Dut"
" Ve.. Vegetarian? Filipino? Eeeeek. Um, atchara, munggo (sans pork), Um... halo halo! Guinitaan :D I can s "
"I hate it when people from US underestimate the knowledge and skills of Filipino's. "
"me: :( pig at filipino parties: : :)"
"Lol sappy posts over  just really appreciate my Irish Filipino man!"
"Filipino men ain shit fuck outta her with that shit yo."
" : NEW research shows that the risks of death from heart disease and stroke vary among Asian American subgroups, with the"
"Un filipino descubre que la piedra que ten en casa es la perla m grande del mundo. La familia de Abraham Reyes "
"iPhone mo or pet mo? Alin ba ang mas mahalaga? Sino ba ang may sala, ang amo o ang aso? 'Yan ang pinag-uusapan. "
"hindi ko mashare sa fb yung filipino culture about utang na loob huhu"
" I thought these were Filipino women doing white face?"
" Omg Filipino Friday all around!!! HYPE"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
" I do not look like Morgan Freeman? What race are you? Filipino?"
" Male Filipino nurses*"
"So Close Boys I Am Grinding So Hard xD    Playing w/  "
" nga Asian, Filipino nga  boi? Hindi tayo Asian?"
"So I brought lunch today, like I always do, and I *want* to be responsible/healthy but I also want a whole bunch of "
"I still can get over how tone deaf and unrealistic this picture of Manitoba nurses is, none of them are Filipino "
"Filipino Coconut Adobo Chicken   "
" tagalog/filipino"
"   Filipino which is technically Tagalog but yk"
" : Para akong nanunuod ng epic Filipino movie sa #SahayaParaSaAnak . Dun ko lang kasi napapanood yung mga ganung scenes ta"
" Is this a Filipino movie? I watched this on Netflix last weekend "
"#29_March #Birth 1937 &amp;#8211; Roberto Chabet, Filipino painter and sculptor (d. 2013)"
"nalaman mong 50 items quiz sa filipino tapos may dialogue test: "
"With the recent news of the arrest of the big time awarded journalist, Maria Ressa, the 2nd time in a span of a mon "
"World First Armless Pilot is a Real-Life Filipino American Superwoman "
" Lol didnt know you were filipino "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"Andre has Filipino blood yet c Fumiya mas magaling pa mag Tagalog kesa c Andre na walang walang effort :/ #PBBGradu8tion"
" Filipino Jimin is dat u????!!?!"
"She also reminded me that she was 130 lbs post pregnancy. I quickly reminded her that she had me at 22. SOMEONE TEL "
"I work with people from Manila everyday and it makes me think of my Filipino family  "
"Tangina dapat kasi bumili na ako ng libro sa filipino e"
"  My cousin was one of those babies and she's only 41. When she found her birth parents, her "
" : Filipino celebrities &amp; influencers, did you hear that? Speak now or forever hold your peace. Do what you can with what you"
" funny thing, sa ingles natin pinapahayag yung saloobin natin tungkol sa wikang filipino hahahaha "
"Don't just take our word for it --  our customers are raving about the Filipino staples you love. "
" Dudeee all I been watching on Netflix are Filipino movies rn  for rent,  Everything about her "
" : Yo!  will be joining Filipino AF this Friday in LA! FREE SHOW at the UCB Inner Sanctum Cafe &amp; Stage - 9:30pm. We"
"Got a local deluxe platter to go and McDonalds didn pack me a fork and knife.  how Filipino do you think I am?!"
"Dalawa ang matres, may ganun pala?  Her first baby and the twins were conceived and have grown in separate wombs. "
" I know the Filipino brethren serve it with powdered sugar sometimes. Never heard of syrup though. Sounds suspect."
"i failed as a son, i failed as a student, i failed as a filipino, i failed as a friend. i failed as a human being."
" : Hey  i loving that you been adding filipino movies but there is a lack of #jadine movies on there. Just saying"
" : I can't believe Filipino netizens, esp the youth, are wasting time and energy over these ~iNfLuEnCeRs~ and their shitty lives"
"Be   !!! We just started a #kaibiganklub  and it is everything  "
" : Another Toxic Filipino Culture: will stand on your own in times of life's struggles and difficulties. when success"
"Filipino American not Filipino-American. on : The hyphen dates to the 19th century as a way to disti "
" : 5 years ago, Bobby Shmurda dropped the Hot N***a video ://t.co/fCTlSYUpL0"
"Una buena gr que lo haga correr fino filipino. #IntelGamingEnPcComponentes "
"   tea, but what these people just want from them, fil-ams as well as fili "
" : ATTENTION EVERYONE!  out to FAYA Annual Filipino Festival on April 5, 2019 from 5-8 PM! Enjoy a night full of perfor"
" So are you discussing like if the tattoos are in Filipino style or just the act of the hand poking itself ?"
"100 Best #Filipino #Films Directed by #Women#Pinay #Woman #Filmmaker #Filmdirector #Filmproducer #Womanpower "
"FILIPINO ACCOUNTANT WITH CPA  "
" : Yesterday,  closed 's first anniversary summit by relating a Filipino version of Aesop's fabl"
" :  we love the song so much especially your parts because you sang in FREAKING Filipino and you're like so f"
" : No makeup yet so simply beautiful !!! My Queen has truly has some filipino blood in her system!! She's"
"my mom told me in tagalog to not be a slut when i told her that i walk home today .... this rlly is filipino cult "
"Banana Chips Recipe Filipino Style by #PinoyRecipeAtIbaPa://t.co/TnyrZTquqo.#FilipinoRecipes #PinoyRecipes "
"  Is she now. I thought she was Filipino"
"Stuff like this has happened to me too many times where I live. I hate to be like this but I now have no respect fo "
"Grocery shopping at Sprouts is therapeutic"
"Un filipino descubre que la piedra que ten en casa es la perla m grande del mundo - Gente - Diario de Le "
" Maybe I should have clarified that I half filipino. lol"
" Because President Trump, CUT the MANVI program, which invites skilled foreign born recruits. Which we n "
"my hs filipino teacher said  poppies are popping alright i love that"
"TOXIC FILIPINO CULTURE .l."
" : Yesterday was the birthday of Virgilio (Virgil) Redondo, eldest of three Filipino brothers who broke into American com"
"Filipino from Davao, now lives in LA "
"binatang filipino drunk version at 2AM  "
"Why do Filipino artists love doing Mariah Carey cover music skskskdksks"
"   Does this include all usage, like when referring to Filipino-American cuisine "
"Lou Diamond Phillips, a Filipino, played a troubled chicano from east LA in the movie Stand and Deliver and Ritchie "
" : Park Jihoon left Filipino MAYs dazzled by his charms and killer performances during #ParkJihooninManila! out our"
"Filipino grandmas can do that shit too, Brenda. "
"ERIK MATTI WILL ALWAYS BE THE KING OF FILIPINO MOVIE  BADASS DIRECTOR "
" : Dear Filipino Moomoos,  Philippines will have an upcoming Cupsleeve Event for Wheein's Birthday Celebration."
"ling, Studio max, Photo Shop and Sketch up is a must, fluent English Speaker and Good Communication Skills.Educati "
"Trying a different thing today by creating an illustration based on Filipino Tribal Warriors. #filipinotribe "
"Click here to subscribe to our #monthly #Arts #Business #Entertainment (Abe) #Magazine here - "
" : Kids YouTube is fucking wild "
" : no offense to myself or anything but what the fuck am i actually doing"
" I can disagree even being Filipino. Numerous family members have said that if my son were gay they wo "
"Hi, hello, my mom told me more about our Filipino culture and I am in awe. I hella grateful to be born in a Filip "
"Puta 100% pure filipino ako hindi chinese ano ba mga puti "
"   I'll return the favor: I return fuck you to a certain 16 year old filipino kid f "
"Got introuble for telling a filipino to say  lmfao im done."
"All I'm sayin is that my mom makes better filipino spaghetti than the one from Jollibee"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"Im actually becoming an old filipino woman. I was nearly going to text my boyfriend that the pasta I cook is way be "
"Yey for filipino movies "
"Had some craic teaching hurling to some English, Polish, Hungarian, Portuguese, Lithuanian, Irish and Filipino 7 ye "
"You may remember our legal intern Domini from a few years ago. Well, he has since graduated law school and he's bac "
"I really don wanna be bothered"
"Yesterday was the birthday of Virgilio (Virgil) Redondo, eldest of three Filipino brothers who broke into American "
"  As a Filipino, I so happy she was arrested again. Millions and millions of of Filipino "
"Alejano calling for Filipino First Policy "
"Isang dalagang Filipino yeah! "
"   As a Filipino, I so happy she was arrested again. Millions and millions "
"Playing catch up on . My 1st observations are:.  I want to infiltrate the show because clearly the w "
" As a Filipino, I so happy she was arrested again. Millions and millions of of Filipinos are celebra "
"Do you ever realize that filipino food taste different in each household."
"Oh also I've sought out this old Filipino lady lmaoo we discussed her recent trip back home"
"ICYMI: Filipino-Chinese, arestado matapos mahulihan ng sachet ng hinihinalang shabu sa isang hotel sa Dela Rosa St. "
"I love Filipino moms so much..they hit a spot in mi corozon.  especially mine :) "
"Dear Filipino Moomoos,  Philippines will have an upcoming Cupsleeve Event for Wheein's Birthday Celebratio "
"Insights Into Speedy Products Of Filipino Brides  "
"Starting the day at a farm documenting a lunch hosted by Musang for Taste Washington, highlighting Seattle farm-t "
"That's my favourite Filipino word "
" That why I drink milk and I 6 you 4 Filipino"
" oH I think there's some similarities between spanish and filipino"
"James Reid and Nadine Lustre reading Filipino tongue twisters is too funny! ://t.co/utCvG3k0oz"
"Na test yung filipino at english ko kanina.  Intense.  Im shook it went smoothly  like woah"
"Keep calm n be proud that you're a filipino, I am a Filipino!  how about u, r u an Americanising Juke "
" about how filipino parents domestically abuse their kids (verbally and physically) like it no big deal "
" She didnt agree about filipino boys being the worst Moms are always right"
"Filipino candy a coworker brought. Its pure caramelized sugar. #diabeetus in a candy stick. "
"Aanhin pa ang damo, kung patay na ang kabayo. Filipino proverDo what needs to be done before you run out of time.in English .#boompak"
"since late night na,  bakit kaya yung sex terms ng mga Filipino malimit may kinalaman sa pagtatanim? Fil 40 time "
"2:29am from overseas filipino wanderlust to overseas filipino worker"
" : Marco Luciano, formerly from Montreal, in the news as he works to build community centre for growing Philippine community in Al"
" same rationale rin siya when foreign youtubers upload challenges involving a filipino topic/tradition/food/ "
"i decided to watch it again cos i saw a tweet recommending the  filipino films and i was like, why the heck i "
"TYPHOON NEWS: Church charity steps in to aid disaster-hit Filipino farmers - La Croix International "
"I'll give this 8/10. One of the the scariest and eeriest Filipino film of late.. Ganda ng cinematography and sound. "
"   Indeed - it my favorite add-in for Filipino Halo Halo and there are "
" ending ment  Mahal ko kayo, Filipino MAY (icb i said ilyt to jihoon in 3 diff. languages oMG HAHAHAHAH) "
" : I like to thank the Filipino gods for their help today"
"Come enjoy our favorite Filipino Food Truck TOMORROW and learn about buying a new home, mortgages, and insurance, f "
"We are less than a week away from our CSFA' 32nd Annual Philippine Day!!! Hope to see you on April 7th at the large "
"muting the words  boys  a form of self care"
". on race-related coverage and dual heritage:  hyphen for terms such as African American, Asian Amer "
" : Underrated Filipino Artist. Allmo$t. Because. Jess Connelly. Jason Dhakal. Lipip"
" : Honestly my Netflix account lookin like TFC and GMA with all these Filipino movies I been binge watching "
"Filipino Robbie"
" I worked next to a Filipino woman who married a Cuban-American airman. She got the surname  "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"Filipino parents are so toxic. You're trying to defend yourself from the accusations and now you lack respect but w "
""
" you mean pig's blood. idk what it's called in filipino "
"add 10 points for everything we share identity-wise with- male- black, nappy hair- brown eyes parents' "
"Most of Filipino teenagers whenever we see homeless people, we feel motivated to become successful someday so that "
"kung saan ang gatas-filipino"
"Aight if you trynna watch filipino rom-coms and get wine drunk, HMU"
"Kinda see some Filipinos watching #Beintehaa hmmm must be Filipino from Dubai, UAE"
"The Associated Press has made a big change to : dropping the hyphen in dual heritage terms such as  "
"I didn want to blend this beautiful Filipino Adobo Mazeman from ....but it was napakasarap! "
" : NCAA lead 50.96 400m by Sharrika Barnett!://t.co/NUWBQJHMbq"
"Y'all. People really listened to my presentation on bagoong (Filipino fish/shrimp paste), took one of my samples, E "
" :  You haven't had the true Filipino experience unless you were beaned with one of these from across the house"
" Only Filipino person"
" : Nah he gotta chill   "
"Mabuhay ang Filipino Hiphop!!!! ://t.co/7NyDZawDyw"
" : In the honor of #PrideMonth I making a thread of Filipino LGBT themed films "
"Madame Tussauds, Klook and Cathay Pacific Launches Pia Wurtzbach as First Filipino Wax Figure - Part 3 Pia Wur "
"The Global Filipino United Methodists Movement will collaborate with the Asian American Language Ministry, an initi "
" SISIG. IT'S A FILIPINO FOOD."
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
" I a Filipino-American in California, trying to get my extremely non-Catholic urban-fantasy stories/p "
"You guys have to watch this on Netflix. A Filipino chickflick movie.   still running down my cheeks. Hai "
"I have nothing against Filipino movies but seriously ?! I feel like I don't deserve this. Kung saan saan "
" : EVERY FILIPINO/ASIAN MOMS WHENEVER THEY ASK YOU TO DO CHORES.. THAT SHIT IS NON STOP!  "
"I have the Filipino accent down to a T, now I just gotta learn Tagalog"
"Me: *says po at end of sentence to be respectful* guest: ah Pinoy ka? Pwede mag discount ha? *then talks i "
" :    Spot on and informative: but the only way forward to progress in the Philippin"
"yung finals nextweek sa Accounting, Filipino at Banking.. Tatlong subject na malala lagi ang paexam..... "
"Super excited to be guesting in tonight FREE filipinoafshow ucbinnersanctumcafe! Come out and support! Food truck "
" : Did a look inspired by my fave Filipino dessert Sapin Sapin  using  x   Palette &amp; Boss mood pale"
"It's the Yellow Party who is behind the removal of those accounts, what if the yellow pages is the one who is strol "
" 21. My first language is Italian bc I was born in Italy but I can speak Filipino (bc I'm filipina if you "
"the Don S. McClure Show Tonight featured artist JAYA RAMSEY Luisa Ramsey Kagahastian-Gotidoc, known professio "
"  Correct ! IG dia  samrichelle (samantha bolkiah) mak dia tak silap pelakon/artis Filipino. "
"honestly im so glad my parents are immigrants like can u imagine being raised by second gen filipino americans I CANT"
"Filipino parents: you make a joke it turns to a life lesson and they'll get mad about it"
" :  hapi bertdey sa peyborit kong filipino youtuber!!! namseyin???? kuya!!!!!! jik!!!! sobrang solid mo as a kuya"
"   Spot on and informative: but the only way forward to progress in the Phili "
" Not at work, but there was a Bangladeshi girl in my school and people got us constantly mixed up. I "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"my friend described my design as Its literally she-ra and cap marvel put together but filipino and I cannot help that I am what I consume"
"Atlantis, The Palm , beach &amp; stripes.#atlantis #atlantisthepalm #dubai #uae #dubailife #nomad "
"There is no more hyphen for dual heritages: Asian American, African American, Filipino American POC, but people of color is "
"Filipino Pork Adobo and white rice &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;"
"Binatang Filipino ngek#Benito #NewProfilePic "
"   Hayaan niyo sila ui..basta kami solid lie proud filipino ug siya lang sinubay bayan ko.."
"I like to thank the Filipino gods for their help today"
"Pasear a lomos de un caballo por el cortijo y a continuaci masaje filipino "
"  Name: Aera: Dec 23: (ult) cheol,and hoshi: Filipino'03 liner is cute"
" i used to work with a filipino girl in England and she used to bring random meals to me at work.  dream about her sometimes."
" soy un gitano fino, fino, fino filipino... pero con mucha ciricuntancia!, con mucha ciricuntancia, que a mi "
" You haven't had the true Filipino experience unless you were beaned with one of these from across the house"
"Ghad, ayoko nalang i-contradict 'yung opinion mo kasi di tayo close HAHAHA.  Di ako komportable, baka magalit ka. "
" Ahhh Filipino parents at its finest lol"
" a wholesome filipino boy? unheard of"
" Bruce lee teacher was Filipino he learned many Filipino martial arts"
" Ok sorry. Gusto ko lang ishare since you're talking about Filipino families but ok."
"  Ano kaya talaga tunay niya na pangalan? If she not from a Filipino family?"
"    Truth. It's not like we have the Filipino equivalent of the Godfa "
" Ano yon? Filipino version ng netflix?"
"REMINDER: NAU FASA is NOW selling TICKETS for the LOW PRICE of $5 for The 1st Annual Filipino Culture Night here at "
"As a Filipino, my main bondiny moments with my lola, ate, mama, and yayas were telenovelas. I'm miles away from hom "
" : Do you really expect Liza to question herself when she was offered this coveted role just 'coz you have issues? knows in"
"I can believe how mature my filipino cousin is while he only a few months older than I am"
"  oh geez I'm so excited to experience the magic. I live relatively close to a handful of Fili "
"Jay Ann has shared a video of a Filipino fishing trawler like the one her uncle goes to sea on. "
"Hopi  "
"Filipino mom: close, open, close, open : "
" : Inigo Pascual (a Filipino Actor and Singer) together with WENGIE (Youtuber with 13M+ subscribers) has been working with a"
"ASIAN MINI RICE CAKE RECIPE | RICE PUTO SA GATA RECIPE |PAANO MAGLUTO NG PUTO|FILIPINO DESSE. "
" : This is how  works. if PH eventually will not be able to pay off its debt to CH. ://t.co/6ruN6M"
" A lot of Filipino middle/upper class families have children who have delusions of a grandeur. For some "
"Filipino moms and aunts be inserting their pin number and they put so much force their body sways back"
"Thanks chinggus   Club Filipino "
"and if you think abt it, it not really weird or funny, it just strange bc not a lot of filipino parents are like that sometimes  js"
" Magtagalog ka please pag nag eexplain..yung mga nghihirap mong kababayan na hindi mkapag aral di ka mai "
"I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me. -Philippians 4:13 in Mathematics "
"Shoutout to the little Filipino boy in the airport that kept screaming ! mommy! I want to go on the Aeroplane "
"Sarap ng grade ngayong 3rd quarter panira lang talaga yong Filipino"
"InsiderFood : The options at this Filipino feast are endless  "
" filipino"
"VIDEO: To promote world class Filipino skilled workers TESDA holds 2019 regional skills competition featuring in de "
"  Filipino"
"The options at this Filipino feast are endless  "
"A big change to the : dropping the hyphen in duel American terms such as  American,  Ame "
"Filipino food is actually the best. "
"      and not being a true Fili "
"i feel a very transcendental energy surge through my veins every time i listen to this album and also get flashback "
"The options at this Filipino feast are endless  "
"PSA: Sinigang is the SUPERIOR Filipino food. People who think otherwise won't survive the winter. PERIODT."
" :  Imagine a tax evader worrying about Filipino taxes"
" Steve! #BluesClues #isteeb #JoshuaDeLaCruz "
" Filipino time tayo aah hahahaha thanks lei "
"Getting my taxes done at a Filipino tax company. I shit you not that they hardcore staring at me talking gibberi "
"Filipino breakfast just hit different like damn any protein w rice and egg "
"No hyphen for dual heritage terms such as African American, Asian American and Filipino America. The hyphen serves "
"Whereas Filipino laborers are paid barely the daily minimum wage."
"That Filipino dancer, dance moves was a wicked one.#about last nite zumba"
" removing hyphen from African American, Asian American and Filipino American. #ACESAPStyle #ACES2019"
"No hyphen for terms such as African American, Asian American, and Filipino American.  #ACES2019 #NotAtACES"
"!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! filipino culture is actually very toxic. (my mom never forced me to help her, but i give her "
" : Grade 10 Teachers: SIR ANTIVO: SIR ANTIVO: SIR ANTIVO: SIR ANTIVO: SIR ANTIVO:"
"Break a leg,  ! of the last rehearsal of Dulaang Filipino's Oedipus (1/2) "
"lechon kawali twice in one week? yes i am filipino and yes i am going to die"
" But can I also point out that it's not a parents' responsibility anymore after the kid has found work "
"  Most filipino workers are used to getting things done. However foreign coworkers may have the "
"With a rich history and a knack for blending flavours, #Filipino cuisine has been tagged as the 'next big thing' to "
"Quezon City Residence Ang Macao, noong maraming Chinese ang walang trabaho, pinaalis nila ang mga Filipino OFWs na "
" : MGA FILIPINO ARMYS !!! FILIPINO ARMYS !!! FILIPINO ARMYS !!! FILIPINO ARMYS !!! FILIPINO ARMYS !!!"
" don tell me that i wrote philippene instead of filipino"
"Filipino boys               Vietnamese boys                                            ruining your life"
"Looking for an additional income source? Join Unlishop! is a Filipino owned company but anyone in the wor "
"I dunno who else is SE Asians...? My Filipino () and Singaporean () tweeps. Any Thai, Cambodian, Indonesian, etc....?"
"payag ka dalagang filipina ka pero yung utot mo pang binatang filipino ?"
"Madame Tussauds, Klook and Cathay Pacific Launches Pia Wurtzbach as First Filipino Wax Figure - Part 2 Pia Wur "
" made your perfect soft scrambled eggs today. yum! only change i made (just for personal preference) "
" ano tingin mo sakin tumatae ng pera?! -Filipino Moms"
"Psssst... Shoutout to  my filipino fam doing big things in the tech community. Keep up the great work. (Sup Pare)"
" THANK YOU!!  Without you and the Flandreau Filipino community this wouldn have happened!"
"All these tweets about Filipino boys really getting to me. not all are assholes "
"We FIlipino kids pretty much went fromNanay, tatay, gusto kong tinapayNanay, tatay, gusto kong tumagay"
"So now that I live somewhere that is more multicultural and has several Filipino restaurants, it not really that "
" Filipino haha btw what is philly or fiji?"
" Ms/Mr. Ressa, disclose first your real personality. People are confused. First are you Filipino or Indo "
"Madame Tussauds, Klook and Cathay Pacific Launches Pia Wurtzbach as First Filipino Wax Figure - Part 2 Pia Wur "
" : Binatang Filipino  :) "
"Artist: * draws a brown Darna (because her host is Filipino) with muscles (because she's a great alien warrior duh) "
"Whats it like being filipino in Kentucky or some shit ?!?!?"
" : Sarah Geronimo acting in the Filipino adaptation of the Korean film  Granny did not go unnoticed. "
"Funny Filipino Kids Doing a Dance Craze Kids Litte Adventures Vlog 01 "
"Explore San Francisco's Filipino food scene during Kulinary Confidential "
" Hahahahahahha im a filipino ang we used lots of expressions here  chupa means kiss not reall "
"Isang Binatang Filipino yeaaaahhh"
"TONIGHT: Celebrating 46 years of Filipino heritage radiating in beauty that had flourished from our ancestors deep "
"Friday night well spent, Congrats to the whole superb cast who perform this Filipino musical brilliantly! "
"Explore San Francisco's Filipino food scene during Kulinary Confidential #sanfrancisco #food "
" A Filipino sister group of AKB48(from Japan)  there's one in Bangkok(BNK48) and Jakarta(JKT48) too"
"Rappler CEO Maria Ressa arrested in the Philipoines is good news. She reporting all bad things of Duterte Adminis "
"grabe wala nang sumeseryoso sa filipino, lagi na lang kwentuhan ang ganap kay sir zen haha"
"Men in general just love ruining your life, idk why y singling out the Filipino boys "
" : Only Filipino Armys might know this song, but i dedicated this song to my boys (BANGTAN) because they were the second"
"   Filipino ba kayo or Japanese?"
"I watched a vlog about koreans trying filipino beer and I want and need Daniel to try red horse. Hahahahahahahahahahahahaha"
"Filipino mentality nga nmn"
" : WHEN PEOPLE DONT KNOW FILIPINO WORDS "
"Dear friends, I debating on if I can pass for Californian Filipino guy, please advise "
"Only Filipino Armys might know this song, but i dedicated this song to my boys (BANGTAN) because they were the seco "
"Happy Filipino Friday y! Do any of you recommend and vegetarian Filipino dishes I could make for tonight stre "
"omggggg. This guy at my shop called lumpia and Filipino egg roll "
"Remember that cory hated the Filipino people as a result of her anger and jealousy upon the confirmation that Marco "
"  Name: Ellaine: July 2: Joshua (ult) &amp; Seungcheol, Jeonghan, Jun, Soonyo "
"#stopwars  Anti Imperialist Collection #ugatclothing #ugat #knowyourroots #filipino #filipina #pinoy #pinay "
"ATTENTION! Dyslexia is looking for foreign language speakers to take part in our new BAME project! l "
"I really miss you, my Korean Buddy.  face like a Korean, but actually she is original Filipino  "
" : . got to perform with American pop star  at the . She expressed her admiration for"
"Filipino kaba talaga HAHHAHAAHHHAA"
"im so happy !   Manam Comfort Filipino "
"Honestly I am not a fan of watching movies especially Filipino horror Films but I didn't expect this movie (Eerie) "
"I understand that diversification is now a global trend, but let's see if it'll really work on Filipino fans. Btw, "
" : Took her bishhh ass to an authentic local Filipino restaurant ! Gawdddd love this bishhhhh ! "
"Filipino boys are ________"
"Went to get our nails done at this salon thay charges 190aed for a mani-pedi yet they pay their Filipino nail techs only 1800aed a month."
" The only ideas I have would be like something with Filipino sun, something Chicago flag, Dirtybird, Rel "
"what's the gender neutral aunt/uncle/sibling of your parents' sibling in filipino. Would it be Titx?"
"Waddup, made a Filipino version of dog lasagna in my other channel://t.co/frt0isEgZQ"
"Listening to  founder  not embracing her Filipino heritage growing up resonates....so much. "
"Ube is just filipino for purple yam and gabi for taro "
"Telesales Executive - Outbound - Tagalog Speaker (Filipino) - RAKBANK "
"Filipino cuisine is so good, poor everybody else especially *******"
" Haha Filipino or foreign?"
"napa grind ako dahil sa filipino HAHAHA"
"Bakit yung books na gusto ko naka translate to Filipino "
" velho tem um oppa filipino aqui aveeeee "
"Filipino carabao mangoes not those wack ass hard red &amp; green ones smh"
"Meet Park and Tidong, bestfriends since God knows when, as they spend the day with broken hearts and unsaid feeling "
"Went in on this Filipino food... my gawd "
" Reminds me of how Filipino music bands are introduced back in the day: the Side A band, the Eraserheads ban "
"Drank beer and gin with our cishet male gym buddy. The topic reached our love lives so I just straight up told him "
" : maybe if you don mess with the wrong filipino fuck boys instead of the ACTUAL genuine ones, you won get your heart brok"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
" I don't understand the malay/filipino?? but I want more"
"Posted in our Filipino Homes Accounts on FB...Tita Min     "
"lakas magpakaba ng filipino nakakabadtrip"
" : Scream go hero: Filipino mom edition "
"Benigno S. Aquino WALA ginawa sa mamamayang Filipino. As in WALA!SALOT pa sa bansa,nandyan ang Hacienda Luisita Mas "
" Ikaw yun hahahah matuto ka sa isang Filipino enthusiast!!!!"
"the artist on prev rt is a Filipino *____*"
" AKO So you are Filipino? "
"Meet Jim.  is an #edtech rockstar who was recently included in the 30 under 30 global list of literacy l "
" : TRANSFORMING FILIPINO CULTURE INTO STREETWEAR  "
"What do you call medicated oils in Filipino???"
"*Toxic filipino family culture* nalang ilalabas ang mga bagong gamit pag my bisita tapos wag walang bisita yu "
"Wow thanks ma'am lessie. Nagimprove ata yung filipino skills ko"
" : we aren filopino. we are filipino "
"who would've guessed that getting into poly straight from express would be a free stay an extra year without anyon "
"Gg yan na naman sa Filipino Pride na yan."
"I don't see the logic of imposing the proper dress code when entering Philippine government agencies. Does it dimin "
" : Changing our perception of  Filipino food  #filipinofood "
"Madame Tussauds, Klook and Cathay Pacific Launches Pia Wurtzbach as First Filipino Wax Figure - Part 1 Pia Wur "
"I can wait when the Illustrators, Designers, Animators, and Directors of my generation create a studio to produce "
"Some Filipino audiences usually mattered about the acting of actor or actress than the plot in soap operas."
"I'm listening to this Filipino rap album and it started getting political midway...I fuck with this so hard yeeeess "
" : tangina filipino yan blue eagle na sana ako"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
" BMTS Chow Runners. Flight 436 runner was 6'4 blonde Scandinavian type size 15 boots. Flight 435 runn "
"Ang laki siguro ng utang na loob ni Ping LACSON sa mga Aquino para i-endorse niya si Mar Roxas at Bam Aquino. Para "
" : Support our talented CUE Ariana at the  Filipino Culture Night tomorrow!! "
"Tip to my non filipino mutuals who want to try halo-halo. Remember to make halo (lmao) or mix it all completely bef "
"Get 10 free Lyft with this new Lyft code Lyft Code is: ZOOT    ~~ Laguna Cafe(American ?New?, Filipino, Asian Fusion)"
"Dr.   what an honor. Thank you for sharing my article. Mostly, thank you for your work in colonial mental "
" talking about filipino porn is gold hahahahaha"
" It made sense when I found out she was part Filipino."
"Madame Tussauds, Klook and Cathay Pacific Launches Pia Wurtzbach as First Filipino Wax Figure - Part 1 Pia Wur "
"The deployment of #Filipino #seafarers dwindled by more than 100,000, according to preliminary data for the year 20 "
"HFGFDJFHGJFDF IM SO PROUD THAT FILIPINO TWITTER IS OVERPOWERING THE DUTEE TROLL ACCOUNTS SKSKSKSKSK HAHAHAHHA NIC "
"Who will win the  #USChessChamps    this year?  The Japanese, Italian, Cuban or the Filipino?"
"Sepanjang perjalanan tgok cerita filipino ni,  i realised something. Yg lelaki dorg sweet nokharom. Bila panggil gi "
"Funny and Embarrassing Moments of Filipino Divers in SEA Games 2015. Anyare??? . . . "
"Kung naay ka chat foreigner, uyabon na kuno dayon. Kung naay kuyog foreigner, uyab sad kuno. Haroy Filipino being t "
"today we had #kaibiganklub at ! (Also: anyone can start a kaibigan klub! Just gather your filipino friends at t "
"Every njght is date night here.  from the_art_of_calibird - Date Night with vegan Filipino food #pancit "
" For you to serve for the interest of the Filipino people."
" tayo sa taong ito Eh ni hindi man lang  nakatikim pumangit eh    ^_^ "
" :  Come visit Toronto!  is about to open a production of Next to Normal starring Ma-Anne Dionisi"
" : . is proud of Senior Chief Culinary Specialist Jerome Feliciano for being recognized the exclusive "
"We can't wait for the fundraiser at Romulo Cafe Makati with    helping Filipino c "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
" Fuck being a dilawan and a dds. Both are the results of fanaticism and not patriotism.  with a "
"They were talking about mortgage and the woman said that she is a Filipino and she doesn want to be assisted by a Filipino"
"TRUMP does the same, paint opponents as threat to ....AGAIN, like when WhiteMen ran everything. "
"Hi. Gusto kong matuto ng wikang Filipino.. Paki-gabay mo ako."
"  Filipino spring break"
"#Mothertongue #HikeforHospice #SundayMay5th #ASL #Scottish #Filipino #Russian #Spanish #whatsyourmothertongue "
"All of Kris Aquino horror movies &gt; Most Filipino horror movies"
" Pretty much every slavic country. Also German, and I am partly but I don't think I look super German. "
"   Why are you using the ridiculous euphemism of Asian? Is he Thai? Japanese? "
" : These Chinese are employed by Chinese firms and experienced at what they do. Equally efficient are Filipinos regularly"
"If you're Filipino and didn't own a couch like this, are you really Filipino? #tb "
"One thing I certainly miss being at uni is my mum homemade Filipino food. "
" Filipino-American postdoc  studying terrestrial paleoclimate, geochemistry and the water cycle "
" : Hello help pls do Filipino female adolescents perceive themselves when barefaced? are your visual standards in l"
"Okay nath ieedit mo pa thesis nyo sa filipino matulog ka na. May swimming pa kayo sa linggo kaya dapat tapos na yan "
"my mom is trini, my dad is filipino. i have latinx family and my god mother is nigerian :)"
" I did my research 2 years ago on using Filipino language as a medium in Mathematics Subject.. We tried "
" : White celebrity: I an 1/18 Filipino.  American entertainment blogs: "
"Short Clips of Jennie while the background music is a classic filipino song ? MAYBE SOON#BLACKPINK"
"Talking to my Filipino mutual friend about BTS concert tours~~ Looking back how miraculously I was able to watch LY "
" tignan muna natin kung papasa ako sa filipino "
"Watch Filipino quality films "
"A esta hora me provoca comerme un mango filipino , con sal y pimienta y un toque de lim...."
"So, I went to the bank today and I heard a conversation between a bank employees and a Filipino woman"
" : Met this Filipino who the lead developer for the food hall at granby in Norfolk . The vendors will have Indian food, Cu"
" Tr namin sa Filipino yeah"
"*nagreport sa filipino tas nakatitig si crush*Eng helembewe neng teleng remense ey eng ebeng ederne enebe!"
"huge thanks to bheanne nicole sigua bondoc sksksks thank u sa mga nireview niya sa akin kahapon kung di dahil sa ka "
"Actually  is pure fil wala siyang halo like duh anyone can be a filipino, she does not need your opinio "
" filipino is something else "
"Can Mayors Save the Philippines Coasts? part of  #VibrantOceans Initiative, Rare is workin "
" Y eso que es filipino y de raza oscura por piel, hasta se insulta a si mismo"
"Met this Filipino who the lead developer for the food hall at granby in Norfolk . The vendors will have Indian fo "
" : UK is a transit country for Filipino migrants, research shows -  #MRG2019  #mrg2019"
"Review: Hapag Filipino Cuisine  The small, casual spot offers inexpensive authentic Filipino fare in a comfortable "
"In my 14 years of learning Filipino language, I still can't make a nice paragraph with full Filipino and understabl "
"Running on filipino time is real"
"TANGINA 15 PAGES IMMERSION REPO SA SUNDAY NA IPAPASA WALA PAKONG NAUUMPISAHAN na may quiz sa physics bukas "
"Im actually so happy they came even if they used filipino time :)"
"I find Filipino memes corny."
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"DOLE provides aid to kin of Overseas Filipino Workers killed in NLEX road "
"You don't really know what it is to be Filipino until you've crawled on your knees from the entrance to the main al "
"I'm not thicck, . I am XL. Which is impressive for a . I'm muscular but not toned. I'm soft &amp; squishy &amp; I'm a to "
"Marco Luciano, formerly from Montreal, in the news as he works to build community centre for growing Philippine com "
"  Thank youu it's Filipino "
"Instead we will place the fresh candidate with smart idea to lead us to progress and productivity,unquestionable in "
"The Filipino people WILL NOT VOTE for TYRANNY AMBITIOUS INDIVIDUAL"
"Nakakainis. I thought this time a filipino horror movie would not disappoint me due to the positive feedback. Again "
" they be doing my filipino side dirty "
" : Lots of references to Filipino customs and literature too. And a Rosh Hashanah reference as well."
" : Yung hindi kapa din naka move-on sa lesson niyo sa filipino;#VLOGKADA: "
" : Look at this through Sephardic Filipino eyes and it'll be even funnier. "
" :  For god sake Philippine do not arrest this  woman, who she thinks she is above the law"
"AHAHAHAHHA IDK WHY BUT THIS IS JUST SO FUNNY IN FILIPINO "
"People in NYC are going wild for Filipino rice vinegar umami brussel sprout shakshuka! #nirvana"
"Filipino migrant workers in Alberta  desperate need of a community centre "
"     well if you take a character like lili from "
"Academic excellence in "
"Ah, facebook. But who cares madapakers, Duterte will remain in the heart of the ordinary Filipino people. ://t.co/E77Rq471yt"
" nako, deliks. baka mag malalim na filipino ka na rin, ha?"
"i need bts speaking in filipino/tagalog. what's better is them speaking in bisaya (philippines' 2nd language (?????)) lolololol"
" : yall keep asking for quality filipino films but wont support one when released "
"Innovative Filipino small plates and bold ice cream combos are up for grabs  in east London. We savoured e "
" :  talks about Filipino migrant nurses opportunities and challenges for return: is  permanent, feas"
"   here! And it's not that I don't try. I try to converse with people in Filipino but the "
" : : For Filipino migrant nurses the culture of migration is so strong that it is difficult to resist it, and"
" : nag aaya kuya ko manood ng end game: dl nalang naten, filipino movies suportahan naten!: edi manood ka hiwala"
" :     Geezus you're a dumbass. We are not. You know it, and we know it."
"I love your Filipino accent  kidding aside, that show sucks like shit. It a political platform and "
" im very happy that you met some filipino lamps! i think you should come back here in manilaa"
"Fam are you a half Filipino?   you guys keep asking and i keep answering no  i not omfg sjfkgk "
"  And yesterday, I gave chemo to a man who cheerfully told me he was 1/4 Filipino. I was "
"Beacon Hill Upcoming Filipino Restaurant Exceeds Its Kickstarter Campaign Goal "
"Read Aimee Beboso story of migration from the Philippines to Canada and how she is keeping up with family ties stil "
"Changing our perception of  Filipino food  #filipinofood "
"Hoxe chega a Tui Kidlat Tahimil, o realizador filipino a quen   dedica unha retrospectiva.  S "
"in an impartial and statesmanship-like manner, bereft of politics. And, I hope he will do so now for the betterment "
"But little did Filipino ARMYS know is that Kriesha Chu, a Filipino k-pop idol, is interviewing the actors "
"Un correo electr llamado 'I love you' paraliz los ordenadores de todo el mundo en el a 2000. "
" Yes!!! But the use of racial slurs comes from being misinformed or ignorance, which an average Fili "
"1. 'Nang' ((again)) is for paano and gaano. Madalas ding ginagamit to before adverb pero hindi palagi, ok. ((Pang-a "
"PSA to my fellow filipino stans! there will be a block screening of Endgame on the 24th  fishermall. If you pla "
" filipino: 73"
"Pues me como un filipino de frustraci"
"#PaanoKayaKung yung mga government officials natin nag kakaron ng unity para maayos yung bansa instead of corruptin "
" : #Eerie is one of the, if not the, best Filipino horror film in the past decade. Gorgeous  cinematography. Powerful scori"
"  bawal filipino time ah? HAHAHAHA chzz. "
" : hoi filipino MAYs pasok tayo sa top5!!!! naalala nya magtagalog. iyak naaaaaaaaa #"
"I have been on my knees more then a filipino hooker at work recently."
"Eerie is by far one of the best filipino horror movies I've seen. Not a typical Pinoy horror movie na puro sigaw, p "
"  miss filipino, miss apan, miss g3nt4r1 HAHAHA potah sis talino nito and pak na pak recitation,, ang s "
"WATCH: Filipino singer wins Battle Round in The Voice US "
"  Yeah.  call me 'maarte' since I can't express myself well in Filipino even though I am one."
"Adm. Philip Davidson, head of the US Indo-Pacific Command: CCG vessels  harass and intimidate fishing ves "
"Lady, don't call my hair fun. My hair represents my angst toward society's narrow definition of beauty. It's a st "
"#Eerie Sobrang amazing. Akala ko same old same old typical Filipino horror movie pero hindi. Scare: 10/10  "
" : (a thread) ayo guys today at the salon i spoke to one of the workers there, she Filipino &amp; a single mum of 1 18 y/o, s"
"Toxhit Filipino culture "
"I told her I was a new Filipino lmao"
"OIGAN NO MMN ME ACABO DE ENTERAR QUE TENGO UN TIO FILIPINO QUE ES ALCALDEEEEEEE Amosai me persigue la realeza ESTE "
"  This is the Filipino character that many politicians and people in some kind of authority expl "
" Conec gent que abans votava PP i ara militen a Podemos, no s si  un progressa adequadament o qu. "
"So my patients housecleaner asked me what I was. I said Cambodian and Filipino she was like ohhh and started speaking in Tagalog"
" She actually full Filipino with a bit of Chinese blood she a soloist"
"   dalagang filipino yeah "
"Filipino time ang hanep"
"A big  to  I out here bumping Filipino love songs."
": For Filipino migrant nurses the culture of migration is so strong that it is difficult to resist "
" omg have u seen Her .... ion think its on filipino netflix though :("
"  WAIT FILIPINO PO KAYO"
" Oy pre kamusta? HAHAHA sobrang mabait ito, sobrang kengkoy hahaha, seatmate ko ito nung grade 9, mahu "
"wajud ni lingig among filipino maskin unsaon bay"
"(a thread) ayo guys today at the salon i spoke to one of the workers there, she Filipino &amp; a single mum of 1 18 y "
"My dad outside tryna play some loud music outside to get the attention from the Filipino lady across the street. He 67."
" : True blue proud  [Filipino world for people from the beautiful outskirts of the city]  MA CITY"
"my filipino ass is thriving "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"Filipino pride lang pag may ginawang maganda"
" inis not inix hehe-filipino major here"
"Nah the problem with some people back home is that they have the deep sense to be apart of another culture especial "
" : - Alone/Together is like written by a 15 year old- Filipino Cinema revolves only by these genres. Comedy - Love story - Ho"
" :   You need to make more investigative news reports. Ask questions that a lot of people are afraid to a"
"ulol ba naman to? just bc nasa abroad siya it makes them less of a filipino? porket nasa pinas kayo mas filipino ka "
"Gaano kasakit sa isang bata ang dalawang beses mawalan ng ama? Ang haligi ng tahanan na siya sanang gagabay sa kani "
" Di ko man masabi na grabe jud sya ka nice pero above average tlaga sya compared sa other typical na Filipi "
"Dad: Palit tag shih tzu nig bday ni sam. : Uhm no. Almost every filipino household has a shih tzu."
"My filipino heart is triggered "
"UK is a transit country for Filipino migrants, research shows -  #MRG2019  #mrg2019"
"Filipino community celebrates its history in the Yakima Valley "
"Kasangga sa buhay at sayawan ni Ryan ang kapatid niyang si Radnyl. its 65 years of being in the servic "
" IDGI BRO R U SINGAPOREAN OR FILIPINO"
" : In Ophelia I did a bland approach where the one with MH issue is not painted as  but rather painted as someone a"
"Filipino-Chinese, arestado matapos mahulihan ng sachet ng hinihinalang shabu sa isang hotel sa Dela Rosa St., Para "
" You put or experience so poignantly, Marie! Isn't that the most awkward when another Filipino can't e "
" : My thesis, Ophelia is also about deconstructing the stigma on depression and mental health in terms of its portrayal in"
"Also crying in Filipino"
"#Basic. #work #selfie #goodmorning #pinoy #filipino #asian #igers #tagsforlike #instalike #instame #instaself "
"DILI SAD TANAN BISAYA GAHI ANG PAGKA-PRONOUNCE SA WORDS. ABI LANG NA NINYO. WE ACTUALLY CAN SPEAK FILIPINO AND ENGL "
" : RESTAURANT REVIEW: Former food truck  combines Southeast Asian tastes for a fun and approachable experie"
" sa filipino talks sabe mo add kita tapos ngayun dimona matandaan hayss"
"  she can't kasi kakilala daw, alam mo naman filipino culture you cant deny a friend/kakila "
" well I bet many ppl were disgusted with balut but as a Filipino, it's quite good for me ^^"
"*cheers in Filipino* "
"I'm wearing a tshirt with that design on Sunday... #OtsoDiretso  Filipino... "
"Some Filipino Politicians spent millions for media campaigning, how about spending this millions to help other peop "
"Awards of FumiYam    Worthy Man, Hold hold, and Oh My Gas award.  Proud of Ya Fumiya, Filipino a "
" : why every Filipino got a grandma named Lola"
"Colorful Filipino Currency - Best keep a stash of lower denomination notes://t.co/fXo3re57YD#Philippines #Banknotes #Currency"
" talks about Filipino migrant nurses opportunities and challenges for return: is  permanen "
"The funny thing is, I think the family members can barely understand the Filipino language yet BB is speaking to th "
"LEFT Webinar With Dr. Nina Evangelista we have Dr. Nina Evangelista, an Extraordinary Filipino Therapist from "
"You don't tempt a Filipino to go for a karaoke and not follow through. #stereotype"
" Filipino??"
"Filipino Anime Series Barangay 143 To Air On GMA 7 "
" : If we are proud as a Filipino for this LADY much more her family and of course her betterhalf Richard nega here, my wa"
" :  Filipino research Exhibit precal math English research pa"
"MANILA, Philippines  restaurateur Nicole Proseco was nominated for the Beard... "
"She the Filipino Kweeeeen "
"Lou, dont say yes yet. Manligaw muna si andre in filipino way, because minsan lang ang buhay. Hahahaha #PBBGradu8tion"
"Not your typical Filipino horror movie I must say. It gave me the chills that no other Filipino horror movie has gi "
" Wait you're Filipino?"
"Who has a rockstar personality, great smile and an unbelievable knack for finding the PERFECT ride for her customer "
"The almost unlikely parallelism between two movements.://t.co/nC8AvtjFrk"
"happy birthday   wish you all the success in the world!! we filipino fans will always support you!! figh "
"Tila bumalik sa kanyang kaharian ang orihinal na sang'gre nagmamay-ari ng brilyante ng tubig. ^_^ "
" : Let's help our Filipino Carpenters to save Singular Tour in Manila #SaveSingularTourManila"
" : filipino carpenters deserve better than this. they should experience the singular tour like everyone else! #SaveSingula"
" : i'm so sorry for flooding y'all with #SaveSingularTourManila but please know that i really love  as much as i"
"As Filipino Roman Catholics, can't we attack the Philippine Catholic priests for being hypocrites? Most, not all, o "
" : i would hate to see all of my filipino mutuals not being able to go see the singular tour!! please spread the word and"
"RESTAURANT REVIEW: Former food truck  combines Southeast Asian tastes for a fun and approachable expe "
"me: im hungry let me eat this last slice of pizza (caulipower pizza) : what? what did i tell you about leaving fo "
"#WeLOUveyouLOU                          Why Lou? A thread: As for me, she is most pinoy kasi she shows GANDANG FI "
"Highest Honor, Top 1 overall ranking  in Science in Mathematics in Filipino in Environmental Sc "
" : medyo naguguluhan ako ah , bakit kailangan ng mga tao mangbaliktad ng kwento? para sila magaling , maganda sa paningin ng tao?"
"medyo naguguluhan ako ah , bakit kailangan ng mga tao mangbaliktad ng kwento? para sila magaling , maganda sa panin "
"Mar 29 Specials-Beef Stroganoff;-Thai Chicken with Rice, Chicken Noodle;-Pancit w/Chicken Empanada"
"  Lol yes!! You know you Filipino when you learned what sun smelled like growing up "
"Nakakaintindi ka pala ng filipino Andy eh hahaha "
"EERIE is not your typical Filipino horror film. It's sooo damn good, di ko kinaya yung plot twists and turns, sobra "
" : Sirrr mo sugot raka ug Filipino themed and TOC this year? Hehehehe  Nya ang pagkaon kay bilo, masi, puto, sikwati "
"Wow! So inspiring.://t.co/2ry1YDDvWo#inspired #inspirational #inspireothers #filipino #pilot #pilotlife "
" : Filipino language is so beautiful it's like putangina mong gago kang hayop ka in a very nice civilization "
" Awards received by BIG4 -worthy man, OhMyGass award, hold hold award, -Proud of Ya Fu "
"True blue proud  [Filipino world for people from the beautiful outskirts of the city]  MA CIT "
"#fbf #flashbackfriday to Episode 10.5 - TV Party for a little sample sample of typical #tfalpodcast banter. Find th "
"Awards received by BIG4 -worthy man, OhMyGass award, hold hold award, -Proud of Ya Fumiya, spiri "
"when the fruit/vegetable vendor is more fluent in filipino than you ALSJSJ"
"Rough day today and it only 10:25 #Stress"
" director  having fun at the #glaadawards  #Repost  a #pinoy take over w/ "
"Filipino language is so beautiful it's like putangina mong gago kang hayop ka in a very nice civilization "
"Best FB Profile Pic caption I saw today:   filipino yeah &lt;3"
" Aking Kababayan MABUHAY! #KapamilyaRelate Happiness and love matters the most. #FlashBackFriday and on, fro "
"Sinearch ko pa what means ng patpatin HAHA pero trut   Ohmy filipino kaba? HAHAHAHAH "
" Alamat Filipino Pub &amp; Deli"
"Okay done watching Mikhail Red EERIE. Giving it a 7/10. Definitely a level above most Filipino horror films, but "
"  He is asking if you would go above DDS vs DILAW and just be a Filipino in these times. If "
" : You really have the heart of a Filipino to Fumiya #PBBGradu8tion"
" :  Hello, I'm Kiiro! I'm a Filipino  who loves to draw and does animations and animatics. I do both digital an"
"Who's your fave filipino youtuber?  cong tv pa den "
" Oh hi fellow Filipino. :)"
"Bakit kaya magkakaiba ang mga tunog ng mga hayop pag nasa ibang bansa?        Filipino frog = kokak English Fro "
"the twice UP au is gonna be in english for non-filo onces, but i really wanna have them speak/gush in filipino sometimes..."
"One of the best Filipino Film "
"Why my Filipino people got a nickname for every mothafcka in this pharmacy ?      "
"  It super keri (ok in gay Filipino lingo). Instead of booklooohh (or bakla, gay in Filipino)"
"Cravings satisfied! Woooh! Filipino food ftw!   Los Ba, Laguna, Philippines "
"Pero amazing sya as a Filipino film! Kudos "
"Hindi ako matalino pero nagkaroon ako ng ganito, diskarte lang kung gusto mo maabot yung hinahangad mo. I'm so prou "
" : Ano Phixos and Filipino Nctzens Are you ready????  Either Nct or Exo on august. Get ready people!  #Phixo #Nctz"
" : When Taylor Swift said I don't know about you but i'm feeling 22 Filipino voters felt it.  #22Colmenares"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
" : Hello Filipino Kpop and Kdrama fans! I ask you to answer my thesis survey and help me graduate? Here is the link of the su"
"OKey seyp grade ko sa filipino pota"
" : Feeling ko kaya ako nauubusan followers kasi live tweet ko filipino. Di ko keri mag keep up ng english mga mami. Hirapppp"
"TeeGeeEyeEff Thank GAWDUH I'M FILIPINO! Whoa oooo ooooo I'm on fire!"
"First Filipino anime series Barangay 143 launches OST. "
"Ever since i followed you, mas lumawak yung english vocabulary ko kasi most of your tweets, hindi mawawala yung u "
"Mah best friend since grade 2 haha haha puta sya talaga ang nakakaalam ng mga Kalokohan ko nun elementary haha haha "
"  Mag filipino den sila HAHA"
"I think it disturbing somehow that Captain Marvel and Wonderwoman costumes look like the Philippine flag (tha "
"craving isaw and kwek kwek  cant remember the last time i ate filipino street food"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"You know what you want now, and you have what it takes to succ... More for Aries "
""
"What I see in #SahayaPangako is about understanding the other side of being a Filipino in culture and ethnicity. It "
" : Memory lane ..... music video premiering soon!   Edited by me#musicvideo #memories #past #op"
" : ONG SEONGWU SAID  FILIPINO FANMEET IN MANILA RIGHT NOW "
"Crying in filipino  "
" ( A Filipino Actor ) Together with Wengy ( A YouTuber with 13 millions subscribers ) has been workin "
"TRANSFORMING FILIPINO CULTURE INTO STREETWEAR  "
"  I hope they use Filipino culture next. Literally no one would be offended bc everyone would "
" Fynest isn't my taste. But I think missing the common Filipino culture abroad and using them for entertai "
" : You were born Japanese. But your heart is a Filipino. Nice ka Fumiya  #PBBGradu8tion"
"thank you so much to my filipino ward sisters who keep feeding me and giving me food"
"You were born Japanese. But your heart is a Filipino. Nice ka Fumiya  #PBBGradu8tion"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"FILIPINO IDOLiSH7 FANS'm selling my IDOLiSH7 DVDs. For prices &amp; freebies, please head to my tumblr: "
" : 70 new schools in Alberta in the next four years. 1,000 new teachers and support staff this fall. New language courses in"
"gago literal na apat na oras ako sa filipino wtf"
"lmao darna is just filipino shazam rule 63"
"                                                      "
"things I can say in a filipino dinner.  filipinos are the worst.  "
"Anti-Marcos is the best genre of Filipino cinema. "
"1) my colleague thought i a mix. a filipino mix :))))"
"When you're Filipino, but your dad is a Trump supporter. #trump #trumpsupporters #trump2020 "
"Sobrang solid mo sa Maria  ! Ganda ng fight scenes pang international!  isabay sa Hollywoo "
"inaantok na omayghad let me finish filipino muna :((("
" : AFP you can still redeem yourself from slavery to Duterte and humiliation to China's PLA. Serve and defend the Filipino p"
"Bahala na bukas math at filipino lang yan madali lang yan HAHAHAHA ibagsak."
"ANG REPO NI BONN LABAD SA FILIPINO ATUNG GRADE 9... DABEST PADIN."
"When your toxic Filipino said: I think Mobile Legends is better than League of Legends. when I said: Ayoko i "
"  Ressa should win her court cases first. Rappler/Ressa violated the 100% Filipino ownershi "
"Feeling ko kaya ako nauubusan followers kasi live tweet ko filipino. Di ko keri mag keep up ng english mga mami. Hirapppppp"
"The US has a popular export: journalist bashing. A week after President Trump called the New York Times and CNN 'f "
"Yung hindi kapa din naka move-on sa lesson niyo sa filipino;#VLOGKADA: "
" : Eerie in its truest sense is a horror movie that goes beyond what one deems to be scary. The sheer beauty of it comes into pla"
"5/5 sa ot, 19/20 sa pt sa cl, happy ung panelist sa defense, maayos ung pt for filipino, nag-enjoy ng bongga sa soa "
"Kabanata 7 pa lang ako sa filipino "
"Toxic filipino mindset:: Pag nanahimik ka, guilty ka.: Pero pag pinaglaban mo sarili mo, defensive ka."
" I ate Filipino food for breakfast this morning. We grown af. "
"every filipino armys when bts posts something  "
" : Yamyam Family is a symbol of a Typical Filipino Family despite the struggle they choose to fight and Be Happy no mat"
"EERIE of the best Filipino horror movies"
"Ask a Filipino what food on a stick means? Banana-cue, Kamote-cue, BBQ. In Edmonton, it's Filistix! "
"Does that mean transferees shouldn't try their best because they don't really have a chance to get recognized for t "
"Oh wait nahadlok nako sa akong grado kay wala baya ko nagbuhat ug family tree sa filipino unya basin importante to siya"
" Correct. But when you criticize, make sure you don have skeletons of your own hidden in the closet, i "
"I just remembered I knew a guy who believed that Bruce Lee was a Filipino."
"  true sis, he's always jumping to filipino memes even tho he's not funny"
"uy shet nagcover lang isang foreigner ng filipino song/dance grabe guys fIlIpInO bY hEaRt tangina niyo mga bobo"
"You really have the heart of a Filipino.-Kuya, 2019#PBBGradu8tion FUMIYA "
"FilAm Coffee has 4 blends of single-source, organic imported Filipino coffee (ground or whole beans) available to b "
"Dalagang filipina wala bang binatang filipino?"
"uTaEnA kulanG naLang mAg taKe ak0 ng eXam paRa maGing BSED Major in Filipino dAhiL sA naKuhA koNg fInaL grAden, jUsq!"
" : Hey  Definitely these not covered by press freedom 1) violating 100% Filipino mass media ownership 2) using dumm"
" filipino 101"
"Totoo Kuya. Pinaiyak mo ako sa sinabi mo kay Fumi. Thank you so much   mas may Filipino heart "
"Pretended I was a filipino and didn know how to speak bahasa just to avoid this insurance agent "
" : I'm not saying that the old design of Darna is bad, it's just that with all these fresher reinterpretations, there's a potenti"
" Oh sorry, I used Filipino language... What i was saying is nobody should move on from her last night's performance "
"my dad who talks w a filipino accent: peaceful life or life of piss"
"As a kid, I thought that if I talked in English fluently, without saying a single Filipino word, my hair would go blonde"
" : Thanks mom, for finally telling me all the various nationalities that make me: Filipino, Chinese, Spanish, Italian, Ind"
"still can believe you filipino tho, your twitter stan language is way out of this country  HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA "
" Tru!!! Awkward kaayo mag filipino huhu"
"Eerie is the best Filipino horror movie so far "
" :  MNL48 is a Filipino idol girl group and the fifth international sister group of AKB48, after Indonesia's JKT4"
"Because it might be interesting. katuturan! dRAMA daw! it's so true. I'd write it on my loud Filipino t-shirt."
"Should you be interested, you can dm me for queries. Always at your disposal when it comes to lending a hand to a f "
" Blessed Friday!   amazing song entitled, Landslide, means to my life.  I, "
" : HYUCK please watch filipino romcoms u wont be disappointed!!!!"
"Fumiya really deserve to be the big winner even though his not a pure pinoy.Yes it is PBB the title speaks for itse "
"Francess, specialized niya ang medium na ginagamit, sobrsng bihasa mapa-Filipino o English. more on metaphorical me "
"HYUCK please watch filipino romcoms u wont be disappointed!!!!"
"Pota. Legit  yung EERIE!!! time ko matakot sa filipino movie  Congrats sa mga cast!!! #EERIE #MSPAT"
""
"  fino filipino!!"
"Binatang Filipino YEAAHHHHH  "
"  HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHA FILIPINO LONG TESTTTTTT AHHAAH "
"Sa filipino?Pag pinagsama ang panghalip na ikaw at ako pwede bang maging tayo?  Hii pakilala ka sakin malay natin "
"You really have the heart of a Filipino to Fumiya #PBBGradu8tion"
" SHUT THE FUCK UP YOU FILIPINO"
" 100 to sa filipino"
" Facebook has such negative image in the US (the main market) that people are leaving the platform. Listen "
" :         "
" walang champagne dito lechon lang haha like a typical filipino feast"
"Tagal kong inisip sinong kamuka ng prof namin sa filipino tas tinawanan lang nila :--( HAHAHAHAHAHAHA"
"Sana di ako mahirapan sa filipino dahil wala ung isang part ng el fili ko."
"Call for applications:PHILFRANCE 2019.  As quoted from the link below:The PhilFrance Scholarship is a French gove "
"21. filipino, chinese"
"filipino carats, sino sa seventeen ang respeto naman oh classmate sa hs??????"
" Kahit sino pa mag endorse gising na ang mga Filipino kung sino ang nasa puso nila iboto,#TeamDDS2019"
" friends! NEW video po naten sa YouTube LIVE na ulet! Check nyo po ://t.co/cgMxWr4TjR..... "
" The exact same thing has happened a number of times to me. A Filipino once asked me if I was Hawaiian.. "
"Madame Tussauds Hong Kong Unveils Pia Wurtzbach As The First Rver Filipino Wax Figure  ready to watch history i "
" send iw sa filipino asap!!"
"Aaaand as always *filipino time*yeet"
"ewan ko ha nashoshookt nalang ako tuwing nagrrt ng tweet ko na filipino si hanie kim HAHAHAHAAHAHA"
"toxic filipino culture:  nyo  lang ng jowa mo, tapos iniisip kaagad ng iba may bago kana"
"Celebrating its 65 years of being in the service of the Filipino, ABS-CBN gives tribute to inspiring stories of our "
" Filipino tilt-a-whirl operators are this nations backbone"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
" : If u want to understand the PH, watch Filipino films. u watch mainstream movies like that of Vice Ganda / watch i"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"   Proud of my filipino immigrant michelle."
"we aren filopino. we are filipino "
" : Wow gumagaling filipino horror movie ngayon ah! hahahah #Eerie #worthit"
" YAY! LUCKY FILIPINO LAMPS! "
"Young Filipino talents ang laging bida sa  every Sunday! Kaya saan ka pa? join na sa pinaka-cool na li "
" : Kara Taggaoa, League of Filipino Students: Parehas na ginagamit ni Duterte ang online at on-ground na mga aksyon para atakihin"
"Sana Filipino films also give more attention to the talent rather than the beauty of an actor. "
" Dalagang Filipina, lakad Filipino "
" sISTER WHERE R U FROM RU MY FELLOW FILIPINO"
"It is possible to double the country's population by 2 million annually, and it threatens to worsen poverty among "
"Filipino youtuber recommendations?   and  "
"*Thinking about a toxic filipino nowadays.- pag dimo pinagmamalaki nakukuha mo sa buhay  mo. : Pa humble.-pag "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"Umayos KAYO abs cbn! Puro kayo Filipino time! #PBBGradu8tion"
"   what what what do you mean you don't have a Filipino english accent XD haha can't wait to see it. XD"
"Filipino Woman Emerges as Winner in Women of the Future Awards South East Asia 2019 - "
" Think MORE about their Filipino karaoke replacement singer Arnel Pineda "
"#FridayReads: Ina Inspired by Tom Cunanan ://t.co/kmNBARmp5A"
" : Move over, the women are here to save the day. the newest female-centric Filipino action film, MARIA, starring the o"
"I met filipino here in Surabaya - Indonesia. He was having a convo with some locals here but not me. Oh I can't res "
"I didn't know people were fooled by Filipino stan twt starting their tweets in English and ending it in Tagalog jtorjror"
" : With highest honor of the year in Mathematics in Science in Filipino in English st"
"for context: those are Dan Matutina's stories, he was one of the first Filipino designers I really looked up to sin "
" We, Catholics, have God over everything. Superstition is not a work of God. ;) Altho it has been a "
"ON THE BIH OF GABRIEL 'FLASH' ELORDE,  OF THE GREATEST FILIPINO BOXERS 25 HISTORY "
"Filipino Culture Day in GWA! #triadproud #triadknights "
" : Seeing younger siblings/cousins growing up actually makes me so sad lol like no ur still baby"
"binebenta ko notebook ko sa science, research, geometry, at filipino... 150 per notebook dudeparechong full of know "
" : A tale of two mothers: younger one is a mother of two at 23 yo, she was on verge of tears when talking about her children. Th"
"We watched #EERIE with the hopes of finally watching a  Class Filipino Horror as they say. But it was still, "
"Underrated Vlogger alert  try to watch his vids cuzzzzz super worth it and majority of his vids are all about us "
"I love how netflix has my fav filipino movies "
"I still remember the failed trip katong g8 mi para unta sa filipino "
" : Nangangamoy bagsak ang charity sa filipino ah hmm"
"intense filipino time friendssss"
"Lahi ra jd ning mag Filipino kung mag chat sa?"
"Yamyam Family is a symbol of a Typical Filipino Family despite the struggle they choose to fight and Be Happy no "
"im bored right now.. to those foreign army who doesnt know our language (tagalog/filipino) what word/s do you want to know?"
"HAHAHAH filipino language is harder that english you know  "
" Wala po. Pure Filipino po Mom and Dad niya."
" : Just like in real play, Rial Polog  the first Filipino to become draft eligible for the NBA 2K League  says defense wi"
" : A Filipino PR practitioner is in the center of the discussion on Facebook's latest purge of accounts and pages engaged in"
"filipino mom: [eyes turn black] VAPOR RUB "
"mamimiss ko pang uurat ni nee at ong saken sa likod lalo na pag time ng filipino HAHA"
"  You need to make more investigative news reports. Ask questions that a lot of people are afrai "
" : A Filipino bartender in Hong Kong was sentenced to six months in prison after admitting to peeping inside a female toil"
"    She is half Filipino and her name is kriesha chu and she is a member of a girl group ^^"
" : Filipino American cuisine is the focus of Kulinary Confidential, a two-week food crawl and series of pop-up dinners fea"
"JMIR Formative Res: Cultural Adaptation of a Scalable World Health Organization E-Mental Health Program for Oversea "
"All races: Brush your teeth gently, upward and down in a circular motion. Then rinse off toothpaste. : I "
"eerie is a must-watch filipino horror film !! "
"what is labanos?  labanos is radish in filipino !!  "
" u cant revoke my  card because there is no such thing  all of u has been missing my stand p "
" please don't tell me you're a filipino too. my grammar's a mess"
"Ito na ba ang resulta ng panonood ko ng teleserye noon sa youtube na sinasanay akong magsalita ng pormal na wikang Filipino?! HAHAHA"
"menos filipino s entendo meio per"
"Masakit talaga pag di natulong ka grupo mo sa thesis sa filipino HAHAHAHAHA WAG KAYO MAINGAY "
"minimum wage challenge, where they will have to budget Php480 for the breakfast, lunch, and dinner for the day of 5 "
"CHALLENGE IDEA!!! recently we did the 150-Peso challenge where we have to budget 150 pesos for the food of 4 "
"Filipino History Month they did, among other flavors, a salted duck-egg ice cream. It should have been terrible. It "
"My last two braincells nung Filipino exam: "
"Filipino si author!!!! AAAAAAAAAAAAH!!!"
"toxic filipino culture is posting and shoving to our face your graduation pictures  ba kayo marunong maging "
" is dis a filipino folk song? HAHAHAHAHAHAHA"
" : Join us for our workshop at Ecumenical Advocacy Days: THE WATERS RUN RED IN THE PHILIPPINES: WORSENING HUMAN RIGHTS AND THE FI"
" : Stay true to your authentic self. Great interview with Filipino American blogger, podcaster,graphic designer, and frie"
" kadalasan kapag nagsusulat ka in filipino, alam kong malalim 'yung nararamdaman mong sakit."
"Jej Vinson hopes to become the first Asian champion on The Voice "
"*REVIEW PAPER *SHOWCASE IN MATH GROUPINGS &amp; INDIVIDUAL definition, example and 10 reflection each topic *RNW JOUR "
""
" I love bts so much,bts is my happiness,bts is my life,We love you bts,Filipino Fan is here"
"May Conspiracy Theorist palang member ang Filipino Freethinkers Facebook Group. "
"  Magiging abugado klang ng mga yellow hindi para sa buong Filipino.."
"A shit ton of Filipino movies and soap operas are dumb as hell, no wonder why some Filipinos act up in the weirdest ways ever"
"Namimiss ko yung english speeaking langg tuwing english laging tiis sa inet dahil ang layo habang fili "
"This is not BTS related but I want to speak out about this issue. A few months back, I was disappointed that TIME M "
"HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA ISA SA MGA BAGAY NA NAGPAPASAYA SA BUHAY KO NGAYON (c) Filipino Trend Post "
"Okay so ayon nadelete yung talumpati ko sa Filipino. lang ako. just make a new one with better content. "
"   O Filipino vive do qu?"
"grabe pinsan ko, valedictorian tapos sa filipino lng ang hindi siya best. bat di ako nagkaroon ng ganong utak HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA"
" Fun fact: I been half Filipino for about 24 years "
" w-wait are you a filipino?"
"Y'ALL MUST WATCH EERIE. AMAZING CINEMATOGRAPHY AND PLOTLINE. LAHI RA JD SIYA SA OTHER FILIPINO HORROR FILMS SO FAR."
"WTF?? Pascual (A Filipino Actor) together with WENGIE (A YouTuber with 13M+ subscribers) has been working wi "
" filos: ew our country sucks sjjsjsjnajakks*a filipino wins at an international contest/the philipp "
"as ive said mas pa kami sa filipino time HAHAHAHAHA "
"you have to rmb when you watch 'mainstream' filipino movies na 1) they are catering to a certain audience 2) not al "
"Proud to be Filipino"
"#ProctorandGamble tugged hard at heart strings with their new Filipino Vicks VapoRub commercial. Check out what the "
" : University of Sto. Tomas has 2 NDMOs in the university - Anakbayan and League of Filipino Students.  TO KNOW YOUR ND"
"Filipino parents shit on their kid's dreams. Sadtt"
" : Senator Bam Aquino commends the Registered Financial Planners (RFP) for producing leading events that instills financial literac"
"The book I'm about to read is 's Patron Saints of Nothing, which deals with identity, the Filipino diasp "
"fun fact im filipino"
"Nangangamoy bagsak ang charity sa filipino ah hmm"
"reading a print newspaper article about filipino food in which several of the dishes are spelled wrong: buko pando "
"If any of my guy friends can help 2 lezzies move furniture tomorrow, I will smoke you out and make you Filipino food (chicken adobo)"
"oi filipino moots ko - my bff needs friends daw "
"#EERIE my favorite Filipino horror movie."
" : Fil 40 class: ano sa Filipino ang mother tongue?: wikang ina mo na talaga HAHA :(((("
"not to be dramatic but i will die for filipino breakfast and streetfood"
"Favorite subj?  filipino, english, cl (kahit na may pagkademonyo) HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHA "
" I'M ENGLISH IN MY WORDS BECAUSE OF FILIPINO I CAN'T SPEAK"
"Eight talented local artists led by renowned painter Fernando Sena came together to celebrate creativity and the in "
"Q.C. Dining Destination 13 UBAY Celebrates Filipino Creativity with Painting "
"Q.C. Dining Destination 13 UBAY Celebrates Filipino Creativity with Painting "
"saan peding makanood ng filipino movies?  hindi ko rin alam gusto ko na nga panooren The Hows of Us e "
"3 essays sa art app pagsasalin sa filipino sa econ (monday) kembot paaaaaaaa"
" : Toxic filipino culture? wala ka ng karapatang magpaganda at magayos ng sarili kapag 'bobo ka.'"
" : man, i don't usually listen to filipino rap songs but ALLMOST's songs are lit af"
"    Geezus you're a dumbass. We are not. You know it, and we know "
"man, i don't usually listen to filipino rap songs but ALLMOST's songs are lit af"
" ATE FAN NIYO AKO PWEDE MANLIGAW?? hihi #dalagang_filipino yeh HAHAHAH"
"filipino nalanggg"
" filipino stays nga kayo dyan moots tayo"
" Very very proud. Because underneath this names beats a Filipino heart."
"imbis na tapos nako sa filipino naGAAYOS PAKO WIFI wala kayong kwenta /g/lo/be"
"miko tiotangco is the filipino version of sam kolder"
"sino si yung ms. Ching?  isa sa mga pinakamahusay na guro na kilala ko! sa kanya naunawan ko ang kursong Fi "
" *tries to roll tongue with r's*'m here and I can't fecking do it.... made my mom do it and sh "
"Filipino Market/Pasar Malam Makanan Laut, is my new fav seafood HAVEN in KK, Sabah  "
" : Shoes made from discarded pineapple leaves locally and sustainably sourced from Filipino farmers? GIMME  "
"I always find it hard to believe that the American tv show about high school students doesn't even have at least on "
"Newsfeed; Vs Tagalog are y'all fighting? We are all Filipino's:&lt;"
"Nakita ko yung korido na project namin kay Ma'am Nayre nung g7.  ng panahon amp parang kahapon lang naghahapi "
"Award-winning broadcaster  asked the multi-awarded actress and Filipina media executive Charo Santos "
"Inigo Pascual (A Filipino Actor) together with WENGIE (A YouTuber with 13M+ subscribers) has been working with a BT "
"Dalagang Pilipina pero murag binatang Pilipino half mn gud ko.. half Filipino, half Filipina."
"Makapawag gana ning filipino dah"
"  FEEL KO MAY FILIPINO BLOOD OR DI KAYA MAHILIG SA FILO FOOD YUNG STYLIST NI CHAN. PAGKAING "
" AGJAKD SORRY I WAS SUPPOSED TO REPLY hala besh bakit???? TALAGA KASO NAPAISIP AKO IF FILIPINO KA BA "
"Get you a girl that learn how to cook Filipino food for you  "
" The majority of the population speaks (but not fluently) it now because it was institutionalized in m "
"Omooh Ottoke! Pascual (A Filipino Actor) together with WENGIE (A YouTuber with 13M+ subscribers) has been wo "
"ATTENTION EVERYONE!  out to FAYA Annual Filipino Festival on April 5, 2019 from 5-8 PM! Enjoy a night full "
"Award-winning broadcaster Noel Ferrer asked the multi-awarded actress and Filipina media executive Charo Santos Con "
"Filipino nalang problema ko then malaya na akong makakareview for midterms"
"New Series! Filipino Kids "
"toxic filipino culture tsk! "
"Binatang Filipino yeah  "
"Sana always ng ganito. Wag na Filipino time. #MNL483rdSingle "
" : Eleven Filipino contemporary artists will be part of an exhibit in London from April 11 to June 22. |  http"
"I'm craving for a Filipino a breakfast"
" : Paano naging blackface yon when Maymay is portraying someone from our own ethnicity. She portraying an AETA. A FILIPINO. Paa"
" Sansrival!! a Filipino cake!, meringue, crushed cashews. lordy, it is amazing."
""
" fight - Defense sa Filipino - Defense sa PR to my section &lt;3"
"Support our talented CUE Ariana at the  Filipino Culture Night tomorrow!! "
"With highest honor of the year in Mathematics in Science in Filipino in English "
"One of the Philippines most prominent journalists has been arrested for the seventh time in what she says is a cam "
"AHAAHAHAHA magbuhat daw research sa filipino pero ga iced coffee rami HAHAHAHAHA"
"*naka 95 sa Filipino*:aking Ina maaari Ba ako mamasyal.  inyong mamarapatin akoy uuwi rin mag takipsilim"
" : Emphasizing ingredients like banana leaf, purple yams is often imposing a particular view of Filipino cuisine whose primar"
"Eleven Filipino contemporary artists will be part of an exhibit in London from April 11 to June 22. |  "
"eerie is the scariest filipino horror movie i've ever watched "
" : I been watching Filipino movies all day I convinced Daniel Padilla is my boyfriend"
" I explain how not all Filipino people talk and think like the president does, and that certainly not all "
" : Congrats to Filipino-American singer Jej Vinson who going through to the next round on The Voice! #pinoypride  http"
" im filipino aye yuh. filipino gang where u at"
" Sabihin nating Filipino itong sinulat ko sa tweet na ito. Ano'ng nakikita mong pinagkaiba nito sa Tag "
"1. The Miseducation of the Filipino. Discourses on Philippine Education as Post-Colonial: Philosophical Reading "
" :  gusto ko lang sabihin na ano bang pake mo if this is how people who experience diaspora deal with their lost ident"
" : Thank you,  for putting a Filipino-American family on primetime network TV for the first time. We alwa"
" : April every year now is Filipino Culinary Food Month lobbying led by the Philippine Culinary Heritage Movement (Presid"
"Wow gumagaling filipino horror movie ngayon ah! hahahah #Eerie #worthit"
"April 1 - April Fool's Filipino Starter Pack "
"And i hate it when people say, you only say that because you're white. And i hate being whiter than the normal Fi "
" waaaahh please send me indonesian food. I haven't tried any indonesian food yet in my whole life xD "
" : Pia Wurtzbach poses with her Madame Tussauds wax figure at the unveiling event on Thursday at EDSA Shangri-La. It immortalized"
"we need to endlessly continue to rally against this injustice being done even if we're not being taken seriously by "
" yES I AM A FILIPINO, but i don also know that word! omg shame"
"MANILA, Philippines  A Filipino-Chinese restaurant consultant was arrested for possession of illegal drugs in a ca "
" : toxic filipino culture?  yung ang lakas mag yabang at mag angas sa social media pero puta pag hinarap tinatakbuhan lang"
"lt sa markianb video abt having filipino friend Hello!!!:the party was... yesterday:who "
"filipino culture wag kang magjojoke sa harap ng family mo kase you'll get a life lesson instead. yung tawang tawa k "
"to non-filo ahgases, willing to teach filipino for free AHAHAHA"
" filipino queens boy who shops at pacsun is top 2 most disrespectful insult."
" Filipino Twitter discovered me "
" Thank you so much, Kess!!! am going to pick up the cake this afternoon. Filipino Sansrival cake!!!!"
" ohh nice I need to learn that one too sksksk I thought you were me Filipino lol"
" Thank you so much, Janella!!  Filipino SANSRIVAL cake!! My most fave cake ever.  I "
"Max's Restaurant let's you Enjoy Real Food For Every Mood with their latest offerings: Max's Rice Bowls! "
" Thank you, Sona! is the first year I ever bought a cake for myself. I going to start making it a tr "
" Ah libro lang po sa filipino ang meron ako okay na ba sayo yun??"
"80's - 90's filipino movies with the usage of foul words and realistic plots are greater than the modern movies "
"filipino ragyud ko okay pas alright bai sana filipino nalang lahat ng su"
"classmate: [wants me to send a book using taglish for our filipino research]: *sends a manuel quezon x sergio osmena ao3 fic*"
"Filipino movies with the genre of mystery and action doesnt give the satisfaction of thrill to viewers. #l "
"Not your typical Filipino Horror Story. Must-see! Meet &amp; see, Eerie. 8/10!!! #Eerie "
" KWF was the one (prior to reform in stance) saying that Tagalog uses the pure words &amp; if there are "
"Toxic filipino Thoughts na lang issue"
"process then was an initiative of the then Senate President, the late Senator Neptali A. Gonzales, Sr., who said th "
" : dalagang filipino yeah"
" : Naiinis ako sa mga comment ng mga lalakeng filipino about sa pananamit ng babae kaya sila  ganyan ba talaga kay"
"Filipino mutuals.......DM niyo naman ako. Usap tayo sige na..."
" : Well, for you Filipino is not a core subject, but for me,  it is.  di mo pinapansin na subject minamahal ko. Kaya pala"
"Years from now, I hope parents will be knowledgeable enough that no Filipino child will have to sacrifice their own "
" Chinese (this one I can't even. Then again, americans.. ) "
" Siguro andami nilang filipino fans hahahaha "
" : Dr. Marc Eric Reyes of the Department of Psychology presented his and colleagues' paper on Filipino cisgenders' attitu"
"Me w/ Mike Chan  ( Mike ChanAnd The Anthem Band    / Singer ) "
"    The ribs are great but I feel like they a two and Siu Mai are th "
" every filipino ever taking this then realizing they genetically destined to be short "
" :  Pag yan sumigaw ng boycot tag nyo ang     dahil pwedeng ituring na cor"
" : Who going #BayArea fam?   So privileged to have this #Filipino community centered justice wor"
"Toxic Filipino mindset:- Pag nanahimik ka, guilty ka.- Pero pag pinaglaban mo sarili mo, defensive ka."
"Why Filipino nurses leave the Philippines to work abroad?  because it's a far better to be earning your potential "
" : More than 150+ #Filipino's attended InstaReM exclusive screening of  in Singapore, supported by the #Philippine"
"napasabak nanaman ako sa english kanina with my half filipino half american new friend "
" Let me give you the math of 21 Kanjars  Malwari (ayyoooo) Bangali (urrri baba) Filipino  (ann "
"Nangingisda ang mga Intsik, habang tinataboy ang mga mangingisdang Filipino! Sarap ipakain sa pating ni Digong!  "
"Browsed around the net for a Filipino lexicon, and stumbled upon an open-sourced website where users supplied the d "
"ano masasabi mo sa mga nangyayari sa bansa?  we the sovereign filipino people imploring the aid of almighty God in "
" scrolled for 5 minutes through her IG to find her Asian (likely Filipino or Vietnamese) mother tho. That v "
" : uy ma ruby just crossed my mind, tbvh she my favourite Filipino teacher. grabe the love and support that she gives to her"
"Isang Binatang Filipino"
" is it possible for filipino army to buy this ? "
" : Pardon me for injecting politics here but I hope we do not forget our history as Filipino people. And I hope the Filip"
" : Senator urges govt to roll out more programs aimed at supporting Filipino organic farmers "
" By the way..you're a Filipino too right??"
"Proud Filipino "
"sarap matulog ngayon, na walang iniisip na gagawin na proj.*Filipino midterm project waving at u."
"hindi po ako half british or something okeh? pure filipino po ako diko din alam bat ganyan itsura ko sa snap "
"buti nalang tapos na kami sa report sa filipino"
"protesting and campaigning for the greater good of the Philippines = unethical wowz Filipino card has just been "
"   Xenophobia: dislike of or prejudice against people from other countries. tal "
"mamimiss ko pag filipino time solid lagi masaya hsksjsjsj :(("
"STE club and Yes-O/Filipino president,signing off "
"A group of Filipino Creative Hub managers visited the UK last year to connect with British Creative Hub managers th "
" : In 2016 we started #TFALpodcast to share Filipino American stories. We also released our very first shirt! We would wear t"
" : Ho clarifies that UHC Act does not mean lahat libre. Every Filipino family's health spending is predictable; PhilHealth e"
"Well, for you Filipino is not a core subject, but for me,  it is.  di mo pinapansin na subject minamahal ko. K "
"So last night I was swiping on tinder and I got a match with this cute filipino boy. I was hoping he would swipe right bc he is hot as HELL"
" : #WDWDancingTo IV of Spades  off my Filipino side     "
" LOL! your last name is filipino af tho"
" : If you're interested in Wave, Marvel's newest Filipino superhero, and happen to be attending , I'd highly recommend"
" : Actually normal lang naman na binabali yung words sa filipino songs. One example is yung sa  or yung nauusong ka"
" Not the same as how teachers interpret it based on how KWF used to interpret it. Your definition of F "
" : Toxic Filipino Culture?: Basta't kasama kita, jowa na kita."
"Eerie is the best filipino horror this year for me, kakaiba yung mga music na ginamit natakot talaga ako and yung a "
"Inigo Pascual (a Filipino Actor and Singer) together with WENGIE (Youtuber with 13M+ subscribers) has been working "
" Come visit Toronto!  is about to open a production of Next to Normal starring Ma-An "
" Filipino superhero."
"#Filipino imprisoned for  inside #female #toilet "
"Andrew Zimmern says Filipino food is the next American food trend  "
" I a Filipino American named Juan living in San Diego.  either people think I Mexican or my St "
" Filipinong Filipino po"
"Gusto nami mag bakasyon pero among filipino wa pa gyud  guys anuena?"
"Gemma-Late na pero all smiles pa din-Ay teh may chika!-Mam seryoso na po ako-Mukha lang boyish pero sobrang gi "
"Because I'm a Filipino. "
"I need some mutualz  If You Are A FILIPINO BTS ARMY"
"I think 2014 is the best year for Filipino films so far this decade. I mean Mariquina, Bwaya, Hindi Sila Tatanda, V "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
" : Owner of NYC-based Filipino restos Jeepney and Maharlika, Nicole's cookbook 'I Am a Filipino' lands on the prestigious J"
" : Just watched #Eerie. Ganito ang horror film, matatakot ka kahit hindi dinaan sa cheap jump scares, mapapaisip ka sa nangya"
"Jumping into the weekend like ..#higwanz #Filipino #filipinos #filipina #filipinas #chocolatehills "
"PHOTO:  Insurgent training with an 9K38 Igla MANPADS somewhere around Buenavista, Agusan del Norte. "
" : Love team ko na si Hugh at Gerson. The Filipino and the Canadian"
" Watch everyday TV and see how the same paradigm (e.g. dialect, Filipino) is repeated. You don't need "
"literally bumagsak yung filipino book ko is this forshadowing"
" Hala kaya pala parang may mali.... omg  ang hina ko na sa larangan ng filipino "
" : EERIE (2019) were times that I found myself at the edge of my seat. The film is unpredictable. You should not miss thi"
"      peso filipino, deu 13 reais ASSIM, S DOIS LANCHE NO MEC"
"so we basically finished all filipino movies in netflix cad ._. jdhdjdbns"
"#Eerie is the best Filipino horror movie na napanuod ko so far. Bukod sa nakakagulat May lesson ka ring matututunan "
" not even asian you filipino. .............sis"
" Lemme try.  Taglish vlog since I am Filipino trash."
" bat parang barbie doll pero Filipino version ajshdjdkd &lt;33"
" In the Constitution of 1987, it is stated that the national language of the Philippines is Filipino. I "
"Kai Sotto and his father, Ervin Sotto, talked about how their family arrived at the decision to finally let the Fil "
" : Filipino culture:* : Maaaaa, sasama ako sa swimming : Ay hindi! graduating ka kung mamatay ka donnnnnnn!!"
"Pag mahuman na among movie sa filipino hahahha charaaan"
"Not only did I see the Lord work in the hearts of the Filipino people, but I also got to witness the work of His be "
"It a Filipino/Asian ting  "
"Me: can I get an eagle? Pls?: *maniacal laughter*, looking at my Fil grade: "
" : Toxic filipino mindset? ang iba, makapagpatawa lang."
"Love team ko na si Hugh at Gerson. The Filipino and the Canadian"
"Filipinos are very ma-issue na person.... tabi lang kayo,  issue kasama mo siya parati, issue minaha "
"It's worth your time to watch Eerie.  isn't the usual Filipino horror film that we associate with. It keeps on "
"         "
"di na nagpasa sa filipino, yai na"
"To my Fellow Filipino Armies please help me to get this video a big tumbs up please share it to your mutuals as "
"One of our co-founders  is having a vegan filipino sandwich pop-up this Sunday in the LES under the na "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"  teh ayaw nyo ng binatang filipino na may pusong filipina? "
" And sure, we can list all the people we know and from which countries they came from, but the foreigners "
"  Si est cosas raras pasan por esos mares como el filipino que fue madre ja ja"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"To my Fellow Filipino Armies please help me to get this video a big tumbs up please share it to your mutuals as "
" filipino "
" Advanced filipino mom. Mine still having hard time with hers."
" binatang filipino ayaw nyo? hmmp"
"Hahahahaha yung nanay ko nasa ibang bansa tas hindi naman masyadong gamay ang technology eme, so hindi na nakaka no "
" : PANOORIN: Mga pagkaing tampok sa 'Filipino Food Month' "
"PCG: No anti-measles shots required of Filipino workers entering HK "
" : Department of National Defense: The 50th year of the NPA existence is a very sad and unfortunate reminder of the Fili"
" : It's really hard to make other nationalities see our Nationality as equal as theirs if even the other fellow Filipinos"
"She looks like a filipino aunt holding her breath for a family picture JSKSJKS "
"ISPESYAL MENTION SA 10-H JUSQ WALANG CLEARANCE SA FILIPINO. :&lt;"
"You are invited to the 2019 Filipino Mental Health Well-Being Summit in Los Angeles on April 13, 2019. More details "
"If someone uses the uniform, whatever uniform, for partisan politics, I am disappointed because I think it does ero "
"[Challenge #15] Korean's choice : TOP 4 Filipino male Celeb IDOL (Enriqu... "
"My forever Photographer, English, Math and Filipino Dictionary HAHHAHAHAHAHAHA "
"11 Filipino artists to showcase works in London exhibit "
"  Dalagang Filipino yeahh  HAHAHHAHAH"
"Send mo na lang samin Binatang Filipino mo hahahahahaha  Sige yie "
"STOP BEING PAVICTIM GIRL COZ WE ALL NOW NA TIGANG KA TALAGA SA S*X  dami mong alam ah*know (mag filipino ka na l "
" In which Law (act, article, and section) in the Philippines where it explicitly states that Filipino is not Tagalog?"
" Idk why Filipino citizens are sleeping to them. I mean they are not trying hard to be like kpop-"
"Tapat ngunit tahimik kung umibig. Yan ang sagot ko sa exam sa Filipino kahapon."
"- to  , mahal na mahal ko kayo, kayo ang first love ko. Love y'all!  in Filipino and Best in English "
" sa madalas na paggamit ng Ingles sa pelikulang Pilipino na mas pinapahalagahan ng mga Pilipino ang b "
"Nakakatuwa ang mga lumang pelikula dahil puro o hangga't maari ay Filipino ang ginagamit na wika "
"Someone, calm me down. OMGGGGGGG  Is singing in  's song Sundin Ang Puso he's not "
"Morenong Filipino ye"
"lt yung mga filipino na naglalarong horror games "
" JOSH! I FEEL LIKE SUCH A DOUCHEBAG! UGH it would be my honor. Imagine that, a Filipino Time Lord. T "
"hinihiling ko lang sana di ako bumagsak sa english, filipino, science, sa lahat ng putang inang subjects na tinamar "
"Isang binatang filipino yeh!"
"Filipino mentality "
"sana naman may + kami sa filipino, ang dami ng chineckan kong test papers eh"
" : Imagine, nandoon po yung Sankai Family sa Group, kung nakakaintindi lang sila ng Filipino at nabasa nilang Wag na ivote si F"
"I've literally seen thousands of Filipino teenagers with Chicago Bulls snapbacks and ukeleles. Stop it."
" :   It crazy how the left call you  racist because you support trump. I a white guy part Indian"
" : Filipino's did it again  "
"variations of filipino"
"Being Filipino, this was obviously the wrong thing to do. U CHISMOSA ASS MOTHERFUCKING BLOOD RELATIVES that like to "
"lol when will yall realize that state universities are not funded by the government?????????? it's funded by the FI "
"11 Filipino artists to showcase works in London exhibit "
"January 2019 Update: Complete List of Visa-Free Countries For Philippines Passport Holder (and Visa on Arrivals)://t.co/h8YsNYbGB5"
"That may plans na tayo for the future parents nalang problema. This Filipino  family culture kung saan parents mo namimili ng future mo:&lt;"
" Espa kaya yan hahahahhahahahhahahahaha pagkakilanlan is filipino "
" Pare chong dapat fluent in filipino eh hahahaah"
"  I Pascual, a Filipino singer and Wengie, a Chinese-Australian YouTube sensation will "
" : The Department of Foreign Affairs (DFA) is reaching out to the family of Richard Soriano, who is suffering from amnesia"
"Join us on April 8, from 5:00 p.m. to 7:00 p.m. at SOM 202 for a though-provoking discussion on Filipino linguistic "
"How do the words we speak shape our lives? What does our language tell us about our culture? Psyche introdu "
"just started duolingo indonesian and FILIPINO IS CLOSER TO INDONESIAN THAN I THOUGHT!!!!! Im enjoying looking at co "
"Spaghetti Carbonara Recipe Filipino Style by #PinoyRecipeAtIbaPa://t.co/VxKAq7LS7V.#FilipinoRecipes "
"Hahaha cute nalaman ko agad na filipino melody siya dahil ng typo error ng ang  hello po! "
"Filipino and PE. Our last day of class.  "
" (A Filipino Actor) together with  (A YouTuber with 13M+ subscribers) has been working with a "
"Hey  Definitely these not covered by press freedom 1) violating 100% Filipino mass media ownership 2) u "
"Its filipino culture to say youve gotten fatter doesnt mean its good im just saying th doesnt mean its good i "
"Jobs UAE Telesales Executive Outbound Tagalog Speaker Filipino RAKBANK "
"filipino na lang woot nakakatamad"
"FILIPINO BIHDAY Full of Love, Friends and Food! (BBQ Party Philippines) "
"My only goal is to become the first ever Filipino Woman to become a Formula 1 racer "
" : Let the name NICANOR GABUNADA JR be etched in the mind of every Filipino to signify perfidy and treason to our democra"
" : putangina traffic at walang masakyan na nga sa pasay nakikisiksik pa yung sundong van ng mga kinginang chinese. samantala"
"Filipino's did it again  "
"Hey  Definitely these not covered by press freedom 1) violating 100% Filipino mass media ownership 2) us "
"HOY KANING MEET ME IN ST. GALLEN NOH KAY ISA NASABS AKONG FAVE NA FILIPINO MOVIE WAAAAAAJDHAKXHAKHSKAJ"
" ah so di rin muna ang filipino"
" : One of the Best New Filipino Actors of our generation is officially back. Meet again Mr. Christian Bables (right side)"
"Mabuhay ang PIA ang Arkitektong Filipino"
" W8 ur not filipino wat means u know how to flirt"
"  Don Filipinos speak oh idk Filipino?"
" sorry i thought  koo was used as I  its I in filipino hahaha"
"AiC Art for the Day - Born Mar. 29: Roberto Chabet, Filipino, (1937-2014)://t.co/oyOXTJYXX2 "
"Yung gumawa kayo ng project sa filipino pero hangang ngaun di parin tapos. "
"The Department of Foreign Affairs (DFA) is reaching out to the family of Richard Soriano, who is suffering from amn "
" your name? Pangilinan? with a K, Pan-gee-lee-naan the real way of saying "
"Watched Ulan alone tonight. Thought it was a scary movie. But I cried because Maya had a grandmother in the movie. "
"tabangi kos filipino oi"
"Just because you eat Filipino cuisine all day in the US doesn't mean you're as Filipino as the mainland Filipinos "
" : #PaanoKayaKung wala ng mga Filipino ang kailangang mangibang bansa pra magpa-alipin "
" : yung teaser ng emenel lakas maka-filipino hugot film #MNL483rdsingle"
"  Hi Facebook do not under estimate the population of Filipino People that supports the cur "
"ano filipino ng calculator?kalkulator"
" : apparently i can't speak filipino that's not how you read 365"
" Try mong hanapin yung filipino edition ng fifty shades mababaliw ka"
" : toxic filipino culture?  pag marami kang kaibigan na lalake pokpok ka "
"Maraming salamat po dahil sa into NAEXPOSE ako sa iba pang panitikan at mga manunulat sa Filipino, kakaiba kasi t "
"yung teaser ng emenel lakas maka-filipino hugot film #MNL483rdsingle"
"Do we have any wonderful fans who speak and write fluent Hebrew or Filipino who could help us with a project?"
"Weird mg ibang filipino  na nasa ibang bansa feeling nila nakaka filipino yung paglike sa Jollibee. Lol"
"Filipino movie romance are not worth it to watch in Cinema's because in the end its all predictable and too cliche "
"2nd track from FlipMusic #FlipHipHopCompilation is from multi-award winning Filipino American urban/hip hop record "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"Kung saan pa nga yubg Filipino subject dun pa mababa jusko hahahha"
""
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
" : filipino stan or not a filipino stan please help us to spread the words!! "
"In one of his shortest public speeches, President Rodrigo Duterte  on Friday vowed to work for Filipino Muslims up "
"I'm a Filipino but sometimes being friends with Filipinos especially if you are working abroad is not a good idea. "
"LITERALLY CRYING IN FILIPINO RN"
"filipino stan or not a filipino stan please help us to spread the words!! "
""
" Defendor is great. Funnily enough Specials is one I've been meaning to revisit. I watched it at after h "
" : Toxic filipino culture: buas lang na ah then ngaa waay mo na gin asikaso timprano pa?! Te kanugon ugh"
" : graduating without an academic honor because of an 84 Filipino GPA in the 1st Semester, Grade 11. Broke my heart, my f"
" I DID!!! bakery said they will do the custom order of my Filipino Sansrival cake "
" pa ako nananalo ng gold sa SEA Games. Sana dito sa atin manalo na ako, sabi ni Diaz na silver medalist sa 2 "
" : Orange Sweet Potato. A famous Filipino most affordable food, healthy and nutritious. #filipinofood #wellness #nutrition"
"Is maria ressa a Filipino citizen? Why are they blaming the government abt maria ressa's case?  Why do they call it "
"nag aaya kuya ko manood ng end game: dl nalang naten, filipino movies suportahan naten!: edi manood "
"DISCOVERY BY FILIPINO SCIENTISTS!! "
"Nagmi'an ngd ang mga filipino movies sa netflix"
"Chinese "
"Korean restaurants are everywhere. I mean, what happened to Filipino restaurants???? are they going out of style like other cultures???"
" This fight is more than Red vs Yellow vs DDS/Marcos. They're simply sides who have divided the Filipino "
"Toxic filipino culture: buas lang na ah then ngaa waay mo na gin asikaso timprano pa?! Te kanugon ugh"
" laws have been a scourge to the Filipino fisherfolk for more than two decades. It is high time for them to b "
"40.) Filipino"
"   Filipino Pride#AcnaticsCapiz"
"putangina traffic at walang masakyan na nga sa pasay nakikisiksik pa yung sundong van ng mga kinginang chinese. sam "
"Birthday Remembrances. Today, Mar. 29, 1937  #RobertoChabet, Filipino painter and sculptor (d. 2013) was born.( "
"While sitting on the front counter chair cking my SCM for the night shift. One Filipino doctor passed by singing... "
"  taray best in filipino"
"are you a proud filipino or gusto mo maging k-idol?  huy mahal ko ang lahi ko, joke2 ko lang yung maging trainee o "
"Filipino Shanghai #Lumpias Recipe  person I've met that finds out that I'm from the Philippines has always a "
" Dalagang Filipino*"
" Ano ba filipino ng honest? "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
" it the filipino blood"
" filipino time yata sa cellphone ko  hays bukas na nga lang pagkauwi ko samin. "
"tangina filipino yan blue eagle na sana ako"
"How does the TRAIN Law which you  passed make Filipino lives more comfortable?  "
" Paano ba nila maintindihan kasi filipino hayyyy"
"I'm proud to be Filipino "
"I Pascual, a Filipino singer and Wengie, a Chinese-Australian YouTube sensation will collab on a song from #BTS "
" Sa kasamang palad,  na luko ang karamihang filipino ng mga Aquino!  #Marcosforever"
"kingina ang hirap kasi mas funny talaga yung filipino references and jokes, and terms like   can be "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"Francesca Manto tries shrimp and uni lumpia and a Filipino sausage burger at Ma'am Sir in Los Angeles, and discusse "
"In high school I had a teacher call me the other Filipino girl's name. She wasn't even in that class."
"Estou tendo uma overdose dos textos de Col. Olho p fora do carro e ja me recordo da tese incorreta de Buarque q "
" : imagine stray kids being living memes and recreating filipino memes like saying JoOoNeEeEeeLlL or doing the dalagang pilipin"
"Spanish and Filipino#MystifiedOnIFLIX"
"Eerie changed my perspective about filipino horror movies, shet give this movie a go"
"Nagpost ang ina ng picture nila. Sumagot ang anak: You may not post anything without my consent.  ^_^ "
"apparently i can't speak filipino that's not how you read 365"
"  Filipino ARMYS are hoping for it for a long time.. but the ? is, are they ready for a very e "
"Famous Filipino Myth: nagka pimple ka, in love ka"
"Grabe filipino"
" : either Lou or Fumiya will be the batch winner. let's claim it! enough with stereotype slash typical Filipino slash casual a"
" Not necessarily a huge favorite, but I made a webcomic thesis about the origins of nightmares in Filipino "
"Muling inaanunsyo ng League of Filipino Students - University of the Philippines Los Banos (LFS - UPLB) ang muling "
"  Esta fino filipino 7w7"
"&lt;Hello63 Weekly K-News&gt;'s the latest on all things Hallyu! Check out our list below on the latest in K-Entert "
"What nationalities have you been mistaken for?  far I've gotten:"
"Well, diorang bukan local. Tapi taktau orang apa cuma muka Asian macam kita maybe Filipino tapi helok. Hagituh. Aku "
" : filipino biriteras are quaking "
" Tagalog is a Filipino. dialect, my stepmom is from the Philippines Lol"
"Hey y'all!! If you want to start listening to Filipino hiphop here are a few artists I recommend:- Gloc 9 (y'all k "
"Excited akong mabasa yung TATBILB tapos Filipino version pala siya hahahuhu "
"'Child sex tourism': Perth man jailed for 11 years for molesting Filipino girl overseas "
"Gaksjaks TyL for Filipino grade "
"Toxic Filipino Mentality    Basta mag uyab-uyab ka mabuntis ka."
"Filipino journalist Maria Ressa has been arrested multiple times on clearly propped up charges since Rodrigo Dutert "
"New poem!  Confession, I feel like in a lot of my writing, I may have subconsciously edited the Filipino out  "
"we have so manyy great filipino artists wow we "
""
"bathala of the filipino mythology"
"Lintik na jowa yan. Hahaha/2 na American + 1/4 Filipino + 1/4 Columbian = Half Amphibian. Hahaha"
"I had about 20,000 calories of Filipino food yesterday. #mustburnitoff "
"  You cant use the freedom of press as alibi just to gain symphaty to the filipino people. "
"Di pala ako sa Nathan mag sesecond year. Usto ko pa naman sumali sa Filipino club "
"yo I just realized I have a lot of filipino carat mutuals :0"
" Ano toh?lokohan...ilan taon mo n niloloko ang mga Filipino tapos ngpapaawa k ngyon?haiz Media pips nga nmn"
"Sinigang sinigang di ka filipino citizen pag di ka kumain ng sinigang (tune of gucci gang)"
"Kung mayroon mang tatalo na filipino movie dito, kailan pa? Sa part2? Sabihin nyo! Hahaha di pa rin ako makapaniwal "
"   filipino lagi gamit ko"
"Preparation for a life abroad? This is where Filipino nurses can learn German. At the #BeagleAcademy in #MakatiCity "
"Jaime Lachica Cardinal Sin DD, PLH, OS, OL was the 30th Roman Catholic Archbishop of Manila, and was also a Cardina "
"Himala bay dili corny nga filipino horror movie "
" Filipino twinks** PERO HOY SIXADJSK JAS KEDENG"
"BTS was mentioned in a Filipino News as a  FAMOUS K-POP BOYBAND IN THE WORLD"
"i have this fond memory as a kid na  bago pa kong ligo gikuluban ug towel nakayaka sa floor nagkaon na nay libro sa "
"  I love that word now. Encantada. We use the same word in Filipino language for magical creatures. ^_^"
" And Filipino food is bomb!!! I'd have wanted to be your bestie and shared food "
" : An Oman national who allegedly invited two Filipino women to fly to Thailand to meet him and perform paid sexual acts w"
"The Bureau of Immigration banned an Omani citizen from coming to the Philippines after the bureau intercepted two F "
"although best in math ineexpect ko kasi wala akong alam sa filipino"
"  no we filipino"
"   Dalagang Filipina x Binatang Filipino"
"with high honors, best in filipino "
"The Bureau of Immigration banned an Omani citizen from coming to the Philippines after the bureau intercepted two F "
"Filipino time nga naman"
" : One independent video game seeks to use technology to showcase what is uniquely Filipino, particularly in the form of l"
"Its a desperate move. A low blow to arrest someone who use her education and knowledge  to fight for the press freedom of every Filipino."
"ATM attending a good friend's daughter's debut!#Nathanias18 #clubfilipino  Club Filipino "
"really? you know what fam Im so happy. Im so proud to say that Inigo is a Filipino.  "
"Do you have any loved ones who speak Filipino, but still need to know Jesus Christ personally, as Savior and Lord? "
"  Filipino Def"
"Gagawa nakong clearance sa Filipino hehehe"
" : Laban, lahing Filipino!  LIVE!  #ABL9    "
"For the past 9 years, LETS-CDC has been one with the Filipino people in forwarding calls for humane and just polici "
"Filipino people who stans sandra bullock??? anyone???"
" They were sad bc kids were making fun of them and they also were making fun of an immigrant classma "
"Matog na ko. Good night. pa ko ugma. Capslock gyud baya ang Filipino time. Nastrong sila."
"sarap pag tripan ng mga taong seen lang ng seen sa neargroup or filipino talks chuchu"
" : Toyo Eatery, Filipino chef Jordy Navarra's brainchild, is ranked among the best in Asia, according to an annual list cur"
" : Prepare yourselves as one of the country's hottest bands will take the stage in this year's ONE BIG PHI: SONIC TONIC!"
"1 point na lng sa FILIPINO 1 point na lng talaga SILVER ACHIEVER  na ako"
"Went to NBS Trinoma to check the books that are on sale and found these. Lol Filipino edition!  "
"21.) Filipino at English lang naman ako fluent hahshahaha"
"Fuck FILIPINO  na lng SILVER ACHIEVER na ko"
"Roberto Chabet, Apple Painting Lesson, 1982. This #Filipino #painter and #conceptual #artist, who is considered the "
"Filipino rap song is also lit!! "
" yung filipino australian na singer"
"Opinions about Filipinos?  Judgemental and i'm not proud of it as a filipino. "
"PIA: Never in my wildest dreams did I ever think I would have my own wax figure... The beauty queen also shares t "
"I MAY NOT HAVE WATER BUT AT LEAST DIRE FAILING TAK FILIPINO BWAHAHAHAHAHA: no offence kun failing tim filipino "
" : No one: no one: guys: yeah you right, I should play someone huh"
" And can that girl even speak her own language! Lets throw it back at her. English isn her language just "
" : Edwin  If you fall, I'll be there  hiddent talent ang pagcalligraphy effortless ang pagiging funny niya. laging inaaw"
" Se recuerda a Imelda Marcos la esposa del ex-presidente filipino Ferdinand Marcos que ella vivia una v "
"Laban, lahing Filipino!  LIVE!  #ABL9    "
"Since his death people have tried to make him into a civil rights activist but I marched here in San Antonio and he "
" : Sugod na sa sinehan para panoorin ang pang-international na Filipino action movie!#MARIAmovie starring Cristine Reyes is"
" Bobo mong abogago edwin lacierda. Basta dilawangtae bobo talaga. Trademark nyo na talaga ang pagiging bobo "
"Ok so someone just quoted my tweet and I'm not really sure about the language so I googled and it might be Filipino "
"wAIT bts composer that produced jk euphoria helped produce inigo pascual collaboration song ?? SHET MY FILIPINO ASS IS SHAKING"
"I miss our ST in filipino "
" : #OurFathersTO team reveal: Sound Designer Maddie Bautista is a Saudi Arabia-born Filipino sound designer, composer, and t"
" Padahal kenal baru sehari   more Filipino dah. Mana muka serumpun "
"shookt, Filipino ka? "
"im not a fan of PH monikers such as king of comedy or king of Filipino action cinema because the only reason th "
"U need quick filipino facts? Isaw and betamax are both filipino street foods often sold in barbekyuhans (bqq stalls "
" :  For the second half of Duterte's administration, Pimentel says that there is still a lot to be done, adding that the"
"WINNER in a Filipino supermarket # # # #WINNER #MINO "
"Best horror movie na gawa ng filipino so far ang #EerieMovie"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
" For the second half of Duterte's administration, Pimentel says that there is still a lot to be done, add "
" Hahaha and she says people turn a blind eye to all these issues! Well lets highlight how she made an issu "
" #NotAllFriedRice Filipino fried rice I grew up with is made from prev night's cold rice, fried in garli "
"The President green light policy has emboldened China into militarizing our waters, building runways, hangars, an "
"Haay. Filipino time talaga? Why not start showing it na?"
"For the second half of Duterte's administration, Pimentel says that there is still a lot to be done.  add "
"mga natitirang sundalo ng FILIPINO  "
"Toxic filipino culture, mga matatanda laging akala tama sila yung tipong alam na nilang mali sila tapos ikaw y "
"Filipino and research naman."
" : [Please !] ! If you're 18-40 years old, from the National Capital Region (NCR), and a fan of Japanese Animation (anim"
" trans:  did he draw ????? Titi????? - Titi in filipino is penis -"
"buti pa ibang non-autonomous universities/colleges they establish identity ng school nila tsaka Filipino culture sa "
"Filipino sp: the only one who can eat isaw and betamax in the squad is kenny, he eventually coerce stan to eat isaw "
"UBE HALAYA JAM Lola's Filipino Recipe "
"S/O sa mga kaklase kong hindi talaga tanggap and deserve yung Filipino Grade nila. (I feel u)"
"hi self, u made it. U JUST FCKING MADE IT! With highest honor. Best in TLE, MAPEH, ESP, ENGLISH, FILIPINO, and ARAL "
"im trying to search recordings by toni wei i cannot find any i want to give like 3 flute pieces to her by f "
"Filipino pls lng pls"
" This girl is proud to be Filipino and creates issues on colourism? Creating issues on colourism means she "
"hi filipino, pls be good to me"
"IM SO HAPPY THERE ARE SO MUCH FILIPINO MALEC FANS GAAAAAAH"
" : Instead of pressuring yourself to have a dream, dance, read, watch movies, listen to waves lapping by the shore, smell the fl"
"and i realized na we had gone so far guys, yung promise natin kay sir arn na we won disappoint him when we reach "
"NO GOODBYE, JUST SEE YOU  AGAIN!  ARE BSED - FILIPINO 1C, OFF.  "
"What did I just freaking heard?!?!? NOW UNITED SINGING IN FILIPINO LYRICS WITH THEIR ORIGINAL "
"Binatang Filipino yeah din ang jowa yeah "
" *filipino quiz had left the conversation**ap test is waving back*"
"*Gumawa ng meme sa R&amp;W*: *Nagdrawing ng thesis in filipino*"
" Cheska / Decembee 09, 2001 / Woozi-Hoshi  / Filipino "
" : We, the sovereign Filipino people . . . are never ever, ever getting back together  "
" : Itigil ang pagmina sa lupang minana. [Pagsalin sa Filipino] Lumad ang naaapektuhan sa pagmimina ng kanilang l"
" : Remember this mga Dilawan, 2016 was just a start. There are more of us now who know President Duterte better. He can del"
"filipino culture is: "
" FILIPINO 69"
"Seeking #foodservice #supervisors for various locations around Newfoundland Canada #workincanada #filipino #pinoy "
"Top 20 Filipino Chicken Recipes by #PinoyRecipeAtIbaPa://t.co/ob9HqESZ09.#FilipinoRecipes #PinoyRecipes "
" Are you a Filipino?"
"Art Inspiration For Today: Abot by Joy Malari (Filipino), oil on canvas, genre: Contemporary Figurative Expressioni "
"Learn Filipino -  Filipino in Three Minutes - Making Apologies://t.co/1HyZkjQ8nX#MakingApologies #FilipinoPod101"
"Prepare yourselves as one of the country's hottest bands will take the stage in this year's ONE BIG PHI: SONIC TONI "
"Female Chinese Purchase Manager and Filipino Junior Accountant (Dubai) ://t.co/rMW9pAJ28P"
"Kapag nakumpleto na raw ang buong CALAEx na may habang 47 kilometers, ang dalawa at kalahating oras na biyahe mula "
" yet these are OUR girls showcasing the Filipino's vocal prowess that stands out over its sister gro "
"*filipino yawa hahaha "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
" Hopefully for the Will of Filipino Peoples  in this Asian Country lasting peace Southern part of Philippines h "
" was she brown? like filipino mixed with something"
"Watching foreign people trying filipino food!  youre in manam! Im offended they didnt try bulalo and putobumbong"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"Tiny Victory and  Food lmao "
" the disrepair! it a filipino dish "
"yes pumasa ata akong filipino"
"mam magturo ka filipino sa grade 12 please  Awwww, naks naman! Salamat nak, hindi ko pa po alam sa ngayon hindi po "
" Ganito kasi. Pag sinabi kasing Pinoy Pride yan yung mga Filipino artist na nare-recognize sa inte "
"*my squad singing pup hymn* paaralan tanglaw ka ng bayan : What's the english transla "
"They are not mine.  I am just there subject teacher in AP at FILIPINO,  but I already choose to love them.  I cried "
" Pagkabasa ko your grab driver was cute kaya ka binantayan ng mom mo. Pero ang cute nga mom mo, typi "
"Typical filipino parents: finishing the meal at Mang Inasal, asking a cellophane bag sa waiter to take all t "
"my filipino teacher better step the fuck up or i'll eat her ankles"
" : The luxury Filipino jewelry brand unveiled a new, modern logo that the company believes reflects the Filipino values up"
" : a lady came into my work and asked my ethnicity so when i told her im filipino/thai she goes im actually scouting for models fo"
"Filipino Tamales Recipe "
" :  Drop V.1*available on the streets by next week* is a locally made streetwear and lifestyle brand wh"
"  Sis lets go to korea and get some good guys there. Our Filipino beauty will reign there so wh "
"With honors and Best in Filipino aaaaaa tyL!"
"Surveys, mainstream media and now Facebook. You can try to condition the Filipino mind but you'll never condition our hearts."
"   and as a Filipino, i have to prep necessary documents for visa..I went to "
"For that matter, why does Maria Ressa keep bothering the Filipino people with her problems? There are so many peop "
" : New Zealand dead role call at memorial service broadcast around the world. No such respect given to filipino Catholic vi"
"The luxury Filipino jewelry brand unveiled a new, modern logo that the company believes reflects the Filipino value "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"Hi fellow Brahmans! need respondents on our research paper entitled Manifestation of Filipino Stoicism in the "
"  that's actually the impression that i'm getting after some delving into this guy, li "
" My uncle left America in 2008 and I wondered why ? he married a Filipino woman and happy as shit now"
"Pag naabot mo ang pangarap mo sa buhay, naabot na din ng magulang mo ang pangarap nila... the Annual "
" : My filipino ass decided to cut the last slice of cake left in the break room into thirds and take the 1/3. But then my fat ass"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"  you like any filipino food? you ever cooked any?'m a big fan here from the Philippines!#RamseyTheBest"
"Typical filipino parents "
" : naalala ko nung G7 sa science,AP at filipino si gianne na bahala sa math HAHAHAHAHA"
"I really hate filipino people, siempre metiendo las narices donde no deben tio mind your own fucking busines"
"Part cookbook/part manifesto/part memoir, Nicole Ponseca's book is a statement of pride in Filipino identity and cu "
" : Eerie just proves how we can elevate Filipino horror films while maintaining a mainstream appeal. While it may be confusing"
"toxic filipino culture"
"filipino grandmas are the best; the sarcasm of them lmao "
"naalala ko nung G7 sa science,AP at filipino si gianne na bahala sa math HAHAHAHAHA"
"banal na aso, santong kabayo  u're filipino, u know this song."
"Dalagang Filipino yeah "
" that is how he says that...I saw you just fine are you scared of DeAnna because Cindy Kusumoto and I to "
"Stay true to your authentic self. Great interview with Filipino American blogger, podcaster,graphic designer, and "
" : Skl sa lahat ng napanood kong filipino horror movie, para saken eto yung pinaka the best sa lahat! Grabe yung movie na"
"Pardon me for injecting politics here but I hope we do not forget our history as Filipino people. And I hope the Fi "
"I noticed that the native vegetables (like alugbati, malunggay, sigarilyas, singkamas, kamote, roselle, kulitis, et "
" :   But the question persists...  are Chinese workers WOH MORE than Filipino workers in the job m"
"Toxic filipino trait. Pag ang babae kusog mamarkada ug lalaki bigaon na dayon. Well, hello to my guy friends out "
"How do you think the world will end?  coz of the toxic filipino culture "
"Dapat talaga teacher namin sa Filipino ang nakikita Dito eh di yung muka namin ni jhana "
"Toxic Filipino Culture you really tried your best at school, but after all, your parents will still see you a "
" Any update about my issues? Some channels are not working specially my Filipino channels.. already repo "
" : NOW: We are at the Pasundayag National Innovation Fair of  to learn more about innovative disaster preparedness so"
"Gagamboy is deserving of a sequel the Filipino masses have been waiting on it..... "
"u know 19 sounds like a filipino rap song but nicer"
"A victim of toxic filipino culture "
"Filipino time smh "
" Favorite filipino movie gyud nako na, atot relate ko kabg enrique ana na movie oy HAHAHAHAHA"
" :  I just could not believe that PET or  are too slow 2 make that decision 2 throw d fake Vice Pr"
"TURONG FILIPINO - HAD TENSE (Englisht to Filipino - LESSON) "
" I just could not believe that PET or  are too slow 2 make that decision 2 throw d fake Vic "
"   also me and  waiting for ging to say filipino things"
"PLS RETWEET! for: UST Architecture Student currently enrolled in AY 2018-2019 (ANY YEAR LEVEL) "
" - haiii kalbooooo hahaha ito yung lalaking malabol, at grabi mangbashhh, naaalala mo yung sa Ballpen nun "
"avleos is on sale filipino oomfs &lt;3 buy it if u want or whatever"
" I SAY AGAIN.. our worthless LEGISLATIVEbranch! MILLIONS of Filipino HungryCHILDREN w/the SA "
" : I like how Dore &amp; Fumi's willingness to adopt the Filipino culture since Fumi is almost 1yr here in the PH while Andre"
"Highlights for tomorrow's program:  Session by Fr. Bienvenido F. Nebres, SJ. Fr. Nebres is a Filipino natio "
"I wonder what will trigger the Filipino people to rage against this evil government. shooting a person in "
"Filipino and Chinese  Asia/Singapore "
" Kaya nga, giving the impossibility, the world will end with you being president as a filipino"
"Dr. Ho: Our lawmakers' job is done, but how we as participants of the healthcare sector will use it to advance the "
" : Yung naging teacher namin kanina, sinabi niyang madami daw siyang Filipino friends noong sa SG pa siya nakatira at nakapunt"
"Someone claimed that Maria Clara could not be the model of Filipino women. History never mentioned that she brushe "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"I love my cousin and how she's trying to embrace her heritage as a Filipino-American, but that IG bio is just... No "
"    Also one of the toxic cultures ng mga Filipino ang pagiging fanatic ma "
" : I'm sorry but I'm sick of this toxic Filipino family culture where parents treat their kids as investment plans. I don't me"
"World First Armless Pilot is a Real-Life Filipino American Superwoman "
"i have never tried balut and taho in the entire 19 years of my existence. am i even a filipino? Djjdjsj"
"top10&amp;best in filipino bumaba but still blessed "
"   Modern Filipino moms will not mind working or staying at home. They'll do whatev "
"Mga kababayan, I'm inviting you to join the #EnlightenmentBlogTour twitter chat by  tomorrow at 9PM PH "
"Iba talaga ang Pinoy! &amp;#8216;Balete City&amp;#8217;: Filipino video game aims to connect players with local mythol "
"Round 3: Tapatan sa PaninindiganWhat can our senatorial candidates do, to help protect Filipino fishermen who ar "
"ako nalang ulit  basha More Chance parin pinakamasakit na Filipino movie imo ://t.co/LBm8iTVeUW"
" Andaming crab sa office. The typical filipino bosses, e ayako nang magbigay ng fucks, sooooooo"
" : Shoutout to these Filipino-American athletes: TJ Perkins () becoming the biggest acquisition of  and Uni"
" : Appreciate  for all the Filipino movies they have now. "
"wala pa akong nakikilalang taong tipo ay isang artist o mahilig sa kulturang Filipino. sa akin,,,"
"Filipino discriminating fellow Filipinos and that's the tea  what you see in others was a reflection of yours "
"Once you get older you'll realize that the filipino culture was so damn toxic."
"Puedo hablar ingl y espa, filipino, no tanto, jeje.#MaymayMMKSabadoNa  "
"So i tried doing the dalagang filipino pose in front of my mom tas binatukan lang niya ko "
"Celebrating #Brexit with a fair trade Colombian coffee, an English Croissant whilst sitting on a cushion made by Filipino slaves."
"Sa mga pwede mong makakapagtiwalaan sa mga kailangan ipagawa. Wala na si teolo, na seatmate ko and bebeh ng bespren "
"  Some Filipino (not all ) r hypocrite they bash James bcoz his perfect &amp; they can't stand the "
"Huiiii amazing naman may gumawa na pala ng Filipino Mythology RPG! I'm excited for Balete City Game."
"By Merlina Hernando-Malipot help connect Filipino students to undergraduate and postgraduate study abroad oppor "
"Meet Filipino trailblazers in aviation as  visits the best airports and aviation schools in California "
"Filipino rap is interesting"
" Fino filipino, ha puesto a De la Marrana"
"paano ako papasa sa Filipino kung hindi ako tulog naka Netflix ako..."
"Filipino Mythologies "
" the whole tweet was so distasteful :// like saying,  not even in the phils so how dare u act "
"From housemaid and nanny to Magna Cum Laude graduate? Wow! Isn't she inspiring? "
" Even if a law like that exists, some male Filipinos, lets say the tigang and drug user kind they will "
"Hey Filipino Club, watch  in Manila, #permission to   granted - "
"    at some point kasi sinishow nating ang one of a toxic filipino cult "
" : Mystified is iFlix's first original filipino film, and y'all aren't going to watch it tonight? Ugh shame. #MystifedOnIFLIX"
"since filipino men aren't really obliged to go a military training unlike other countries where it is kinda necessa "
" or best in filipino?"
" : The TNT Boys will be holding their first international concert tour this April. the Filipino boy band tomorrow o"
"I'm sorry but I'm sick of this toxic Filipino family culture where parents treat their kids as investment plans. I "
" OFW: Overseas FILIPINO Workers.         CHINESE OFW: Extra Terrestrials, non-existential "
"Annoyingly, Google Maps always want to default to Tagalog/Filipino language. (I prefer English)"
" : Dr. San Pedro lists down the names of nine of our fellow Filipino doctors that have been killed since 2017, and mentions tha"
"Eerie in its truest sense is a horror movie that goes beyond what one deems to be scary. The sheer beauty of it com "
"What's your favourite filipino meal?  si crush charot "
"Dr. San Pedro lists down the names of nine of our fellow Filipino doctors that have been killed since 2017, and men "
"A tale of two mothers: younger one is a mother of two at 23 yo, she was on verge of tears when talking about her ch "
"Me w/ Maysh Baay  ( Maychelle Baay / The New Vocalist of Moonstar88 Band  )#MayshBaay "
"THANK YOU po sa PA LUNCH SUCCESS FILIPINO RESTAURANT sobrang nabusog kami SOBRANG SARAP grabe LUTONG PINOY!! THAN "
"*gagawa ng pop-up sa filipino*Okay i can sense gastos."
"#MyPhBoy ctto vid up on YT Do You Love Me?://t.co/bsDFx0p7KF#pinoy #filipino #asian #oppa "
"Jarencio, during a post-game, jokingly said that whoever benefits from their win, that team should just send food t "
" : Jollibee vs Krispy Kreme Doughnuts (take out cups review) Filipino Family Vlogs Philippines ://t.co/eT6Z6fWzX9"
"The best Filipino content creator everyone.  "
"Jollibee vs Krispy Kreme Doughnuts (take out cups review) Filipino Family Vlogs Philippines "
"Even if the world tells you so many ways you can dance or can sing, you have to get up, show up, and pu "
"May the new Bangsamoro Organic Law interim parliament succeed in uniting the Filipino Moro people and creating a ne "
" its true tho why does he think being filipino is a personality trait "
"#SentroBalita | Mga lutong-Pinoy, bida sa pagdaraos ng Filipino Food Month://t.co/l14Zvx6ShY"
"(Chaka quality) mango is so expensive here I eat PEACH instead I mean as a Filipino!!!  "
"wao highest sa periodical Filipino pa talaga HAHAJAJAJA"
"it so sad when your fellow Filipino said negra and pango. Fudge y'all basic features yun ng mga Filipinos tas m "
" : cheerdance  booklet binding sheet lecture lecture short film  f"
"Sana hindi ako mag summer sa filipino huhuhuhu"
" You should hear what they do to poor young Filipino &amp; Indonesian women in Malaysia "
"balita ko daw nawala papel mo kaninang cle  ay oo sis papel ko un sa filipino "
"toxic filipino mentality???  t o x i c i t y  o f  t h e  p h i l i p p i n e s hanging out with boys? Malan "
"Sugod na sa sinehan para panoorin ang pang-international na Filipino action movie!#MARIAmovie starring Cristine R "
"No one: shows: *zooms at every actress/actor's faces when sumthing dramatic goes on*"
"Lakas naman ni  associate editor ng eng tas EIC pa ng filipino hahahaha naubusan ng staff amp gluck"
"Sugod na sa sinehan para panoorin ang pang-international na Filipino action movie!#MARIAmovie starring Cristine R "
" : This week on Freethought Radio:  interviews , founder of Filipino Freethinkers, who talks about the challen"
"me in filipino performance: chracter: *mother dies*: *kinakabahan kasi ako naman magkakanta ng mag-isa kasi "
" do the dalagang pilipino challenge for your Filipino fans plsss!"
"context for this: there are some monolingual US vloggers and let's players that somehow butcher 1-2 syllable words "
" :  Yeah you were born here, but you didn't stay here and experience all the shit we went through. So you do"
" :  He is a Filipino, he speaks Filipino. So your point? Ano ikaw lang entitled gumamit ng  Filipino card? May"
"Quality Filipino films are sadly underrated, habang sobrang tinatankilik yung mga... "
"#friday #tennoji #kouen #osaka #japan #vietnamese #filipino #tomodachi  Osaka, Tennoji  "
" YES! Ito na siguro ang fave Filipino film ko this decade. Nakakainspire gumawa. Yung ending. Gusto ko m "
"Toxic Filipino Culture:Pag sumagot ka, bastos ka. Kahit ikaw yung tama pero mas matanda kausap mo, kailangan tan "
"Orange Sweet Potato. A famous Filipino most affordable food, healthy and nutritious. #filipinofood #wellness "
"Another surreal encounter with Queen P, but this time we witnessed the unveiling of her wax figure of Madam Tussaud "
"EERIE (2019) were times that I found myself at the edge of my seat. The film is unpredictable. You should not "
"Nasobrahan ka ata sa pagiging Filipino time mo"
"Inaantok na ako pero kailangan pa nag gawa ng script sa Filipino hayst"
"Exempted na sa final exam sa history 95 pa sa thesis sa filipino. Ayos din hahaha thankyou Lord."
" : Former lawmaker Neri Colmenares slams the Palace for being defeatist and for seemingly siding more with China than the Fil"
"Tots abt marianne  Matalino to lalo na sa Filipino. Stay Strong Sa Inyo Ni Cj. "
" :  to be shocked in filipino "
"Edinburgh- the Filipino revolution is coming your way! Join  on 7th April with  "
"beef steak filipino ra pa gyud gipakaon sa paniudto tapos iced mocha?? Hele ka worth it sa akong hago"
"Kaya nga lang po, in terms of packaging, hindi Pinoy or OPM ang dating nila sa casual viewers. They're singin "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
" sat.-gagawa ng filipino peta, sun.-review sa math, mon.-exam sa math, roleplay sa filipino "
" : When the Filipino and Albanian kids fight at school. "
"best Filipino Bootlegged CD of all time  roadtrips w daddy and the HOT DROP of Hey by Fatima Reiney "
" : Meet , Puppet Theater Manila artistic director, advocate, and girl extraordinaire. ://t.co/cJe7"
"pa rant ha. di ko lang kasi gets mga filipino kahit may magandang ginawa kapwa nila babash pa rin nila? the f "
" gusto ko lang sabihin na ano bang pake mo if this is how people who experience diaspora deal with their l "
" Pag yan sumigaw ng boycot tag nyo ang     dahil pwedeng ituring n "
"Kalo sesiapa yang perlukan model Filipino, nah hahahaha. Tak payah nak gi Phillipines cari model dah.  usual "
" to be shocked in filipino "
"Top 25 Filipino Pork Recipes by #PinoyRecipeAtIbaPa://t.co/4ESxTHhawA.#FilipinoRecipes #PinoyRecipes "
" Maligayang kaarawan alex wassabii (happy birthday in filipino). Godbless youu"
"[ jisoo's update ] godjenniee Sorry girl some Tagalog words had 2 or 3 different meaning cuz us difficult to transl "
"[EagleNewsPH] WATCH: Eagle News International Filipino Edition  March 29, "
"[EagleNewsPH] WATCH: Eagle News International Filipino Edition  March 29, "
"[EagleNewsPH] WATCH: Eagle News International Filipino Edition  March 29, "
"Kung dati gusto kong magmajor in Filipino sa college pero parang ngayon gusto kong mag math major hahaha may isang taon pa ako para mag isip"
" huhu same but in all seriousness... let's respect na lg... I still want Filipino themed but ahay ha "
"Finollowback ako nung crush ko na half korean at half filipino hehe hit me up po "
"Top 10 must try Filipino Foods by #PinoyRecipeAtIbaPa://t.co/6JzjOEAozC.#FilipinoRecipes #PinoyRecipes "
"i hate the filipino belief that just because you're older, you immediately can make decisions for the younger gener "
"Manila faces dilemma over returning Filipino Daesh fighters "
"my skin so filipino"
"my knowledge of filipino grammar amounts to that of an average sixth grader huhu haaalp"
"Influencer connotes FREE LOADER! That's how I define the FILIPINO INFLUENCERS kuno!"
"Tomorrow  and I are teaming up in a 2v2 tournament for our local Filipino scene. alas, its a fucking Tekken tournament"
" : the og filipino gods say LGBT rights"
"    Oh gitu ke? Setahu saya orang Brunei kaki tibai awek Filipino bila masuk "
"tanginang filipino society to"
"Dr. Joshua San Pedro clarifies what the UHC is and isn't it is: - Expands PhilHealth membership to every Fil "
"u know what... sadyahon ta ni prom ta... night in paris man or filipino themed... waay kaso as long as we're having "
"anxiety~ creepin' in~ be strong, don't fall in!!!  bang ciudad gig out there this april i wanna drink + be ha "
"The 2017 Philippine Intercompany Mortality Study gives 74-year old Filipino males a 2.669% chance of passing away within a year"
"Toxic filipino culture? wala ka ng karapatang magpaganda at magayos ng sarili kapag 'bobo ka.'"
"Sister anong club ka?  stuck between filipino club or science club pero mag sscience nalang siguro ako hshshshahah "
"I like how Dore &amp; Fumi's willingness to adopt the Filipino culture since Fumi is almost 1yr here in the PH while An "
"Paramount Pictures has collaborated with a Filipino artist to create the alternative poster for #PetSematary. "
" ~  ka~?  Filipino:  (Sa'n) ka?  English: Where are you?  Korean: ? "
"Filipino tradition  may kumantang isa asahan mo magsisikantahan na din yung iba "
"Hello Filipinos in NY, see you soon! #thankyouforthesupport to YOU my FATHER! Proud to be a Filipino!  "
"So people are coming at me for  filipinos. I failed to say  filipinos but I guess its common se "
" Binatang Filipino yeah? hahahhaha hooyyyy ano pati kasi yon nipapansin "
"Duterte says BARMM was 'envisioned to address the historical injustices against Filipino Muslims, and to plot a new "
"Kabilang sa mga bansang hiring ngayon ng Filipino cleaners ay ang Saudi Arabia, Qatar, United Arab Emirates, Kuwait "
"CHAROT IM THE BOBOEST FILIPINO CITIZEN GAGAGSGAGHAHAHAH "
" they commented the wrong filipino :("
"Just imagine the Filipino chikahan portion hnnnngggggkdhdjsshsj "
" Ma re-survey liwat sa Monday... and there are 2 choices na lg: Night In Paris or Filipino inspired "
"A: Nationality?: Filipino: Civil Status?: ahm wedding : "
"   Yeah but you Filipino so the small size of your dick is out of the question"
"Kabilang sa mga bansang hiring ngayon ng Filipino cleaners ay ang Saudi Arabia, Qatar, United Arab Emirates, Kuwait "
"2017 was TBA Studios year. They released 4 GREAT FILIPINO FILMS  some of which are now instant classics: "
" : Come by and buy your Filipino Festival ticket during all lunches! $5 each "
" Binatang Filipino "
" :  Duterte says BARMM was 'envisioned to address the historical injustices against Filipino Muslims, and to plot"
" Duterte says BARMM was 'envisioned to address the historical injustices against Filipino Muslims, an "
" I was the only person who knew filipino people in San Diego."
"im so happy to meet my filipino internet friends on insta and twitter uwu"
"not kpop related but TO MY LEGAL FILIPINO MOOTS PLEASE VOTE OTSO DIRETSO PARA SA SENADO!!!! PLEASE!!!! our governme "
"Naloka ako sa FILIPINO TIME "
"Tamang treat lang sa kapatid for being top 3,BestinMath&amp;Filipino. lang muna kasi top 3 lang.  top 1 "
" Imagine a tax evader worrying about Filipino taxes"
"Quit saying Philippine cinema is dead if you choose NOT to watch recently released Filipino films every now and the "
"Duterte says BARMM was 'envisioned to address the historical injustices against Filipino Muslims, and to plot a new "
" HER NAME IS PANINGNING AND SHES VIRAL ON FILIPINO TWT HUHUHUHU"
"Oof. Filipino mentality"
"but he's literally Filipino??? what does this tweet even mean? "
" : Tagala Talaga is the 3rd studio album by Filipino singer-actress Regine Velasquez, released in October 1991 by Vicor R"
" chinese overseas filipino workers ba sister"
" : Throwback... How Filipino women can strongly contribute to building a more intelligent Philippines  "
"May iba din kasi akong ginagawa duh so ako Filipino lang subject ko ganern?"
"hay congrats mayad naka graduate ka hhahahahaahaha wow tapos nangayo kwarta kay manang thanks ne. Ingaaaat  filipino traits"
"Filipino ako ng Filipino sa aking winiwika dito sa twitter kasi napagtanto ko na mas maganda pa lang magpahayag sa "
"Filipino horror films somewhat have a unique charm to them that allows them to be ridiculously fun even if they see "
"y just love it when ur filipino parents run into another filipino in public "
"Erik Matti has made 2 of the best Filipino films of the decade: ON THE JOB and HONOR THY FATHER. "
"May filipino accent kasi ako eh sorry, hindi ko nameet yung standards mo"
"I'm so tired so like someone shared the dmc dante gulapa fanart in the dmc shitposting group and every non filipino "
"Toxic filipino family culture?  hindi ka papansinin ng mga kamag anak mo pag wala kang pera "
"axcel , magaling mag model, katulong ko sa filipino ahahhahaha, maingay kong katabi, thank  u hahah"
" Sorry girl some Tagalog words had 2 or 3 different meaning cuz us difficult to translate in English. An "
" : Can we all appreciate that MNL48 is starting to produce quality MV and setting the bar high to other Filipino artists."
"ayaw sa subject na Filipino pero 90+ yung gradepasok Moira:di, di ko inakala"
" Honors in English in Filipino in Mathematics in Science in TLE in Health "
"Buenos d.  Blati y Carrillo al once? sendas convocatorias con sus combinados nacionales, el burki "
"suddenly feel like listening to filipino karaoke classics, sorry neighbor "
" filipino mom at its finest"
" Localized manga &lt;&lt;&lt; Locally dubbed anime (Filipino in my case). "
"Can we all appreciate that MNL48 is starting to produce quality MV and setting the bar high to other Filipino artists."
"I like japanese, mexican and chinese food. Italian is a close 4th. Filipino is not even on my list."
"legit ofw filipino worker"
" : if my kid talks back to me i not afraid to whoop his ass filipino style "
" : Patron Saints of Nothing is a story written by #ownvoices author, Randy Ribay, about Jayson Reguero, a Filipino-American tee"
"Ano role mo sa filipino?  wala baya role play sa g9 pero-arsobispo-aladin "
" : As part of  Military Appreciation Night, the  team honored 103-year-old Filipino veteran Liban Brillantes, who"
"So my dad and his sister are both half white. My dad ended up marrying my mom, who's Filipino, and his sister ended "
"Wiee lifelabs who? Filipino taping who? Landian sa Filipino who? Brochure sa Health who? Science activities who? Ma "
"Pinoy For Clout? I don't see anything wrong with his videos, he's just representing how Filipinos live/lived and to "
" Duterte: This momentous event brings us a step closer to our decades dream of a peaceful region gove "
"gusto ko yung paglagay ng netflix ng maraming filipino movies good jo"
"Chinese &amp;#8211; Filipino arrested for drugs in Paranaque "
"SIGNAL ROCK might be overlooked by some, but it one of 2018 best Filipino films. "
" You should not ask that omg  it's a filipino curse word, please stay innocent hahahhaha"
"Joel Ferrer is one of the most exciting Filipino filmmakers today. His brand of comedy is rather appealing. "
"We need more Filipino films like Joel Ferrer ELISE. "
"Duterte: This momentous event brings us a step closer to our decades dream of a peaceful region governned by an au "
"Parang twins sila ng wax! Amazing! &lt;3 "
"Antoinette Jadaone NEVER NOT LOVE YOU is one of the best-written Filipino romance films ever. "
" filipino timee"
"The Filipino people's revolutionary armed struggle for national and social liberation in the past 50 years "
"Treb Monteras RESPETO is seriously one of the most flawless Filipino films ever. "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"looking forward to Filipino psych!! "
"Luhh aww, bkt di ka achiever?? sayang naman  Dahil sa Filipino Pero it owkie, bawi nalang ako sa 4thh "
"  I can sing but.... I'm a Filipino.... Sad lifw "
" : so you're telling me that  is a Filipino? omayghad, let's be moots please"
"ATTY. GLENN CHONG'S TRIBUTE to our HEROES - The Overseas Filipino Worker... "
"Filipino time "
"  as part filipino, I feels"
" : LOOK: Character design for new Filipino Marvel superhero Wave "
"LET'S GET THIS STRAIGHT EVERY FILIPINO STUDENT TUWING BAKASYON WALANG PERA. "
"    Maria Ressa arrested becos she violates Anti Dummy Law. This Law re "
"My Filipino hero. "
"Rappler rapped: Duterte targets intrepid Filipino investigative journos who report on the strongman's deadly drug c "
"filipino time :&gt;"
"  as a filipino, i second this"
" Markado ka na gretchen na isa sa mga kaiinisan ko habambuhay dahil sa pagpanig kay ressa na isang fake "
"TWO FILIPINO ICONS SPENDING ALEX'S BIHDAY TOGETHER IS THE BEST THING THIS EAH HAS EVER BROUGHT FOH SNNDBDBD "
" : Filipino indie films are really great but needs more support "
" : Filipino journalist  was arrested on charges of illegal ownership of her hard-hitting online publication "
"Uy may filipino pa pala HAHAHAHA lt"
"Filipino journalist  was arrested on charges of illegal ownership of her hard-hitting online publication "
"Kilala nyo po si Mayo suzuki? Japanes girl daw na nalink sa filipino ex bf ni dara.  hindi haha i dont keep myself "
"Pinapanood ko bloopers ng shooting namin sa filipino, tangina tawa ako ng tawa hahahahhahahahaha"
"okay Allmo$t is my fav filipino boy band"
"binatang filipino yeah"
"FILIPINO PRIDE ADVOCATE SERIES:-awarded actress Iza Calzado shared to Good News Pilipinas things people don' "
" :  What right? To destroy our President? And our country? She's not even a Filipino. What the hell is she doing"
" : Filipino movies will always put me in my feels :/"
"Best in Filipino?  ba pwedeng best in ur heart nalang? charought,, nananadya buset"
"Took a few minutes from work to support local Filipino products by unveiling Markina handmade Godfather shoes in Ce "
"Binata nga dalagang filipino, ye?? "
"yea same if u mean Naiiyak din ako kapag may nakikita akong umiiyak sa harap ko.(well, it is true na 'di nakaba "
"So this prof from Kindai talked to me in the welcome party just to say that I am the only Filipino in the universit "
" : Another Filipino achievement that the whole world will be recognized! "
" Isn't it more of a filipino culture still living with your parents til your married"
"Best in Filipino Honors "
"We, Filipino Alessiens just can't wait to see you   I hope you'll think of adding tour dates here. We "
"  Don't talk back to me Filipino nurse? More like every Filipino ever. :)"
"Ho clarifies that UHC Act does not mean lahat libre. Every Filipino family's health spending is predictable; P "
" Same like whitewashed Filipino mindset with regards to China."
"Riverdale or Filipino comedy moviesv  Riverdale po HAHAHHAA "
"grabeng filipino yan puros speaking infront naman na neyyy"
"My Teacher of nearly 30yrs (1991) Guro _terry_barnett sharing his knowledge of Filipino Knife defence with us, Sat "
" Hi jk!!!  means... You can get nosebleed like if you use full English language. So it's necessary s "
"toxic Filipino mentality:  nakita kang tumaba buntis ka, kapag wala kang pwet dika virgin, kapag nakitang kas "
" : I strongly encourage my fellow Filipino-Kiwis to be active in voluntarism support of our communities, and New Zealand as a who"
"ate nya yan? mukhang di filipino"
"   Yes , parents are Indonesian.  Naturalized as American and Fil citizen. I wo "
" : Elago: Ito ang hamon na hinaharap satin sa panahon na pinapasukan ng mga malalaking politcal dynasties, politicians, at bus"
" the toxic filipino culture only used facebook as a medium to express their toxicity, but you are right ab "
"30. Happy for you by jayda. Night. Yea. Number 1. Que sera sera. Diko hater pero I'm not into kpop j "
"My filipino ass decided to cut the last slice of cake left in the break room into thirds and take the 1/3. But then "
"I strongly encourage my fellow Filipino-Kiwis to be active in voluntarism support of our communities, and New Zeal "
"Finally finished this thread of Poems written by poets of different star signs . I wanted to feature more youn "
"Casino news | Filipino operator's results up. "
" half Filipino??? KAMUSTA KA MABUTIIII!!! HELLO MAAM SIR WELCOME TO MCDONALDS!! MAGANDA SUSU "
"samoka sa filipino time uy"
"happy ayo ko, after pila ka years, na award ra jud sako ang Best in Filipino  sugod elementary ko na na gipangandoy "
"Filipino parents teacher their children to become a grade-conscious person eye"
"Filipino inspired "
"What my 1yo eats in a day | Filipino version "
"  Yes. And her momma  she's truly half filipino."
"Watch: Why Los Angeles Has the Most Exciting Filipino Food in America "
" eh the filipino society toxicity has been wide spread on fb,,,,, I don disagree with you but clearly, "
"Dr. Beverly Ho: Kung hindi lahat libre, the two features we would like to ensure are: .) Every Filipino family is "
"toxic filipino family culture?  pag achiever isa sa members ng family, dapat ikaw din. kung magaling siya, dapat i "
"To all incoming grade 11 students: suggest magready na kayo ng research titles, english at filipino, tapos connected sa strand niyo. "
"Currently in the remittance center and all I been hearing for the past 10min is people speaking in Filipino. Bri "
""
"Kung may Dalagang Filipina  meron ding Filipino. "
" :  This alien  think can get away from her crimes, just because she is an American citizen s"
"can we all even agree na magkaroon ng Filipino Cinematic Universe? Tapos kasama d si Gagamboy, Exodus, Volta, Ca "
"Aww. I also cried when I was in Batanes. It was a fun trip, but also deeply emotional. It showed the BEST of the Fi "
"Pwede po humingi ng refresher course for da Filipino language? Tnx"
"  well isn't she half filipino from her grandparents?"
"Filipino who walked around "
"Shifu Kanishka Combatives Filipino Martial Arts is a Blend of Pekiti Tirsia Kali, Balintawak, Contemporary JKD and "
" :  Good for this woman. Go back to where you come from. You are not a Filipino by blood and by heart."
"Q from : How do we veer away from the norm among Filipino families that women are more inferior than men?"
"  Didn she renounce her being Filipino also?"
"No makeup yet so simply beautiful !!! My Queen has truly has some filipino blood in her system!! Sh "
"KOTA KINABALU:  A 37-year-old Filipino who tried to kill an Australian homestay operator in Tamparuli, Tuaran, two "
"Meet , Puppet Theater Manila artistic director, advocate, and girl extraordinaire. "
"Actually normal lang naman na binabali yung words sa filipino songs. One example is yung sa  or yung nauuso "
" Isn't it also your responsibility, as a Filipino, to be involved and to take action to whats happening "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"Been watching filipino movies all over again and crying at the same time gaaahhhhhdddd  talaga ng luha mo ineng Maria "
" Chinese ofw!!!???? Meron palang chinese overseas filipino workers!!!??? Talaga ngang magkapartido kayo n "
" OP says they ain't bashing, and if u see their replies, gusto niya naman raw matuto ng Filipino. I "
"Wait,  is half-Filipino???"
" : A trailblazer in the field of Philippine sustainable architecture, Liza Morales Crespo is building a legacy that will impact"
"ang galing mag emcee ni Ms. P  stan an almost Filipino teacher "
"Ano na ayaw nyo pa ba pirmahan clearance namin sa filipino pano naging fake yung nakikita namn nag fifilm kami ehh "
"  Hahaha! That tiring old lines. Kung shoplift pa yan sa mall at nadakip sisigaw din yan n "
"There Maria Ressa. It's not about weaponizing Facebook. Stop your lies! This is about the PDR's you issued for a fo "
" : 11 Filipino artists to exhibit new works in London Filipino contemporary artists will exhibit their works in Motions of"
" defend press freedom?!  is not even 100% Filipino owned which is in violation of the Cons "
" : How Americans talk to each other VS. How Asians/Filipino talk to each other  "
" : It a #pinoy take over w/  at the #glaadawards  #callherganda #superstore #crazyrichasians #filipino #gays"
"Toxic Filipino Culture: "
"Last time I checked, we are all still free to speak against, criticize, and challenge authority. Although, we are n "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"Filipino people only "
"Panorama of Filipino Cinema featured at the Cambodian Int Film Fest: "
" :  Hi! Im royal pepsi, a filipino artist  I like to draw random things that i like and im still practicing everyday"
"PRESS RELEASE PARA SA OFW, SISIYASATIN NG ABAKADA  ng Abakada Party-List ang lahat ng mga po "
"so nagchat ako ng di ko kakilala sa fb kasi nagshare siya ng the office related post. sobrang rare kasi na may fi "
"Among Hunghong alang sa Kalinaw: An Open Letter to the Filipino People from the Stewards of the Lands, MountainsK, "
" BAKA MA TULUYAN KA typical Filipino saying"
"Throwback... Facebook etiquette fail: Are Singaporeans getting fed up with Filipino guest workers?   "
"11 Filipino artists to exhibit new works in London Filipino contemporary artists will exhibit their works i "
"During our filipino time:'am: ok para fair papalitan ko kapair niyo ako pipili then she started to pick one by o "
"Pinoy injured in San Francisco drive-by shooting #FillmoreDistrict "
"The amount of potential Filipino HipHop has... man.... "
"is my #birthday today. happy birthday to me, swaby  &amp; , gabriella &amp; filipino king cristian. "
"Let the name NICANOR GABUNADA JR be etched in the mind of every Filipino to signify perfidy and treason to our demo "
"15 mins to gooo~~~...pero siyempre, FILIPINO TIME hehehe#MNL483rdsingle"
"Maria Ressa Biography - Maria Ressa is a Filipino journalist, and the CEO and Executive Editor of Rappler, a social "
"one of my ULTIMATE pet peeves is READING FILIPINO COMMENTS SECTIONS RE THE WAY WOMEN DRESS. Puta and so many people "
"Maria Ressa Biography - Maria Ressa is a Filipino journalist, and the CEO and Executive Editor of Rappler, a social "
"We the sovereign Filipino people-- pisteng yawaaa "
"  But the question persists...  are Chinese workers WOH MORE than Filipino workers i "
"Sana yung accounting parang org, grabe ang laki ng tinaas. My filipino and research grades cant relate"
" maybe delete this tweet in a while? idk though they're family and filipino they will 99.99% br "
"Opo , isa isa po hahaha  Classroom officer leadership awardee,best in filipino,social studies,religion &amp; tle,campu "
"For today modern #Darna, six Filipino fashion designers reimagine her trademark red and gold costume. "
"Still the best Filipino made track in recent years "
"filipino nalang kulang"
" tunay na laban ng buhay ay nasa labas ng eskwela. Importante ang abilidad at diskarte na wala sa curriculum, k "
"+ tapos pag nanonood kami ng k-dramas we continue to hear the same things...well alam niyo why i watch k-dramas? "
" saved people??? yes, but at the expense of FILIPINO CHILDREN??? how insensitive can you be "
"        "
"I didn get a 4.0 dun sa papel na yun but at least I wrote in Filipino and I did it all BY MYSELF. Di ko kinailang "
"Convo with papa: ang call time namin 5, bakit wala padin sila? : Welcome to the philippines time kasi"
"umiyak ako sa filipino "
"izzz 2019 break the filipino time attitude zjahzhbzabahaj"
" PS I'm Filipino and I can see through all our bullshit as a race. Sad you can't."
"just a disclaimer: wala po itong kinalaman sa mga naka-barong kaninang filipino "
" Yeah you were born here, but you didn't stay here and experience all the shit we went through. So yo "
" : Nung nagtetest ako sa filipino may nakita ako.'Ang taong nasusugatan lalong tumatapang.'"
" But still infinitely better than Brussel Sprouts...(with apologies to my favourite Filipino restaurant t "
"From the new  's strip about #SigawDarna  could imagine this panel is the Filipino take on This "
"Since i didnt grow up in the Philippines and only learned filipino when i was in the 2nd grade (kinda studied here "
"Like whether he sits next to me on purpose or just happens to end up near me, they all have to call him out and sin "
"chinese? or filipino?  Chinese all the way "
" : i found the cutest photo series by filipino artist, edward niebert III, and it's called las islas filipinas where he re"
"Breakfast buffet at  includes Filipino food too like pork tocino and chicken tapa! Very different tha "
"Fumiya and brothers  GUYS REACTS  FILIPINO ACTRESS!!!!!!!!!!!!!! "
" &lt;Filipino once left the chat&gt;  PHILIPPINES are waiting!!! "
" : We're practically 2 weeks away from qualifiers for possibly the biggest esport event in history and the game is so far fro"
"Revolutionary greetings to the NEW PEOPLE ARMY (NPA) on the 50th anniversary of its founding. We hope for the spe "
"Pero kapag sumikat na, makiki Filipino pride kayo. Napakatoxic eh "
" the peanut lover and the best filipino leader naks. "
" : facebook is not toxic, the filipino society is "
"Parang gusto ko rin hmm.*Pero iba sa binatang filipino na hinahanap ni bewil HAHAHAHAHAHA* "
" Lamudi_PH A trailblazer in the field of Philippine sustainable architecture, Liza Morales Crespo is building a "
"Filipino"
" Pag ma cutean buring agad? TOXIC Filipino culture"
" :  U.S Ambassador of the Philippines Sung Kim noted the 7% increase of Filipino students studying abroad and is"
" : I'M DYING LMAOOOO     "
"A trailblazer in the field of Philippine sustainable architecture, Liza Morales Crespo is building a legacy that wi "
"Experts say 20 percent of Filipino children are underweight and the Philippines ranks ninth in the world for the nu "
" A Filipino who makes sense!"
"Pinakilala ako ng bebeq sa Filipino teacher niya, inenterview akooo at nag advise  waaaah..bye "
" :  said you be here in ten minutes  of all, I Filipino."
"xia has costa rican chinese and filipino blood ?"
"42. Wala pa yung as in gusto ko talaga :---( peeo kung maconcert man ako sana sarong filipino rock band"
"Ngayon ko lang narealize. Nagkatotoo sabi nila nung kaming tatlo nalang nahuli nung exam sa filipino. "
" Jollibee  it not authentic Filipino but it like a famous Filipino fast food place here"
"Filipino languages are so cool though, fuck. know very little. But yeah, I know some Malaysian and that occasiona "
" Pork Ribs Kaldereta  Pinoy Tagalog Filipino Recipe  Pork "
"filipino na mukang tutunganga na naman ako "
"ito yung filipino horror film na hindi boring! (nakakapag pigil hininga)  lume-level sa mga hollywood horror "
"i knew u were asian but i didn't know u were filipino episode 6 season 3 of my uni life"
" Pero kasi sa perspective ko naman, di ko maimagine blackpink nagtatagalog kaya hirap ako  kaya ko mag "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"'Child sex tourism': Perth man jailed for 11 years for molesting Filipino girl overseas "
"In the 40th anniversary gala celebration of Jewelmer, the luxury Filipino jewelry brand unveiled a new, modern logo "
"Pichi Pichi - a Filipino delicacy which is made of mixed grated cassava, sugar and coconut juice. It is being steam "
" !!! Young Filipino hero team where their HQ entrance is in various tambayan places like sa may tiange"
"Filipino pala si Oliver dito"
"JDS has invited three promising young Filipino scholars from different government agencies in the #Philippines to t "
"language exchanged Filipino student at McDonald. I on a diet but we ate a chicken cheese burger with french fries "
" MNL48 is a Filipino idol girl group and the fifth international sister group of AKB48, after Indonesia "
"Ayon kay Remulla, dapat nang suspendehin ang operasyon ng PITX habang wala pa ang Light Rail Transit-Cavite extensi "
"Nakakainlove filipino youtubers., paaaaaam and jerichoooooo. Ugh!! Kahit manood na lang ako maghapon:)"
"I love how stan twt collectively know putangina even if they're not Filipino xD the power of that pambansang mura"
" very filipino blahblahblah alams na hehe#AceDARRENonMTWI"
" Parang kilala ko yung lalaki may napanood ako na movie n'ya sa may fox filipino"
"Move over, the women are here to save the day. the newest female-centric Filipino action film, MARIA, starri "
"Misuari led a siege of a Filipino city that left the place in shambles and families with loved ones to burry. Threa "
" : Marriage is not just a porridge that you spit out if it's too hot - Filipino Prover"
"we were supposed to meet up at 2,,, yall are taking filipino time seriously im "
"Is this a Saarinen building? No - it's by local Filipino national architectural hero Zaragoza  #architecture "
"   PUKING INA KANG TAG-TUYOT NA ULIKBA SA ILALIM NG ARAW NA AMERIKANANG HILAW! UMA "
"#CitizenServices is the Filipino access to diverse information on civil registration, passport application, and o "
"eto na naman si kuyang quintessential example ng Filipino Crab mentality "
" Overseas Filipino Worker (OFW) is a term often used to refer to Filipino migrant workers, people with Fili "
" Senior Tourism Promotion Manager of #EasternFrance Tourism Agency, takes center stage presenting "
"Nicole Derilo, signing off as your Filipino Club President &amp;&amp; SSG Peace Officer. "
"Before and after lol  Apu Authentic Filipino Buffet &amp; Events Place "
"sa ginikanan aron gamay nalang ug mabayran sa future school nga gi planong skwelahan, nawala. Pero kay lagi Filipin "
"Toxic culture ng Filipino:-Lack of Appreciation"
" : Maraming salamat po Madlang Pips ng Casino Filipino Angeles sa oras na binigay nyo sakin. Sobrang saya ko!  Love u all! h"
"As part of  Military Appreciation Night, the  team honored 103-year-old Filipino veteran Liban Brillante "
"Elago: Ito ang hamon na hinaharap satin sa panahon na pinapasukan ng mga malalaking politcal dynasties, politicians "
" Hi  you please try reacting to a Filipino girl group 4th Power/4th Impact Raise the roof with Jess "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"  Yeah I was like, idk if  was a literal translation for kuya cuz I never considered i "
" : Filipino consumers and businessmen turned more upbeat in the first quarter of the year. |  "
"hi nawawala pa rin filipino book ko baka may nakakita :(("
" : potanginang filipino na to oyyy mao ra juy pirme ubos 86 "
" : *filipino time. Frialde: Ang dalawang panauhin ay... [medj maingay sa bandang likod] Teka andaming panauhin sa likod*"
"Dalagang Filipina pero boses ng Binatang Filipino. #forReal"
"potanginang filipino na to oyyy mao ra juy pirme ubos 86 "
" : Honestly,  MST is the only filipino teleserye na sinubaybayan at pinanood ko mula simula hanggang sa pagwawakas ngayong a"
" : (American Voice) hairy padder(British Voice)  pouhta (Australian Voice) hay putta(Filipino Voice) hari paterr("
"Kara Taggaoa, League of Filipino Students: Parehas na ginagamit ni Duterte ang online at on-ground na mga aksyon pa "
"Senator Bam Aquino commends the Registered Financial Planners (RFP) for producing leading events that instills fina "
"exams nalang :))) and yung sa filipino :)) ay meron pa pala sa ap huhuhu"
"so i submitted the postal id application form sa encoder and while reviewing she asked pa talaga if Filipino ba daw "
"soro noun meaning fox in Filipino #Filipino #fox"
"'Child sex tourism': Perth man jailed for 11 years for molesting Filipino girl overseas "
"ngano walay info about filipino fig pie sa internet oi!!!"
" : hmm parang gusto ko ng binatang filipino, yea"
" it a filipino song and this is the pose that they do when the song comes on hehe"
"Kara Taggaoa, League of Filipino Students: Parehas na ginagamit ni Duterte ang online at on-ground na mga aksyon pa "
"HAHAHAHAHA! PAANO BA YUNG PALAKNG FILIPINO? SI ENA NA MAGAADJUST HAHAHAHAHA "
"LOOK: Character design for new Filipino Marvel superhero Wave "
"I call on the Filipino people to support the remaining bastions of democracy. Press freedom is not only for journal "
"YES! PURE FILIPINO!"
"So she is Wave, Marvel first Filipino heroine. "
"I get treated like royalty by all my Filipino coworkers, they call me handsome and just make me feel good about myself every day"
"A Filipino PR practitioner is in the center of the discussion on Facebook's latest purge of accounts and pages enga "
"Dear Rosie | #CHAENNIE Drabble Special | #RosesAreRosieDay  in Filipino://t.co/Xl295wLsMu"
"Big-hearted Filipino man taking on mammoth 346k run for most noble of reasons "
"Congratulations  for being the first Filipino to have a wax figure in madametussaudshongkong!  h "
"One of our new Filipino nurses is called Paul so I taken to calling him Eyeball Paul and let me tell ya, explain "
"*naka 75 sa filipino*: dalagang pilipina yeh"
" I find it admirable, the way she embraces Filipino culture despite of living abroad. As an immigrant who' "
"palakang filipino ata ang akin dapat. #MystifiedOnIFLIX "
" :   name: Mico Gascar Pederio: Cong, Ico: 20 years old: 11/08/98 of Birth: Qu"
"Cyst, sleeping beauty daw ako, maganda lang pag tulog aminado naman ako na natutulog ako tuwing filipino time HAHAHAHA"
"Dalagang Pilipina Challenge is the proof that Filipino people is soo pabebee "
" : HEADS UP FILIPINO INSOMNIAS !!!![] Birthday Cake and Video Project!! Day PhilSomnia!! PHILIPPINE"
"Cavite segment of #CALAX breaks ground. So good to see top Filipino companies in #BuildBuildBuild "
" : Here in the PH, for example, our standards of beauty are heavily influenced by colonialism. Hence, beautiful girls are t"
"notta b controversial since theres alot of stuff goin around abt race/blackfacing in cosplay: as a Filipino "
"IF FILIPINOS ARE STILL AMERICAN BY BLOOD AND SOIL FROM THEIR PARENTS GRANDPARENTS OF THE AMERICAN ERA 1898-1946...I "
"Congratulations to all the SMEs featured in the Masarap Nga! Meet and Eat by  and ! "
"The Oldest Convent in Asia is in Lazi, Siquijor. will see a museum inside the convent with full of antique reli "
"Luis Enano Yee Jr. is a pioneering figure in the installation art movement in PH. Although now retired, he has not "
" yeah i agree with your point earlier, me and my friend had a discussion on how it's helpful for "
"Toxic Filipino mindset: "
" Yupp. Atleast magkakasundo tayo about sa blackpink and other YG artists. Haha and may makakausap n "
"Very disturbing. Am I still a Filipino? "
"We, as Australia should bring her here and look after her! Australia is responsible for her continued welfare! "
"HEADS UP FILIPINO INSOMNIAS !!!![] Birthday Cake and Video Project!! Day PhilSomnia!! "
"Here in the PH, for example, our standards of beauty are heavily influenced by colonialism. Hence, beautiful girls "
"Okay nata to , piste akong filipino ka gamay haha weakness"
"Nothing sexier than a man who can discuss world history with me--or better yet, argue about Philippine history, whe "
"Grabe Toxic talaga mga filipino. Kung ano ano sinasabi sa Zstars ah. Andami nanaman naiinggit sakanila haysssss"
"*laughs in tagalog = filipino language* aNG CUTE, TANGINA- "
"My senator exposing the truth about how this government is favoring the Chinese government to the detriment of the "
" Sa research namin sa Filipino sinasummary ko lang yung interview na ginawa namin"
"UNPOPULAR OPINION: RELATIVES ARE VERY TOXIC &amp; TWO FACED. U DON'T KNOW IF THEIR TREATMENT TOWARDS UR FAMIL "
"So happy to have sold 36 books today. Personally delivered a book to a Filipino family living in Melbourne. A colle "
"wondering why was i dreaming about texting with jowa jaemin in filipino just before i woke up"
"temporary pinned tweet! I'm Erika and I'm a Filipino American illustration student! I'm a lover of lore, the supern "
" in school it required for us to speak english but I usually just mix english w filipino so pretty much everyday lol"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"Napakabait niyang baby na yan sa teleserye, hindi toyoin.  Naiyak tuloy si Tatay Boyet. Mami-miss ka rin naman, Bab "
"you can always ask for translations though (this also goes out to my non-speaking-filipino mutuals!). we're more th "
"in behalf of every single filipino in this app, sorry po DKLGJFKLJGK "
"a korean lady told jd and i we not stereotypical filipino and we asked how so and she said  guys don have big nose and i"
"facebook is not toxic, the filipino society is "
"Oh so the #ateEden caption used by Anna Park in her ig pics really means big sister. She used a Filipino word omg I'm so proud HAHAHA"
"toxic filipino culture?  pag marami kang kaibigan na lalake pokpok ka "
" : Well done to my team in CDO for the successful 3rd National Health Sector Meeting. Health regulation is a key component of #U"
" /dril - "
"I feel like you can reeeally see my part Filipino coming out in this pic and I love it. ..thanks mom for wiping o "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
" Ytff: *invites more annoying ass filipino youtubers*"
"A silvana is a Filipino dessert. It is a frozen cookie made from a layer of buttercream sandwiched between two cash "
"Recently told I look Uzbek. Maybe a little Asian. Mongolian. South Russian. Kind of like my cousin too, so maybe a "
"The home of Filipino films - #CinemaCentenario Lineup of movies for April 2019.[a thread] #WelcomeHome "
" Filipino here! I cannot wait!"
" Yes. His mum is. You can even see it from his eyes. His sister looks more Filipino. His dad was very famo "
"Holy shit the first 2 episodes"
" : Lmaooo this lady in front of me is telling me how her son asked her for money to get his gf an outfit and she said oka"
"Owner of NYC-based Filipino restos Jeepney and Maharlika, Nicole's cookbook 'I Am a Filipino' lands on the prestigi "
"if my kid talks back to me i not afraid to whoop his ass filipino style "
"***me watching fumiyam vlog***: i will teach you ...... How to eat Filipino : mesherep ba yun??? "
" Anlakas ko magsabi ng filipino pride kala mo may ambag sa bansa eh HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHA "
"Akalain mo yun babang naging top 6 kapa sa filipino  samantalang laging kang tulala sa classroom at panood nood ka "
"I follow a lot of Filipino people and I love seeing the mix of Tagalog and English in tweets. It's so cool they sea "
"KAKAMPI MO ANG BATAS.SYNDICATED, FILIPINO. 29 MARCH 2019 Ihahalal mo ba ang lapastangang pulitiko?  (see "
"Salute to Filipino rural women farmers under  for playing a key role in building a strong peasant mov "
" :    Pq no tendr yo esa suerte de cruzarme con estos tipejos. Xdsss bendito. Vaya oportunidad"
" : Great evening introducing our  delegates, who are in the Philippines for a week-long  exchange, to emer"
"I sure appreciate my Tlingit/Filipino brother Xeetli.esh teaching me so much! Blessed to be here on these beautiful "
"Three of the most fantastic Filipino voices you find. Like the setlist OMG!!!#TheAces   "
"Perth man jailed for molesting Filipino girl overseas "
"Filipino Millennials talk about LOVE and CAREER. Can they choose? IT HERE://t.co/CugFLulCto "
"English or filipino#WonderfulJourney4LAYF"
"FOR PUBLIC ELEMENTARY AND SECONDARY SCHOOLS: INVITATION TO JOIN IKA-10 PAMBANSANG KONGRESO SA WIKA AT PANITIKANG FI "
" although i am a light skinned Filipino, i find it stupid that people think some girl is prettier just "
"Itigil ang pagmina sa lupang minana. [Pagsalin sa Filipino] Lumad ang naaapektuhan sa pagmimina ng kanila "
"yes pakyu is just the filipino pronunciation for fuck you but turning up the volume and saying PAKYU KA TALAGA! is snappy"
"At the same time our bananas can enter , Chinese ships enter our territorial waters unchecked and Chinese constru "
" : Filipino : sabayang bigkas : sabayang bagsak"
"Wtf..... Filipino hiphop is taking over my life."
"'Child sex tourism': Perth man jailed for 11 years for molesting Filipino girl overseas "
"At least 30 percent of the 350,000 jobs that Japan will open to foreigners will be available to Filipino workers.://t.co/9xZrjDfB3u"
"quick psa to my filipino mcu mutuals: please go check this thread out! it vv informative and entertaining! get to "
"KAKAMPI MO ANG BATAS.SYNDICATED, FILIPINO. 29 MARCH 2019 mo ba ang lapastangang pulitiko?"
"#realestate #usa #highestreturns #saudiarabia #realtor #bahrain #investment #italy #greatestvalue #europe "
"#DayoftheLandless2019Filipino farmers &amp; peasant women remain landless. Worse, monopoly control on vast tracks of "
" Hi! Im royal pepsi, a filipino artist  I like to draw random things that i like and im still practicing "
" : Gran reflexi de  en un texto breve pero conciso. Si un filipino puede llegar a tal conclusi (pese a l"
"Filipino journalist Maria Ressa has been arrested multiple times on clearly propped up charges since Duterte took p "
" entre la tropi!!....los aguacates con tomate...y el quesito tierno ..te has puesto fino filipino...."
"PIA WUZBACH makes History by being First Filipino to have WAX FIGURE a... "
" : Yamyam is a reflection of Filipino majority who dream big for the family...#PBB8FamiLAYF"
"Maymay embraced the role and brought love and joy to the Aeta community as she gained inspiration in return not jus "
" : Oy, yung mga plastic dyan magpakatotoo na. Char. News: Filipino Biologists Found Plastic-Eating Bacteria in Zambale"
"Just factory reset my old phone damn oppo actually acknowledges Filipino for a system wide language option for that"
"KAKAMPI MO ANG BATAS.SYNDICATED, FILIPINO. 29 MARCH 2019 mo ba ang lapastangang pulitiko? INSPIRASYON S "
"8 Things Filipino Parents Need to Know Once the 'Child Car Seats Law' Is Implemented "
" The problem with filipino carpenters is ang hirap nilang kausap.  Tokis kumbaga. Nasa mas madaling kaus "
"We seeing twins!     "
"Filipino love korea  hate filipino  or not ????"
" :  Kindly react to a Filipino girl group 4th Power/4th Impact Raise the roof with Jessie J hit Auditions W"
" :  Hello  you please try reacting to 4 Filipino girl group  4th Power/4th Impact on X Factor UK http"
" :  Hello Coach Ken  you please react to a Filipino girl group 4TH IMPACT sings NEVER ENOUGH "
"Omg! I hope i can get my Album too  Filipino Vampz who wants to Order Pm us! #THRILLA_KILLA #VAV "
" :  Hello Would you please try reacting to a Filipino girl group 4th Power/4th Impact Raise the roof with Jessie J"
" :  Hi Coach, Can you react to this NEVER ENOUGH by a Filipino Sisters 4TH IMPACT "
"oh johnny, i'm so sorry my filipino ass did this "
" While you're all hear let me endorse cinema centenario. They only showcase quality Filipino films and "
" :  Hello  you do a reaction video to a Filipino girl group sings NEVER ENOUGH by 4TH IMPACT "
"Should I laugh? Should I be worry? Filipino humour - like it or hate it #BastaPinoy #FilipinoHumour "
" :  Hello Rylie  Kindly react to a Filipino girl group 4th Power/4th Impact Raise the roof with Jessie J hit"
"UPCM Batch 2022 made this awesome filipino #Infographics on #sleep #sleepapnea #obstructivesleepapnea #OSA "
"China's population is 3 billion while the PH population is only 105 million. If China deports our OFWs for banning "
"  name: Mico Gascar Pederio: Cong, Ico: 20 years old: 11/08/98 of Bir "
"BE ONE OF US! Estate Opportunity Presentation - Helping you build a winning Real Estate Career in the Philipp "
"I can think of a Filipino friend I have "
"ATTY. GLENN CHONG'S TRIBUTE to our HEROES - The Overseas Filipino Worker... "
" : Honestly some filipino parents "
"Malaca stressed that the government will always respond to the calls of distress from any overseas Filipino wor "
" :  at the Home of Filipino films, #CinemaCentenario from April 10 to 17. #WelcomeHome #SupportPHFilms #PHCinema"
" Sorry na, bobo ako sa filipino HAHAHA"
" what a filipino philosopher u are"
"Every time I watch Filipino movies with mom on  she always tells me chismis about the actors/actresses lol"
"REAL ESTATE OPPOUNITY Presentation You build a WINNING REAL ESTATE Career in the Philippines! :) an "
" Hahahaha standard filipino time pala pasok mo eh"
" : Yesterday we needed a translator for a pt in ED. Within 5 minutes we identified Polish, Maltese, Portuguese, German and"
" : Toxic Filipino Parents:buti pa yung anak ni"
"Malaca stressed that the government will always respond to the calls of distress from any overseas Filipino wor "
"If y ever need to hire dramatic Filipino girls,  and I will be at your service."
"Netflix having Filipino movies is probably the best/worst thing to happen to me. "
" Filipino kalokaaaa"
"Filipino Chicken Adobo (Flavour Kapow!)  Cebu "
"The thing with algorithm. Now I am receiving ads 'getting my attention' to sign up for a dating website. My researc "
" : One of my biggest dreams is to have a film about Filipino Americans in theatres all over the US. - Maritte Go..."
"me: san pwede mag download ng filipino movies?: pornhub ash: youjizz tanga gelo: ang babastos nyo, sa "
"so nice to see two person with good heart and good intension to the filipino people "
" Tingin ko sa all filipino confe nila kukunin si maddie."
"There a a Filipino lass who DJs in Boston Bar and smashes out 80s stuff. She the happiest woman I ever seen. "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
" Diwang Filipino Awardee Service Awardee Awardee you St. James, you will always have a sp "
"Igado is a Filipino dish with pork tenderloin, green peas, and bell peppers in a tangy and savory sauce for an easy "
"   Pq no tendr yo esa suerte de cruzarme con estos tipejos. Xdsss bendito. Vaya "
" : What else is there to say that hasn't been said? Ulan is pretty good! It's so refreshing to see a film that's so deeply"
" : The greatest enemy of the Philippines the filipino people itself."
"Filipinos, in general, are known for their perseverance, hard work and diligence. Do you require manpower recruitme "
"School Nurse         Moh / Dha License Or Registered         Filipino Female- UAE- Dubai &amp; Abu Dhabi"
"Never talaga ako umagree na Adobo ang pambansang ulam ng Pinas kasi spanish influence yun. Dapat Kare-kare! KARE-KARE kase legit Filipino OG"
" at the Home of Filipino films, #CinemaCentenario from April 10 to 17. #WelcomeHome #SupportPHFilms "
" Filipino time nephew"
"My theory is that A. Filipinos don't understand the commercial. Or B.  used an NBA player who is half Fili "
"But that's,,,,,,,, that's not what ph mangoes look like,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,I mean,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,How is this a Filipino "
"Filipino twinks can do it too "
"craving filipino desserts"
" That exactly what I saying though. From my experience and perspective it like I inferior for being "
"I paid for the seats via credit card and all I wanted is an invoice/confirmation. I was very disappointed with t "
" : Lee Kum Kee #3SecretsToLevelUpSarap of Filipino "
"Binatang Filipino yeah, "
"maybe it time for u to learn filipino then "
"Well done to my team in CDO for the successful 3rd National Health Sector Meeting. Health regulation is a key compo "
"the story of the two princes is originally from my filipino sns au titled thank you, wrong number but i'm plannin "
"Actually, sobra akong nag ki-cringe sa mga videos nya pero??????? Filipino naman sya e????????? That doesn't mean n "
"Huhuhu sana kumapit wag lang line of 7 please filipino :((("
"One of the biggest liars in the Philippines, having fooled millions of Filipino social media users into believing D "
" : Filipino MMA star sets foot in Japanese territory to defend ONE title in overdue rematch vs Aoki | By  "
"Filipino nowadays tsk tsk"
" How u know his Filipino? "
"first time nako nahadlok ug filipino horror movie. WA CHAR!!!"
"essay in filipino? huhu sorry pero maglisod jud"
"Samokas friday, nc mn unta tong old sched! 2hours mn unta tong vacant, karon double period namis filipino yawa samo "
"Hirap talaga pag-unawa. Hypocrites can PLEASE everyone. hate to say this but the Filipino society is really garb "
" : WAIT FILIPINO MOVIES ON NETFLIX?? I late asf "
"This gay dude start kissing me on the neck telling me he wanna take a cute Filipino boy home roflmaoooo"
" I never said it was all about the half Filipino boys tho. And by putting this divide between full vs hal "
" : the day i date a filipino is the day the world ends"
" : Live footage of me binge watching Filipino romance movies on Netflix.  I am addicted and I am here for it. "
"why does felix look like some dude that would be in jollibee or those filipino hotdog commercials "
" : Filipino movies on Netflix are taking over my life"
"#MyPhBoy ctto 2 operator.://t.co/2Hgz6zISe5 my accounts ig/tw  fb/yt  My Ph B "
"My parents after binging on Filipino movies on Netflix "
"    kailangan daw English tayo kasi she  is an American "
"I can stop thinking about that time I was in Japan for two weeks and when I came back I literally forgot how to s "
"Ang ginagawang terminal ay unang bahagi lamang ng -phase expansion plan. Inaasahan ang ibayong pag-unlad sa G "
" : Gotta see more Filipino animated films like taena andaming magagaling artists sa Pilipinas na di lang makapagproduce kasi wa"
"I mad I watched a Filipino movie on Netflix cause I wanted something lighthearted and I ended up crying my eyes out lmaooo"
"Bruh this filipino couple be too much af. The husband just literally exposed his wife laying in bed with some guy a "
" : dalagang filipino yeah"
" Kasabot na ako pero gamay lang. May mga bloopers lang ako sa same words sa Filipino pero iba meaning sa Bisaya. HAHAHAHA"
" please tell me you're going to comeback to Manila! We need to here these new songs live! I hope y'all did "
"Australians who travel to Asian countries and sexually abuse girls have been warned the law will catch up with them "
" sex tourism: Perth man jailed for 11 years for molesting Filipino girl "
" :  The media industry is a  industry in the Philippines, that, some oligarchs owned &amp; used them to adva"
" : You had to make a whole ass tweet about your thoughts on a whole ass race as if you knew every Filipino out there. Lmao"
"  Always remember that  background:  first, Filipino second T "
"I just met  and my lil Filipino heart is so happy rn "
"Honestly,  MST is the only filipino teleserye na sinubaybayan at pinanood ko mula simula hanggang sa pagwawakas nga "
" Support Filipino bloggersssss"
"alam niyo ba kung ano nalang problema sa chap 1 ko??? ung salin ng word na pacing sa Filipino di ko "
" : Kung hindi nyo alam ang totoo, manahimik kayo. Toxic filipino shits"
"Three of the most fantastic Filipino voices you find. Like the setlist OMG!!!#TheAces "
" It is awesome...And since so many of my Hawaiian Ohana have Filipino roots, I get the Pinoy hook-u "
" I standing there like  and he like   come on it a Filipino thing YOU ARENT FILIPINO SO DONT SAY THAT.....lmao"
"Kung sabihan ka ng mga ka-work mong 'di Pinoy ng sing us a Filipino song! ano'ng kakantahin mo?: bawal isag "
" A feeling of exhilaration or elation caused by an exciting or romantic experience. I literary google "
" :  to our beloved tatay ng bayan Digong!#Happy74thBirthdayPRRD with love and prayers from the Filipino pe"
" maru pls. you making people think you filipino..."
" : lakas maka dalagang pilipina, 70% naman score sa filipino."
"     Oh I forgot, Filipino ARMY here! "
" Pretty old one .. but the problem is if me and my filipino maid sit on one table and eat .. wo bhee l "
" Japanese   korean   Viet  &amp; Filipino  guys all have weak hearts. I met with them in Pakistan. The "
"if we indeed followed the don't tell girls what to wear, teach men to respect us we could also teach the fil "
"Filipino culture:  they dislike someone they throw insulting words to feel superior/satisfied"
" Reaction Video now up watch my reaction to GAC Sailor  dont forget to Like and SUBSCRIBE "
"her and i dont mix well. she's that type of old filipino lady who's a disgusting classist, racist, nd emit repulsiv "
" : Rey just made a Filipino joke.......and it not funny "
" Jojo vans sounds like a filipino celebrity"
" : Studs and dykes* who ready to dress like some whores this summer "
"Villanueva pushed for the passage of a measure that would require Filipino employers to ensure that at least 80 per "
"You are filipino i thought u were black LMFAO  BITCHSJDH IAM WHATJSJSHSHSH "
" Ikaw na magaleeenggg! Wala akong pag-asa sa math.. Siguro Filipino nlng .. Luv ko ung nagtuturo dun "
"This Hawaiian/Filipino person says pineapples on pizza is not natural. I don't get it."
"85 filipino ahhhhhhhhh"
" filipino boys break hearts and backs"
"Eskenita Foods: A Smoky Corner of Filipino Favorites in Canada - Philippine Canadian Inquirer: "
" : y be so damn horny on this app for what"
" : ..           just dropping down to say"
"What makes you different or weird, that's your strength."
" : Join us for a fun-filled Roadshow as we cap off the work-week with the freshest Wishclusive performances of Filipino bands Kr"
"i hate that i read this in a filipino accent "
" : Most adults have this thing in common called as Thirst of Respect that they tend to call everyone 'bastos' or shame that ce"
"Rey just made a Filipino joke.......and it not funny "
" And the outsourced filipino call centre guy keeps calling me Mod instead of Mohd, the source at least tea "
" : Acculturative Stress as Experienced by Filipino Grandparents in America A Qualitative Study.: The aim of this qualitative stud"
"Filipino got me like "
"Wait I i actually lied, my ex was Filipino and white. Fuck. I failed myself. "
" : I sincerely wish President Duterte good health on his birthday so that he may live long enough to be brought to justice for"
"21. I can speak Filipino (Tagalog), English, and a little bit of Japanese, Ilocano, Pangasinense."
"both suspects are ex child prostitutes. Ginza is a counterfeit japanese citizen. He is mexican and (Thai + Filipino "
" : when you enter somebody instagram live and you the only one in there "
"17 Bad Filipino Habits &amp; Attitudes That Need to Change | News "
" : #VisitaIglesia #philippines Filipino poetry from  "
"  every filipino boy i know dresses like this and think they hot shit "
"Kung hindi nyo alam ang totoo, manahimik kayo. Toxic filipino shits"
"i have an absurb amount of filipino food leftover fml"
"During his time living in the country he groomed, molested and attempted to rape a girl over the course of two-and- "
"ano fav subj mo?  uhm filipino "
"LOOK:  key to immortality is first living a life worth remembering - Bruce Lee was for Miss Unive "
"  The constitution's Filipino ownership margin makes the country less competitive. If we w "
"I'm proud to myself tapos na ko mag TALUMPATI , finals for filipino done "
"What do you cook most often?  Filipino food. Recently I been cooking filipino food I haven done before and th "
"'Child sex tourism': Perth man jailed for 11 years for molesting Filipino girl overseas "
"Filipino time tlga HAHAHA"
" : See how Philippines is becoming a major job for Emerson by provided customer service, engineering, and back office sup"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
" Napanood kung yung isang vid nila dati. Parang di kasi bagay yung pantig ng Filipino sa mga kanta. O "
"As having island blood being a Filipino, this speaks to my spirit. "
"Wow,incredible,#MissUniverse 2015 Pia Wurtzbach is the first ever Filipino who had a wax figure by Madamme Tussauds. "
"  A muchos estudiantes se les atragantan los m cuantitativos, siendo estos de lo m i "
" :  They say this singer is part Filipino I heard. I believe she's from America, but she knows Japanese and has don"
"This food looks amazing!  #Filipino #American : Why Los Angeles Has the Most Exciting Filipino Food "
"   Aw ooh haha hapit gali maptay sa mga kauban ni sir hahahahah nahitabo sita ad "
"recommend ko siphayo filipino indie film.  plot twist na di mo aakalain.  -rated spg"
"Ive been doing low carbs for almost a month but right now I need all the filipino comfort food and that of course includes rice"
"We get knocked down but we are not destroyed. "
" :  V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
" What right? To destroy our President? And our country? She's not even a Filipino. What the hell is she "
" : I am moderating the #healthxph tweet chat tom. Taking a page from #medhumchat . Still working on discu"
"When Filipino journalist Pia Ranada fell into a ditch and injured her leg on election day, May 9, 2016, the preside "
"Manila Grill Restaurant, Filipino Food in Asiana Hotel, . One of the places you can dine in Dubai for grilled "
"Balut! What's your take on this exotic yet classic Filipino street food delicacy?#MindanaoDailyMirror #MDM "
"Honestly my Netflix account lookin like TFC and GMA with all these Filipino movies I been binge watching "
"Manila Grill Restaurant, Filipino Food in Asiana Hotel, dubai. One of the places you can dine in Dubai for grilled "
"Filipino bartender sa Hong Kong hinatulang makulong dahil sa pagpasok sa CR ng babae "
"Rappler is being claimed as not 100% Filipino. Malaca's inner circle even 100% Filipino?"
"What's is your favorite Filipino food and How long you be staying in the Philippines #AskWengie "
"napaka filipino time naman ccc "
"Beauty Therapist / Laser Technician         Filipino Female         Ras Al Khaima- UAE- Dubai &amp; Abu Dhabi"
"I want to understand it right away just like i watching a Filipino or English movies or Dramas "
" : gurl BYE  only filipino intellectuals can understand  "
"Dunkin Donuts or sneakers? ^_^ or both? sneaker brand collaborated with Dunkin in making Saucony X Dunkin Ki "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
" I'm 1/2 filipino and was told about the Manananggal when i was a kid. It's a vampire, that splits in 1/ "
" : LIVE: Filipino Internet Sensation Mikey Bustos with #GoodNewsPilipinasxMikeyBustos #MabuhaySq"
"Filipino boys are the best idk what the rest of Asian Twitter talkin about it them Thai boys that wylin"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"alright can twitter shut the fuck up about filipino guys now we get it they're either ugly or heartbreakers can we "
"'Ang maling paraan ng pagiging maparaan.' Edition  1"
"Oy, yung mga plastic dyan magpakatotoo na. Char. News: Filipino Biologists Found Plastic-Eating Bacteria in Z "
"Manila Grill Restaurant, Filipino Food in Asiana Hotel, Dubai. One of the places you can dine in Dubai for grilled "
"CHEAPEST FILIPINO STREET FOOD! Eating at ROXAS NIGHT MARKET in Davao Phi... "
"lakas maka dalagang pilipina, 70% naman score sa filipino."
"iwant, iflix, and hooq have a more diverse selection of Filipino films than netflix "
" Putang ina mo duterte ang obligasyon mo ay sa interes ng mga Filipino hindi sa mga hindut na intsik "
"#WhatMakesYouRollYourEyes toxic filipino cults"
"With Highest Honor In Math,Science,Araling Panlipunan,English, Filipino and Computer Research Leader for "
"Personally I would support them but not as an institutional leader of the Church, but as a voter, as a Filipino ci "
"Vhong x #EXO a thread: Navarro a Filipino comedian, actor, dancer, singer, judge and a TV host."
" : CONGRATS to the cast and crew of #BitterMelonMovie Hearing Ilocano spoken in a story about 1st generation Filipino Ameri"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
" sisters and a wedding was so good. I loved this Filipino movie. Now, I know I a crier, but I was balling m "
"  This is demand to all Filipino Boys please get a haircut similar to my lil cousin  That Just "
"[Filipino pop culture] My cousin coerced me to be a jejebuster and all those illuminati links towards jejemon had m "
"Parents telling you when you're at Seafood City: "
"i want everyone in the world with a pet or child named milo to know that every time i read it my brain pronounces i "
"He handled health promotion. Kunyari for free pero ginawa niya ito para idikit ang pangalan niya sa DOH.. Rememb "
"V: I like Filipino Women...... V lang tayo may pagasa. #BTS #taehyung #v #TaehyungNews #Filipino #women "
"PAGSASATAO SA FILIPINO... "
" PREGNANT WOMEN SEVEN (7) YEARS OLD AND BELOW and his/her parents and minor siblings FILIP "
"Thank you to the National Commission for Culture and the Arts (NCCA) for inviting Frenchie Dy to perform for the la "
" Filipino pride! Kala mo naman tlga sasali tayo sa MissU noh? "
"Manila Grill Restaurant, Filipino Food in Asiana Hotel, dubai. One of the places you can dine in Dubai for grilled "
"Lrt not filipino but indo solidarity"
"We are Pinoy but why we can't support our Filipino Music Artist ?"
"Na sayang lang yung ginawa kong report  para sa filipino tangina!"
"every time i meet. a new filipino i have the guttural instinct to throw hands unless i know theyre weird and alternative"
"casino filipino angeles "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
""
"filipino bookworms better buy the first three stalking jack the ripper books by kerri maniscalco they're 60% off in "
" I don't think that's specific to Filipino culture, but ok."
"A WARNING TO ALL FILIPINO VOTERS THIS UPCOMING ELECTION "
"Sana pala nagdala ako ng suka, patis, toyo at magic sarap.  pa din filipino food hay"
" :  Fixed it. "
" Long debate naman yan is she represents a true Filipina look. My answer is she doesn look like majority "
" That tweet was worded terribly lol. All the Filipino movies on Netflix have the same two actors as the protagonists"
"i wish netflix had filipino drama series and not just movies "
"  If she transforms to a different person, do you mean into an alien or a different human? Why can't they be Filipino?"
" : send me filipino baddies to follow on IG"
"ATM.. Just watching some vlogs of .. I just love and enjoy watching all her vlogs because there are som "
"Public virus: bad words are filipino sign language fuck! Evil fuck  Phi... "
" Yess  I would love that HAHAHAHAHAHHAH filipino pride "
" : I have no words. I am angry. I am sad. I feel hopeless. But at the same time, the fire in me that wants to keep the journali"
"saying  love you in filipino just hits differently than saying it in english"
"Napakalakas ng pakiramdam ko na filipino time ang aking mga ka schoolmates"
"Berlim  mesmo incr. Ontem conheci um filipino que fala portugu perfeitamente pq  outra vida era brasileiro."
" Sweet couple hi I am a fun I just want to chat of you can I be friend of you same to Tay please pleas "
"Bumblebee Hailee Steinfeld and Glee Darren Criss,both having Filipino blood, among the stars who walked the red "
"filipino is still a filipino kahit ano pang gawin nito na ikakaproud natin as a filipino, you must respect! hehehe "
"Filipino MMA star sets foot in Japanese territory to defend ONE title in overdue rematch vs Aoki | By  "
"Becomin Filipino and Finn Snow"
" Tigilan mo kami ng kaartihan mo  .. Sa ibang bansa walang Filipino ang nakikialam sa batas n "
" was verrry Asian of you. Very Filipino. excuse me"
" :  consulting for foreign workers "
" on : Filipino funny compilations 2019 patay ka sa kakatawa "
"Hwag kang mag inarte sa Pilipinas hindi ka naman Candidate ng Ms. Universe ng kung anong nation para mag inarte jan "
"2:30PM na dili pajud complete ang attendance unya sabot kay 1:00PM WHOOOOOO FILIPINO TIME WHOOOO COMMUNITY ORGANIZING HAHAHAHAHA"
"Nakakalungkot na ang daming pera na nasasayang sa campaign paraphernalia ng mga kandidato. Kung yung pinangpagawa n "
"Only in Philippines you're pretty to your picture and you post it on facebook, filipino/s will comment 'tingi "
" : love this venue. Filipino food in a setting and style that has serious refinement. Dining here is a pleasant experience,"
" : A tan Italian Filipino Mexican baby"
"Sofia Padilla my favorite artwork because the pattern reminds me of traditional Filipino art#xXxy "
"BTS () MAP OF THE SOUL : PERSONA 'Persona' Comeback Trailer Reaction Video | Filipino | Tagalog "
"Manila Grill Restaurant, Filipino Food in Asiana Hotel, Dubai. One of the places you can dine in Dubai for grilled "
"Since people keep asking: I Filipino, Native and white. I know Spanish by default bc that what Tagalog is based off of"
"love this venue. Filipino food in a setting and style that has serious refinement. Dining here is a pleasant experi "
"Filipino nose "
"Ein neuer Fall von importierten Masern-Patienten war ein Filipino Passagier "
" i'm filipino but not in ph anymore"
"NOW: We are at the Pasundayag National Innovation Fair of  to learn more about innovative disaster prep "
"Yan sinasabi ko eh. Masyadong nag feeling sa demokrasya ng Pilipinas hndi nman pala Filipino pero pa simpleng nang "
" your name? Filippone-ROW-ROW YOUR BOAT! HAHAHA! gee, haven heard that one be- "
" : I need more Filipino friends lmao where y'all at"
"21. Aside from Bisaya and Filipino, English lang HAHAHAH"
" : Sinophobia is rearing its ugly head because of the manufactured animosity against the Chinese. Who are we targeting next, o"
"#SunStarOpinion we want the Philippines to be a better nation in terms of economic progress and the values we te "
" toxic filipino culture "
"Manila Grill Restaurant, Filipino Food in Asiana Hotel, Dubai. One of the places you can dine in Dubai for grilled "
" U.S Ambassador of the Philippines Sung Kim noted the 7% increase of Filipino students studying abroad an "
"Princess Llenarlyn Tavarro(Ang cute sa Grade-9 St.Catherine of Sienna)-With Honor (94.75) -Campus Journalist "
"     It been a pleasure recruiting our dear Filipino nurse "
"this photo is filipino as fuck. not many know about Darna "
"okay no offense but i have NEVER seen an ugly filipino before and i can make this up"
"waas filipino uy "
" bisexual she/her Korean + Filipino virgo  2002"
" : Filipino moms when they pregnant:  |               | |                |                  |                    "
"These two ex-SnapChat designers want to replace Filipino restaurants with software-defined radio"
" : Toxic Filipino culture: Comparing your kid graduating honors to your friend kid honors.  tried my best, mom. You st"
"Hearing more Filipino songwriters uplifting OPM, my ears gets even more excited. We don't need to copy others, OPM "
"Imagine, nandoon po yung Sankai Family sa Group, kung nakakaintindi lang sila ng Filipino at nabasa nilang Wag na "
"Encantadia fans! ^_^  tweets will be featured on the actual Twitter screening. Get a chance to win prizes and "
" Keep it up. I know you are doing your job to portray judith's story well. You are just portraying "
"TO ALL THE FILIPINO BOYS QUOTING THIS... r u lookin for a filipino boyfriend of ur own? :D"
" :  Filipino blinks only we achieve 75 million views on this comeback's first 24 hours I'll buy 20 lucky blinks who like"
" ik some filipino boys if u want "
" : Maya Ophelia puts a vegan twist on Filipino, Mexican, and Puerto Rican food favorites #Milwaukee"
"Hi puu! While waiting po dun sa cb sns au niyo, meron po ba kayong mga pawdeng ma rec na cb filipino sns au? Ty p "
"Really craving authentic Filipino food rn,,,"
"#VisitaIglesia #philippines Filipino poetry from  "
" : Check out the exhibit curated by  about the stories and struggles of the Filipino comfort women.  have h"
" Social Chinita 2019 - Nominee #4: INNOCENT LOOK: Kutis na kay ganda may submit your entries "
"Can't believe she can speak Filipino."
" : #ShowtimePartyFever may Filipino din po sa ZBOYS, si Josh"
"New Zealand dead role call at memorial service broadcast around the world. No such respect given to filipino Cathol "
"Hey  I don't know anything about you but I was searching through the internet about Filipino Mythology and "
"Filipino athletes bring home 29 medals from the Special Olympics World Games. "
" nanay grado sa filipino?"
" :  GIVEAWAY ALE [Pls help ]~ I am giving away one (1) ticket for Park Bo Gum FM in Taipei. All you have to do i"
"filipino time na filipino time a'ah"
"Filipino Chocolate Bread Pudding by #PinoyRecipeAtIbaPa://t.co/K8xcA04q0T.#FilipinoRecipes #PinoyRecipes "
"  it is a mess, honestly, the lore, coz there are all these diff interpretations, with TV and Fi "
"I should start reading Noli Me Tangere grade in Filipino is"
" black, mexican, filipino w a sprinkle of periodt"
"It my long overdue realization that a weighing scale is indeed a necessity if you belong to a Filipino family liv "
"*chokes in Filipino* "
" Filipino, tagaytay"
"  wow~ 7 changes of leaders in a year?? O_____o...Filipino. the country is divided. had a "
"I pass as a Filipino, right?"
"Oo panget specs ng filipino made smartphones pero wag naman naten ibash "
" hey u. Conyo boy. U are filipino spaghetti because you are Filipino and international cuisine combined "
"Appreciate  for all the Filipino movies they have now. "
"A Filipino bartender in Hong Kong was sentenced to six months in prison after admitting to peeping inside a female "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"Just wrote jaemin's name in my filipino exam because the essay part asked who can you compare to don juan and why  "
"So my brother found filipino horror films on amazon prime account. Now he adding them to my watchlist. "
"Filipino Time indeed"
" City: Filipino video game aims to connect players with local mythology "
"You can never get enough. It's Friday!://t.co/ykUoQPZRN3  #tagalogtravels #friday #fridaythoughts#travel "
" : We would like to warmly invite you all to our 34th Annual Filipino Culture Night,  on Friday, April 12. Doors op"
"Skin color is not a basis. If you are a filipino, you are a filipino."
"In the #Philippines, the cost of living is much lower than the developed world. This doesn necessarily mean the s "
"This is not a drill. Pia Wurtzbach is the first ever Filipino to have a wax figure in  in Hongkong! "
"Di ba may Filipino rin sa Z-Boys? Si Carlyn lang kasi ang pinakilala na Filipino eh.  #ShowtimePartyFever"
" I mean Filipino rappers do this all the time. Binabali nila ung pagbikas para sumakto sa beat. They ba "
"the fact that filipino shawarma has no FRIES in it and YET mayroong cheese and egg  "
" No speaking Filipino in swahili language"
"I love being #asian #filipino "
" : Filipino consumers and businessmen turned more upbeat in the first quarter of the year and expect the next three months to"
"i just went like. wow well i know ppl to help me out w/ everything except german and violently remembered my cous "
"uhmm?? gumawa ng UE sa Filipino tas ginamit ng halos lahat ng grade 9 students at nahuli na sa room namin galing at "
"Filipino bartender in HK imprisoned for  inside female toilet "
"when Elsa said, Make one wrong move and everyone will know Every Filipino felt that."
"Things to do this weekend:: Ponolohiya at morpolohiya (Banghay-aralin) (Banghay aralin at pagsasan "
"I'm simple man, Mr. Beast, give us the money and we'll make content that No other Filipino content creator would ev "
" : so when are we going to have  influencers that actually use/promote clothes/accessories from the philippines"
" fax my filipino brother"
"Binatang Filipino  :) "
"APPARENTLY my type is 95% brown boys, 5% filipino boys, all typically from sauga. "
"What better way to end a meal than a delicious serving of dessert? The humble and tasty Filipino #turon (fritters) "
"  Your tweet said accurate representation of Filipinos is not a Filipino, but an alien. "
"Patient: where are you from?: I from Philippines.: I see. She a Filipino too. *points to helper*: Is s "
" Yeah, it's very anti-filipino of me thinking the america-backed rightwing death squads through out "
"Filipino bartender in HK imprisoned for  inside female toilet "
" HONESTLY ! And a red ribbon . Dallas needs more Filipino food"
"  Pag vlog den ipass ni ms filipino HAHAHA"
" Before anything else JayP, did you understand what I said? Hehehe I purposely wrote in Tagalog coz "
"Honestly some filipino parents "
"Featured in today's #JuanaSays is the first female Filipino marathon runner to qualify for the Olympics. Mary Joy T "
"need need need filipino mutuals wya"
" ito ang aking mga bitch don t maunawaan na ito ako ng wikang filipino"
"TGIF: Thank God I Filipino"
"#MyPhBoy ctto 3 operator.://t.co/2Hgz6zISe5 my accounts ig/tw  fb/yt  My Ph B "
"yung MNL 48 dapat purely filipino essence lang. para kasing nagpupumilit na maging mga haponesa. talulot ng sakura? "
" : hello eto na requirement ng 10-Darwin for this day/week- Wala- Wala- Wala- Wala- Wala"
"I had this at an all vegan filipino restaurant, and while I was eating these dishes, I couldn't tell that the food "
"I love being filipino"
"Manila Grill Restaurant, Filipino Food in Asiana Hotel, Dubai. One of the places you can dine in Dubai for grilled "
"toxic filipino mentality???  Yung feeling magaling pare "
"Hey  i loving that you been adding filipino movies but there is a lack of #jadine movies on there. Just saying :)"
"I wish there were more Filipino restaurants around my area because pinoy food is bomb."
"We as God's children have to spread the good news to saved others by His grace speaking in Filipino during tho "
" Nope Filipino ang song they should do it correctly"
"Let me correct this and put more emphasis on TRYING HARD MAGTUNOG FOREIGN TO THE POINT NA BINABALI YUNG PRONUNCIATI "
"  Basahin mo ung mga malaimpaktong lyrics na napakalalim ng Filipino words sa mga kanta n "
" :  the question is if we can lessen the number of people affected by disasters, the answer is yes, reaffirms Dir. Susana"
" : #8216;Balete City&amp;#8217;: Filipino video game aims to connect players with local mythology"
"MAPEH - kanta A Million Dreams para dama mo pa - wala - durgen sumobot para dama mo pa - memorize "
"  Hahaha. Hanap ka ng asian store, they might sell it. But not as good as the filipino taho"
"  When I see a local, I floor it GUURL YOUR BDE IS  i admire your energy at hitting back against antis. It' "
"Apparently jungkook guy is filipino i was shook cuz he looked vietnamese"
"MNL 48 made a Filipino song sounf jpop. Pwedeng ost ng anime. Never thought that was possible. Straight tagalog pa ha."
" : Black/messican/Filipino "
" : Incidentally, this is an elegant way of explaining the so-called filipino  culture "
"Did a look inspired by my fave Filipino dessert Sapin Sapin  using  x   Palette &amp; Boss "
"UP-CIFAL Philippines supports the Safe and Fair Project Launch of the May I Help You? corner for overseas Filipin "
"#filipino #selfie #selfies #manila #makati #philippines #pilipinas #asian #southeastasian #pinoy #pose #posing "
"Though my page doesn't have bigger audience, my goal here is nothing but to help the bands/artists and to share the "
"  filipino smilers I need mutual on twitter let follow each other"
"Toxic Filipino culture: birthday mo, you hear pinoys say ! Pakain ka naman! Libre naman jan! ipan "
" the question is if we can lessen the number of people affected by disasters, the answer is yes, reaffirms Dir. "
"Maria Ressa, a journalist, a woman, a Filipino and a victim, imprisoned because of practicing her right of free spe "
"And why are we still questioning Liza's love for sinigang? It's actually the little things that makes us feel conne "
"Tagala Talaga is the 3rd studio album by Filipino singer-actress Regine Velasquez, released in October 1991 by Vico "
"I honestly cannot think of any actress that can represent the entirety of Filipino beauty. Why? Cause our beauty is "
"#8216;Balete City&amp;#8217;: Filipino video game aims to connect players with local mythology"
"Naalala ko yung sa Filipino, 15-45 HAHAHAHAHA. First time."
"That 13th degree black belt user ain't messing around man. It's on...  "
"I just had a dream that the BNHA characters from the hero class had this sort of event where they are dancing to a "
" Mexican Filipino black. I don think I know "
"Alam nyo kung anong kulang sating mga Filipino? Desiplina. Masyado tyong magagaling,  laht gustong maging pangulo."
"Black/messican/Filipino "
" Filipino dream kuno hahaha"
"PaWoke people be like, We Pro Filipino. We want only Filipino. Yet half the time they argue in English?! Where "
" :   #1000DaysOfRecount We The Filipino people believed that   KNEW VERY WELL THAT BBM WON THE VIC"
" are you Filipino?"
"So I listened to Kacey Musgraves cuz of that JB vid like Kacey is country music I now like country music god no"
"wahuhuhu pano ba naging bold=hubad/bastos(?) sa Filipino"
"English: On the way home translating it to filipino: Patungo sa bahay HAHAHAHAH YOKO NA WAIT"
" : Adults, children actually Guatemalan illegals. Woman appears to be Filipino. "
" Reminds me of those old Filipino movies about world war 2 where the local town leaders obsequiously "
" : Pilipino are great when it come to basketball you know why, because Filipino love basketball by their blood"
"so you're telling me that  is a Filipino? omayghad, let's be moots please"
"Tots abt kristine  Mahal na mahal nito si crisostomo ibarra ng buhay niya pero wait bakita bagsak ka sa filipino?w "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"Where pan de regla Comprehensive Field Guide to Filipino Bread #Esquiremag.ph via "
"I just want to have some collab for writing. The topic will be about bands/artists/Filipino local music scene. Hit "
" Yo, Sticks!, that's actually the guy: Filipino martial artist, and Bruce Lee's BFF, Dan Inosant "
" You are concern of the tax that filipino are paying when you yourself did not even pay any single cent."
" : OPINION: The Filipino youth population as we know today have completely stopped using and forgotten the phrase  puw ko,"
" : Toxic Filipino attitude: Yung gusto kung san pumara dun agad agad papahintuin si manong driver kahit bawal at makakacause"
"My friend: Maria you're Filipino right?  : yea, why?  friend: you must be good at karaoke! : LOL no! "
"Ito na ang pagbabalik ng Filipino action films! ang MARIA, starring the one and only Cristine Reyes! NOW "
"Naghahanap ka ba ng Filipino action movie na pang-Hollywood ang dating? na ng MARIA! NOW SHOWING in cinemas "
" they filipino and speak tagalog though? yikes i think someone salty"
" Your not even a filipino... my god... they did not violated on something you freak violated the law of "
" u was A SAINT  omg all Filipino moms are crazy"
" Well tapos na ako don HAHAHHAHAH Filipino nalang"
" : This older Filipino lady wanted to snap a pic wit me "
"Jar Norton When you be hunting bro and this happens. Lol.  "
"Actually, problematic yan. Kasi they should be pleasing and winning the Filipino audience. "
"It a #pinoy take over w/  at the #glaadawards  #callherganda #superstore #crazyrichasians "
" : Legal or illegal Filipino parents still thinks its drugs "
"Will post later the mechanics for my official poster 'Bout You' give away. This is for Filipino fans only. "
"lmao why you so pressed over my opinion SIS im filipino as well and im speaking from first hand experiences. If you "
"except for filipino movies, we reuse the cast a lot sksksksks nadine "
" omg breakfast filipino for food is the greatest dang that ube flan*_*"
"BRUHHHH MY MOM JUST TOLD ME THE  SLIDE IS ABOUT A VIBRATOR ... i can unhear that .... not going to anym "
"Filipino nalang"
"Binatang filipino  "
"And that just one perfect loop, wherein Filipino are renderd powerless. I find it hard to see how people are proud to be Filipino."
"  its a filipino tv series called Ika Anim na Utos"
"Masyado kayong maraming dada at lahat sa wikang banyaga, kung makahusga akala mo sila lang ang may karapatan sa lah "
"Every day do something that will inch you closer to a better tomorrow.  #offtosomewhere#pinoy #retweet "
"Promotor is one of my fave Filipino slang words because it's only ever used negatively and in v humorous way"
"Every day do something that will inch you closer to a better tomorrow.  #offtosomewhere#pinoy #retweet "
"I been tryna get Filipino food for a min  can someone pls send me some sisig and sinigang "
" I will not tolerate any more filipino boy slander"
"Every day do something that will inch you closer to a better tomorrow.  #offtosomewhere#pinoy #retweet "
"Our chef  &amp; chebinuya are wrapping up your favorite authentic Filipino Flavors inside of the classic g "
"PM Morrison  &amp; Bill Shorten in Christchurch for mosques shooting remembrance, Filipin's a few weeks ago? 20 Ch "
" : Ressa: More than ever, I really ask every Filipino to #HoldTheLine.  #DefendPressFreedom: "
"How DO you enforce discipline on the Filipino people?"
"#DSWDSeminar Filipino time nga nman "
"Vlog #04 Dave's Birthday | with the Filipino Squad  "
"binatang filipino #NewProfiIePic "
"me, a filipino: why r filipinos so loud in public places???? "
"Ada tiga kisah dalam thread ni..sial sungguh psycho tu yer..aku dh mcm tgk drama filipino "
" you dont even look filipino "
"#ShowtimePartyFever may Filipino din po sa ZBOYS, si Josh"
"Congratulations Ate Zyrene! are so proud of you! 1 in Academic Performance  in English in Filipin "
" : #ShowtimePartyFever I am always this person who enjoys the Filipino music from the past more than today, I am only 17 y"
" Share your status with us! to submit your entries?: Sign up on our website: "
"this says a lot about Filipino society "
" : teh bat antahimik ng mga dALAGANG FILIPINA AT BINATANG FILIPINO NGAYON"
"Empower Filipino Athleticism  "
"teh bat antahimik ng mga dALAGANG FILIPINA AT BINATANG FILIPINO NGAYON"
" : Kihei Clark out of Taft HS putting on for the Filipino community Virginia got a lockdown PG"
"  Pilipino SONE here Tiff and we already know that Filipino's are talented hahaha"
"teaching drew how to cook rice the filipino way &amp; he STRUGGLING "
"older filipino people love 2 things: the bee gees and lechon"
"you know what's disappointing? it's when older people tells you to accept criticism and be a better person when the "
" : Prosecutor Randy Esteban said Rappler's executives were being charged for allowing a foreign company to intervene in the m"
"Sum... Summ... Summer! It's that time of the year where we can enjoy the cold Filipino desserts. What is your favor "
"Common speech fillers by Filipino hosts:GRABE!!!WOWWW!!DI BA GUYS! YEAH!ALRIGHT!!! done while dancing"
"Rahhhhh!#makibaka #ugatclothing #ugat #streetwear #knowyourroots #streetfashion #daretostruggle #dontbeafraid "
"Creo que nunca voy a superar cuando dicen lo de las pastillas  filipino "
"#NewProfilePic 1  Excellence (with honor) in Filipino in Science in AP in ESP "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
" Filipino men is where is at though "
" : Rest assured that our candidate is competitive enough to battle on national pageant as she has already gained similar experien"
" this survey doesn't even represent 5% of filipino voters."
" This is a Filipino newspaper. It's even worse"
"Thank you so much Lord!! Wong honors in Communication Arts(English and Filipino) in Science "
"Beth Griffith-Manley and Jej Vinson Stun with Jealous - The Voice Batt... "
" well no it's not actually an official language, but it's more of a term that we filipino use for that way of typing "
" : FiLiPiNo bOyS wIlL bReAk yOuR hEaRt "
"I don get the  Filipino men trend ??? who ?? and why??? do ppl not like such beautiful men ???"
"tulog sa time ng filipino hehe"
"And Josh Kline is half Filipino, making this possibly the worst-placed Em dash in history  "
"#cherrydijonporkmedallions with #spinach &amp; #goatcheese #lowcarbs  #healthyeating "
"My tweets can either be:- straight English- straight Filipino- straight Bisaya- straight EngFilBi"
"A meal prep for tomorrow lunch at work (spam cucumber stir fry) and dinner for the next few days (Filipino dish b "
"Filipino nalang talaga"
" naathaaniieel: Hi, guys. Can you help our Filipino  fisherfolks save their livelihood by retweeting this? Let's use Twitter to create n"
" Lmao who? The guy I'm talking is not even Korean he's Filipino"
" If Joseph Goebbels came back from the dead to make movies, he'd still be less despicable then you, yo "
"You had to make a whole ass tweet about your thoughts on a whole ass race as if you knew every Filipino out there. "
"Mag humanities na lang lagi ako. Quota na ako sa Filipino at Englissssshhhhhhhhshshshshshsh"
"wanna start a filipino gc chxxjsjs pero wala na ko masyadong pinoy moots"
"PH consumers, #business turn bullish Filipino consumers and businessmen turned more upbeat in the first quarter of "
"I hate when unknown artists put their whole music video as a ad on youtube how low you gotta be to force promote yo "
"I truthfully stand for the real justice and as an advocate of that we need the media that could provide great infos "
"A stress-free magical world of Filipino creativity awaits you! Join me on Kumu, the world fastest-growing Pinoy l "
"The plot was a bit changed so I had to post it again. Sorry for that  the way this will be in Filipino so... "
"support Z-Star/Z-Boys/Z-Girls nga din pala guys, They also have Filipino members and Southeast asian members. "
"Ba may mga taong proud na bobo sila mag filipino"
" : Philippine Short Stories for Filipino Medical Students and Where to Read Them: A Thread (Or: the Ronibats reading list, for m"
" Gur I have no idea what happened. We do have a Filipino guy who sneezes so loud I can hear it across th "
" Yan ang hirap sa kanila kapag pinuna ang idol nila enemy of the state na, walang karapatang maging Fili "
"And no I'm not just saying this because my bf is half Filipino. 've literally have never met a unattractive Fili "
"Thick Filipino Sexy Mami Pay  to Play  % REAL Give me a call (925) 567-9551 #AntiochEscorts "
"Favorite culture of food? (Like chinese, american, etc.)  Switches but Japanese&gt;Korean&gt;Thai&gt; Indian&gt; Chinese&gt;Filip "
"WTF!  Kung magbabalita kayo make sure na ginagamit niyo ang wikang-Filipino hindi yun language ninyo! Eh di naman n "
"Fancy some Ibiza chill, Glaswegian chilled house, Florida trip hop, jazzy hip hop, female Filipino empowering hip h "
"bat ba pag college student yung bida sa mga filipino films madalas mula sa big universities"
"my filipino self find this offensive. "
"  The Filipino People is here for you #HoldTheLine #DefendPressFreedom"
"#ShowtimePartyFever I am always this person who enjoys the Filipino music from the past more than today, I am only "
"YOOO!!! HOW DO I WATCH ONE TAGALOG MOVIE ON NETFLIX AND THEN MY INSTA/FB TIMELINE IS FLOODED WITH FILIPINO RELATED "
"FiLiPiNo bOyS wIlL bReAk yOuR hEaRt "
" : FILIPINO'S OPM songs will never get old.  #ShowtimePartyFever"
"Ugh filipino final exam later and i still haven't studied anything"
" : Rappler not being 100% Filipino-owned? Do Filipinos even own Philippines at this point? Our President literally let the Chi"
"but he is??? filipino naman talaga?? "
"Toxic Filipino culture: yung mga pa-woke na nang cacall-out on normal things. Kaya nababangsagan na  Generation eh"
"My filipino workmate talks to me in tagalog, gurl i'm not even"
"Public virus: bad words are filipino sign language fuck! Hand fuck  Phi... "
" :  was the 1st president to support SSM walking into office. nominated the 1st gay married ambassador to a major co"
" it a filipino recipe don  me if you aren cultured"
" : Take it easy. Friday has arrived.  ..#IGMNL #KTGVR #QC #QuezonCity #PH #Philippines  #grammerph #weekend #fridays"
"  di ko na kaya si anon whooo ikaw na best in filipino ih napildi mo pa si romela tsk"
" : (Some Filipino People like  and  etc. Can understand this. diba lagi every friday no meat, et"
"when you're an artist, Filipino relatives are so fucking UNSUPPOIVE of your ventures but come running to you when "
"(Some Filipino People like  and  etc. Can understand this. diba lagi every friday no meat, "
"If you identify as a Filipino, don't do that. I mean good on you that you can speak fluently in English, and it is "
"I saw Pia on mega today as she unveils the first filipino wax figure.. herself."
" : PILIPINAS AT MGA FILIPINO, GUMISING KAYO! ILUKLOK SA PUWESTO ANG MGA NARARAPAT! MAGANDANG UMAGA MGA POKPOK!"
"i think every filipino suffers from a mild case of religious psychosis"
"Only on tumblr where I be accused of being for racial segregation and faking being a Filipino by white people in "
" One time my girl, me, and her parents had an all day shopping trip. We had to get balikbayan stuff (t "
"filipino socialists the idea of socialism but hates the idea of china's a conflict of interest there.. im amazed"
" : Hey  here in the Philippines abortion is a big NO. I just hope that the Filipino people will be awakened to"
" Ngayon lang ako nakakita ng ganitong Filipino na nagpakatuta sa China."
"FILIPINO'S OPM songs will never get old.  #ShowtimePartyFever"
"Thank you  for having Filipino movies! My mom and I are enjoying them "
"Kihei Clark kept uva in that.... Filipino excellence "
" : If you watched Ipaglaban Mo yesterday and thought the Korean actor looks familiar, it  he was the host for the first Fi"
"What people don't get is that she takes Filipino Humor, replays cliche jokes and brands them as /funny/ and all the "
"Rappler not being 100% Filipino-owned? Do Filipinos even own Philippines at this point? Our President literally let "
"i missed my filipino mother demetria divina luningning so much :(((((( "
"        "
" : New ep:  and  join me in talking about the process of decolonization. We also discuss that"
"In recognition of his visionary work as a successful entrepreneur, tech luminary, and accomplished Filipino in purs "
"REAL ESTATE OPPOUNITY Presentation You build a WINNING REAL ESTATE Career in the Philippines! :) an "
" : kihei clark huge for virginia again tonight proud filipino  #marchmadness"
" : Went to the  Birthday party last night with the  gang!  you Bandwagon for supporting Fil"
"wala ng projects.  naman"
"COMMON FILIPINO ARGUER: Using Ad Hominem when about to lose an argument.'t we just have a healthy argument her "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"CHEAPEST FILIPINO STREET FOOD! Eating at ROXAS NIGHT MARKET in Davao Philippines  "
"political and economic reforms must be dedicated wholly for the entire sovereign Filipino people and entire Philipp "
"filipino singers"
"Been watching Filipino romantic comedies with my grandma the last 2 nights lmao."
"What with all these mf tweets abt Filipino and Viet guys like can y relax for two seconds PLEASE"
" Bruh I Filipino and I never liked it not even as a kid"
":&lt; no chance uno na filipino ko :&lt;"
" : I a principle type of person... give an inch they for sure take a mile eventually."
" : ever wonder if people really like you or if they just pretend? the way this world is... you may never know."
"Satisfy your craving for the most delicious Chinese - Tibetan - Filipino delicacies "
"Here is the detailed guide on why should you hire a Filipino Virtual Assistant!://t.co/iWF6WYKRCy"
"Filipino consumers and businessmen turned more upbeat in the first quarter of the year and expect the next three m "
"ICYMI: #ParkJihoon () introduces himself in different languages, including Filipino! "
"Filipino nlng ang kulangggggg"
" so mean &gt;:( no you're in my heart, (filipino accent) estoped"
"Is it just me or kitanf tanan gihurot ning mga Filipino films sa netflix???? Call e jologs I don care."
"bate um desespero quando come a ler um tweet em ingl e do nada aparece umas frase diferente em filipino"
" so now we're just trying to give our mom a good fuckin time bc all she did was to give us what we wanted "
" : i looking for carat moots specially filipino carats kasi kailangan ko ung energy niyo para mabuhay muli ung tl ko huhu so r"
"my filipino moots amd oomfs  u like palabok"
" I wouldn't blame you for not knowing, haha. We've had like 7 changes of leaders since 2010 (most likely "
"Dalagang Filipino/a "
"  Family photo of fucking orphans lol got black white korean Filipino and Indian. Try to guess them all."
"    Really? so sad that you think that way. I don know what "
"Yes fam, I can still eat Filipino food (: + Ube Flan  "
"The girl in the DOOP uniform is Alison Bunye. She a Filipino 14 year old lesbian/trans woman who considered a coo "
"hello... ive just been hired to write a jingle for a filipino culture org ???"
" : You forgot one more thing, : is American. While the other one has (dual) American and Filipino"
" Filipino... Walo na pala kami HAHAHAHAHA"
"Watch Beautiful Filipino Girls kristy_ash_ and jabiljeanny during our 2018 AsianTour Recon at "
"   You purposey ignored her comment before , that her father is Filip "
"    OMG. Stop complicating things. Liza is a Filipino period. AHAHAHA "
"Oy Pau yung Filipino at English abilities mo ayusin mo."
"r u a filipino?  I not but I enjoying it  "
"  Im sure not a single filipino will be allowed to put up a business in any part of chi "
"Thrilled to open an EducationUSA advising center at the University of San Carlos - Talamban Campus to help Filipino "
"Crab Mentality Season 1: Episode 2 naman sayo? Pag foreign ang gumawa tuwang tuwa kayo, nasa balita pa. Let he "
"Another Filipino achievement that the whole world will be recognized! "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
" Kai got offers from european teams which is unheard of for a filipino talent. outside shooting,footwork "
"  don bash our FILIPINO snowflake princess. he has the right to say that kasi embodiment n "
"Filipino movies in NETFLIX  to avail? DM me  ACCOUNT - 130 PHP ACCOUNT - 60 PHP: 7/11 BA "
" : Bro I been watching to many Filipino movies on Netflix "
"  Filipino constitution workers: Duterte pa rin!"
"Netflix got a bunch of Filipino movies and finally got around watching Seven Sundays.. "
" : VIRAL: Online thrift shop parodies  the Mood for Love with Filipino subtitles "
" I sure this was picked up earlier this season but UVA pg Kihei Clark is Filipino"
"  omg it was super awks as a filipino indiana kid when i had to slaughter pigs at walden s "
" Charlotte: januray 29 : minghao and hoshi: filipino"
"This thristy AF #Filipino #Seattle girl is looking for a man she met on a plane. Will she find it?://t.co/0fqBWxQYMA"
"i love listening to old filipino music that my parents used to dance and sing to :)"
" filipino"
"Rappler is supposedly not 100% Filipino owned. Eh paano ang Pinas ngayon?  Sino ang dapat huhulihin? #HoldTheLine"
" If Virgina wins I'll root for them because of Filipino PG Kihei Clark lol."
"Ressa: More than ever, I really ask every Filipino to #HoldTheLine.  #DefendPressFreedom: "
"I began sketching out a comic about how to play mahjong filipino style a couple months ago and got sidetracked. Rea "
" : Every Filipino siblings weakness*paghati hatian ang lupa na pinamana ng kanilang mga magulang*"
" : Weirdest Filipino folk Catholicism ritual I have heard so far: To appease the cafre (big black tree monster), bury an And"
"I noticed that when Filipinos marries a foreigner and lives abroad then have kids, they dont teach them how to spea "
" : Kai Sotto proud Filipino to represent our Country.  "
"Ang halaga ng lightstick ng iz*one sa peso ay 1620 pesos kaya ba co filipino wiz*ones? HAHAHAHA"
"Join us for a fun-filled Roadshow as we cap off the work-week with the freshest Wishclusive performances of Filipin "
" : With new musical Noli me Tangere having its World Premiere at Riverside Theatres Parramatta  tonight, le"
" He is a Filipino, he speaks Filipino. So your point? Ano ikaw lang entitled gumamit ng  Filipino "
" Filipino time nukaba HAHAHAHA"
"Would you live here?...#philippines #pinoy #pilipinas #filipino #travelph #travel #itsmorefuninthephilippines "
"Ann Sepino - Author, Novelist from Philippines #MeetAuthors #author #novelist #Philippines "
"filipino dramas make all men seem like scum dude wtf"
"My heart is full watching this episode. just wish she taught her sons a bit of filipino too. ://t.co/yo6XOKMROI"
" : Nes out here attacking filipino boys, little do she KNOW "
" :   Ang galing ni Sandara, She can speak Filipino , English and of course her mother tongue Korean. So hum"
"Nes out here attacking filipino boys, little do she KNOW "
"Dalaga Filipino yeah   in Imus "
"HELP ME FELLAS. TO FIND MY FELLOW FILIPINO UAENAs.  "
"I don't know what's wrong with the Filipino people.  and justice, where are you? "
" ohh that makes sense, but is it already implied or stated in the article that you're Filipino?"
" :   You the only one host,singer,model,actress and krung krung of the philippines..the adoptive daught"
"send me filipino baddies to follow on IG"
"I need more Filipino friends lmao where y'all at"
"stray kids - miroh lyrics (filipino ver.):  ang damo? san ang damo*na mo tang*na mo a "
" : I do agree that they heartbreakers but the kilig from filipino boys hits different "
" We're you ever on Filipino cupid"
" No prob sis. 'Yan ang patunay na natuto ka sa Filipino noong elem at hs days. Hahahaa"
"Maria Ressa,422 Tweets YOU ME  COVER UP BAYBAYIN FILIPINO "
"I took 2 hours from work just to watch #UlanMovie on its last day. I left the theater with renewed hope for Filipin "
"  im filipino"
" : EXPLAINING TO THE WRONG BOSS explained to China that PH govt has nothing to do with ICC complaint filed vs Xi o"
" : Kimono shoot with Rapunzel! Her kimono outfit was based on baro saya, traditional Filipino clothing. More photos on IG htt"
"Don fool the public, ! It NOT about press freedom. IT ABOUT YOU VIOLATING THE LAW! Stop using pres "
" Oooh I know what she meant. Bc Aguinaldois Filipino and I am filipino so I think she wants it to read as our independence???"
" : hello  feel like filipino filmmakers producing a lot of dysfunctional family dramedies is highkey a reflection of how"
" Filipino  uma l mto sensacional"
"    look at all of his actions din makkta mo na hindi na yan maka Filipino."
" Bruh I swear it's a Filipino thing "
"You know what they call me? Pendejo"
"sa kultura ng ating bansa at ang tamang filipino grammar.-apat, mag-eedit ako ng upcoming vlogs ng jowa (kung "
"Checkout our latest YouTube video of Hot Filipino Girls from our #AsianTour Recon in 2018  "
"Take it easy. Friday has arrived.  ..#IGMNL #KTGVR #QC #QuezonCity #PH #Philippines  #grammerph #weekend "
"Tamang kalkal lang sa profiles, Dalagang Filipino yeah!"
"psa to new oomfs cos idk kung filo yung iba!! If u wanna talk to me, I a filo and can understand filipino HAHAHA "
"TODAY'S EDITORIAL: There are about 500,000 Filipino seafarers on commercial vessels around the world, remitting app "
" : Ask yourself. Why does US firm Omidyar gave Rappler funds to operate in PH? The constitution clearly states media compan"
"Forty-eight people, mostly overseas Filipino workers, are facing the death penalty for violating 11 offenses under "
"Went to the  Birthday party last night with the  gang!  you Bandwagon for supporti "
"1 daw mag sugod hahaha pero for sure 2 nana mag sugod ba hahahaha what is filipino time kaayo"
"Top 20 Filipino Chicken Recipes by #PinoyRecipeAtIbaPa://t.co/ob9HqESZ09.#FilipinoRecipes #PinoyRecipes . "
"Pag nag labas talaga ng Filipino version ng Enough mag iipon na talaga ako HAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAH"
"kihei clark huge for virginia again tonight proud filipino  #marchmadness"
"There is nothing better than a fresh pot of good rice.  I am a true Filipino.  feeling grateful"
"HK sisters Daughter of Filipino Seafarers in Asia Got "
" Wow im honored my Filipino is usually sht, pero yes u got it ryt hehe"
" AWW this warms my heart. ya!! i'm currently in nz but filipino. glad to be talking to you too, esp about cr hehe"
"Oh and locally it's called makahiya which is the Filipino word for embarrassed or ashamed. The scientific name tho is mimosa pudica."
" : MAGANDANG BALITA PARA SA ATING MGA OFW!  na po ni Pangulong Duterte ang Republic Act No. 11227 o ang  Han"
"filipino songs are on a different level of simp "
" Wow tuloy pa rin ang pagbuhos ng ULAN!  Bakasyon na kasi students kaya habol na guyz! Tenfold worth t "
"I want to go to the #CokeStudioSummerConcert because I am an avid supporter of OPM, plus #cokestudio exhibit new ar "
"Yung tinatamad kana mag edit haha (c)Cleezy Jamal "
"Filipino food is such an underrated blessing "
" Idk a Filipino woman made it for me...lol idk where else to cop"
"Jobs UAE Telesales Executive Outbound Tagaluto Speaker Filipino RAKBANK "
"Ulan was a Filipino movie I actually enjoyed!!!! Every Filipino movie I remember was either the same kind of love s "
"Filipino Hiphop is already doing great af even during the Magalona era, ..its just our countrymen ..shiiiet, I know "
"Filipino time man kaayo uy"
" While Filipino men fights for our country our Government simply is too Busy building hotels &amp; cities "
" : ://t.co/PVuQdLEm7w.."
" : Please enjoy this video of my Filipino mom first time using Memoji  "
" englishero pero puro filipino"
"  i doubt it, the amount of toxicity in the ph is goddamn high that i doubt that team play is caused by filipino roots"
"Hot Filipino Girls from the 2018 AsianTour "
"  Look at Bam's number he's an Aquino it will give you a gauge how Filipino's feel towa "
"A delicious Filipino dish - Crispy Pata!!!.........#dinner #birthdaydinner #filipinofood #crispypata "
"Wala man jud nas grammar ang English naa raman na kon makasabot ba imong ka storya kon unsa imong gi istorya niya. "
" :    Her response was: my dad's a filipino. I was raised by 2 filipinos. I love sinigang."
"To the most well-rounded, global #ladyengineer with a Filipino heart, my sister since birth , joyfu "
"Shoutout to these Filipino-American athletes: TJ Perkins () becoming the biggest acquisition of  and "
"me:: u know that trend on twitter, the  boys will break ur heart, i saw that and thought of u...  that hurted."
" : Pero imbes na manlumo, lalo lang tayong nagiging resolbado sa ating mga prinsipyo. All counts as reaffirmation to our prog"
"  Yes po... May Album Launch po sa April 28 at 6pm punta po kayo sa SkyDome #MayWard #MaymayEntrata #EdwardBarber"
"White &amp; Blue stands and supports Rappler and the independent Filipino press to fight and remain strong against the "
"Have you ever wondered where you can find the most stunning Filipino women in? Read through here to find out where "
" "
"DISGUSTING filipino culture promoting the glass ceiling :// let. us. be.  "
"hmm parang gusto ko ng binatang filipino, yea"
" uH ITS KINDA GOOD??? the typical filipino narrator makes it sound funnier ngl"
" : small souvenirs from my Filipino sister, i really like it, thank you my lovely sis! moah moah moah!  Every gift whic"
"   My dad's Filipino-Filipino by blood was raised by 2 Filipinos-Filipino by "
" :  mo tanga ka talaga deku! gagoooo!!!! - Bakugo Katsuki (2019, Filipino dubbed) "
"Enjoying the sun,sea,and sand....#philippines #pinoy #pilipinas #filipino #travelph #beach #beachbum "
"Ang saya kausap ng filipino limelights"
" : how's my filipino accent?good??salamat! IS SO GOOD BABY #BLACKPINKINYOURAREAMANILA "
"ADVISORY NO. JSD-2019-07 OF OVERSEAS VOTERS FOR THE 2019  NATIONAL ELECTION Embassy of the "
"Ang Rappler hindi daw 100% Filipino owned? Yung nasa Malacanan po ba 100% pinoy ba ang nagpapalakad? "
" : filipino girls STAY winning "
"Binatang Filipino yeah  "
"Yung manager kong mexican put an effort to text me in filipino hahahahaha. She's so nice. She made my night hahahaha."
"acho que nunca na minha vida vi algum filipino que cantasse mal, deve tar no c gen deles cantar bem"
"Y out here saying Filipino boys be breaking hearts but isn that just all boys "
" : With highest honor. Valedictorian. Best in Filipino, AP, Science and English. Leadership Award. Service Award. Conduct A"
"small souvenirs from my Filipino sister, i really like it, thank you my lovely sis! moah moah moah!  Every gift w "
"Guys share this for all the filipino voters to know.. "
"Suddenly this weird thought popped into my head  I am a filipino,  in my blood runs the immortal seeds of heroes...  HAHAHAHAHAHA"
"#whatsNEWs with  ://t.co/omYe1B9nGG"
"  And I arguing such a position is completely detached from reality. My local precinct h "
"so you think you're a filipino in heart? as far as I know filipino are sweet and understanding. "
"#PiaMadeIconic First-ever Filipino figure at Madame Tussauds Hong Kong. #whatshappeningph "
"   Her response was: my dad's a filipino. I was raised by 2 filipinos. I love s "
"The concept of filipino time is the most annoying thing. Stop using it as an excuse for being late just bc you di "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"With the squad....#philippines #pinoy #pilipinas #filipino #travelph #beach #itsmorefuninthephilippines "
" City: Filipino video game aims to connect players with local mythology more: "
"At Capitol Greenstreet waiting for nothing. Filipino time talaga ha. Wow."
" : Twenty-six #Filipino companies will showcase their Halal-certified products on the Malaysia International Halal Showcas"
"family member is in the hospital and rando filipina nurses keep popping in bc [they] heard there was a filipino family here"
"Banzon tara na swimming tapos na research at filipino shhsshshhshshsah"
"  hahha i know sis, i am filipino born&amp;raised but living in the states, so raised not to "
"  Was she handcuffed? Is it because she's rich and an American citizen? Ordinary Filip "
"a veces se confunden y piensan que soy filipino y est bien."
" Yas. Hindi talaga kilala si Troye dito sa Pilipinas e. :( Yung kanta nya lang (like YOUTH) or may c "
"Of coconut trees and summer....#philippines #pinoy #pilipinas #filipino #travelph #palawan "
" : Tonight is the night when binge-watchers around the world will be glued to their PCs and smartphones for #MystifiedOnI"
"matik bagsak sa filipino "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
" The media industry is a  industry in the Philippines, that, some oligarchs owned &amp; used them to "
"Apoy in Minneapolis. Go! It delicious. If you are looking for traditional Filipino food or want to try it for the "
"  Support Indie-Filipino Films and Not-MMFF Films hahahaha"
"Filipino American cuisine is the focus of Kulinary Confidential, a two-week food crawl and series of pop-up dinners "
"Apoy in Minneapolis. Go! It delicious. If you are looking for traditional Filipino food or want to try it for the "
" :  Another American oligarch on the road to perdition.    may the Filipino pu"
" :   Shame on this Administration most foreign work are given to Filipino even in cruise line what ma"
" : Le dije al filipino uds estan locos bailando a esta hora  dijo nunca lo habiamos hecho, desde que tu llegaste som"
" if you used proper filipino grammar i wouldn have to call you out "
" Is that #Filipino beer San Mig!? LOL"
"My Filipino brothers getting attacked all over twitter "
"so some filipino army edited this and yea lol ijust screenshoted this plus the song is  pilipina by Allmo$t"
" Panlaban natin for Miss Universe  half Filipino and a half Filipina  JayveeKa Maureen Balabas Penasa Ibande "
"  Hi hunny ,, My name Jay from Cali, USA (though i am Filipino) ,, and I am in love with "
" You're awesome, Fumi. Though you aren't a pure Filipino, you are loved genuinely by NOYPI. "
"Please enjoy this video of my Filipino mom first time using Memoji  "
"Do you really expect Liza to question herself when she was offered this coveted role just 'coz you have issues? "
"somehow i missed out on both the filipino singing gene AND dancing gene i'm suing"
"this is so wrong in so many levels, tbh filipino youtubers/famous people who lives in the states or different count "
"The crab mentality that runs in the blood of many Filipino. The very first persons that will bring you down are you "
"Forming a picture of what I want of the future so that I can make it happen. .:  #filipino "
"Enjoy the Filipino buffet cuisine you can all enjoy and cook at home.  "
" yes im a filipino... i ordered those from overseas "
" :   would you wear a Philippine Flag shirt like this? ://t.co/1x4TmUvZ0K"
" is it local here in the philippines? you filipino right??"
"Filipino songs are so underrated "
" also wow i didn know you filipino!! me too!! i been following your art for awhile so i love tha "
"Kihei Clark out of Taft HS putting on for the Filipino community Virginia got a lockdown PG"
"CARLL MARK ALIVIO LAGO - CRIMINOLOGY - PHINMA ELEIZEA ROMOROSA BENTUZAL - SECONDARY EDUCATION MAJOR "
"Tweet translated to Portuguese, Czech, Bosnian, Telugu, French, Chinese Traditional, Welsh, Filipino, Greek, Tamil "
"the industry with overrated actors and actresses. Andaming magagaling na artista!!! They're just shuned down by the "
"It's like I can hear my mom. A true filipino. "
"filipino horror movies about superstitious beliefs hit more &gt;&gt;&gt; "
" Throughout the entire video I was just thinking that omg they are so cute and their interactions are "
"buyset na filipino subject yan panira sa buhay"
"Watching a Filipino movie &amp; munching on dried mangoes. I turning into a fo"
"    Filipino moms "
" : Any filipino  that is planning to go to singapore this May for #Hallyupopfest??"
"My ONLY take away from the workplace harassment module i had to watch in the 3rd world is: the FUCK is a  "
"filipino prince  "
"Prosecutor Randy Esteban said Rappler's executives were being charged for allowing a foreign company to intervene i "
" :  Where's our Filipino Lifelines at? ://t.co/MFnM5i1mrT"
"A tan Italian Filipino Mexican baby"
"Filipino speech pattern is interesting compared to other nationalities their tones seem to follow a curve. Rising and falling."
" And now it's regarding rappler not being 100% filipino-owned, right? Nang, the timing is so......"
"   so sad lng kasi marami ng Filipino na basta nlng naniniwala sa pag akalang n "
"Yieee filipino spelling nalang di pa alam."
" Another American oligarch on the road to perdition.    may the F "
"Best in mathematics  in Filipino in computer  Honors  gagaling talaga ng mga classmates ko haha "
" bruh he's filipino... he even speaks bisaya fluently... wtf"
"The European Union states are among the biggest employers of Filipino seafarers. The country cannot afford to jeopa "
" 1) It's not my list, I'm just asking you. (I suggested two of them early on, that's as much as I had to "
"Ayyy is number zero on Virginia Filipino?"
"my first attempt at #shrinkydinks. yes, i Filipino so I had no idea you could draw on acetate, put it in the oven "
" I think my Filipino name is already a dramatic telenovela name hahaha"
" : Chicago food! Went for mostly American Meals  might as well,  but I had Enough and am glad to be home for some good"
" : getting tired of english. every day I remember how to read and write feels like a burden. might fuck around and join filipi"
"ONLY FILIPINO NCTZENS WILL UNDERSTAND "
" inaresto cya pra madivert ang attention ng mga Filipino sa expose ni Acierto. later today, meron na nam "
"Btw!! The embroidered characters are in baybayin, an ancient filipino writing system :&gt; it's spells 'silakbo' (our "
"Bakla baga si fonzy Hhahhabaha  Okay lang kahit ganiyan siya tanggap namin yan aheeee hi fons hahahahaha jk lang l "
"luh epal talaga filipino eh"
" *Cries in filipino*"
"   For me, speaking personally of Asian rep, our culture is constantly watered down "
"filipino biriteras are quaking "
"Foreigner ata ako di ko maintindihan ang filipino"
" : yea filipino and viet boys break hearts but have y ever fw a korean boy?? ... shits a diff typa hurt"
" : Filipino mom:  me picture "
"Wow pinoys calling their friends an n word. Just wow. Wala lang, just being a white filipino lang, ano?  my gad."
" may mga prof talaga na sobrang inconsiderate. di mo naman malaman kung bakit ganon sila towards their s "
" : Japan-bound Filipino skilled workers to get equal or more pay than Japanese counterparts "
" I'm deep into Googling Filipino politics now....better late than never!"
"math mga major talaga ibabagsak ko 'no"
" was going perm my hair, until I my. American, Filipino, and Italian. "
"#MyPhBoy ctto  operator.://t.co/2Hgz6zISe5 my accounts ig/tw  fb/yt  My Ph Bo "
"Toxic filipino trait: marry a foreigner(esp an american) is a success"
"I lost..... when was hating on Filipino boys a thing? Like who is actually hating on them ... and why ? Bc it sme "
"the og filipino gods say LGBT rights"
"FILIPINO COMMUNITY NEWS ! : Come with your family and friends this coming Saturday, March 30 at the Prime Osbourne "
" : Join Time Magazine's Person of the Year, Filipino American journalist and Rappler CEO Maria Ressa in a panel discussion/p"
"Nobody: Filipino: so basically I say the n word "
" :  Yes, and it behooves us all to send forth the message through the polls that no candidate or official may take"
"One of my fave  #raffisplace #pinoy #love #tbt #photooftheday #lulekebab #lule #zumac #raffis #summer #kabob "
"I am moderating the #healthxph tweet chat tom. Taking a page from #medhumchat . Still working on di "
"virus: bad words filipino sign language fuck! vloggers in group   Phi... "
"Patuloy na naghahatid ng kilig sa social media. &lt;3 Basta itinadhana, pinagtatagpo kasi talaga? "
"Read about the first ever celebration of the National Filipino Food Month launched by the Philippine Culinary Herit "
" : Rappler and its executives were accused of violating the constitutional requirement for mass media to be 100-percent Fil"
"We so excited for InvASIAN!!!  withrepost  ladylailaflame People rarely guess my ethnicity but I'm hal "
""
"Hungry. Want Filipino food :/"
" : this says a lot about filipino mentality and it disgust the hell out of me,,  "
" Yes, and it behooves us all to send forth the message through the polls that no candidate or official may t "
" filipino braise with vinegar and soy sauce. very dope way to cook chicken"
"Sketch practice on some OC sprites for a visual novel style display#characterdesign #conceptdesign #draft "
"Imbis tulungan dalhin sa hospital sisisihin niyo pa sa pangangarera san utak ? Inuuna pag video e filipino lifestyl "
"  Es un ejemplo exagerado para entender el contexto. Porque antes de esta selecci "
" If that aint true then im no filipino. Hahahahaha salbakuta, andrew e, repablikan, crazy as pinoy, cur "
"im talking about you filipino stans lmao"
"  Shame on this Administration most foreign work are given to Filipino even in cruise line "
"my filipino grandma when she finds out i like pussy too://t.co/Drkom9zWjh"
"filipino horror movies actually make me SCARED scared not just shouting for 2 hours"
"I am half Filipino, half Chinese but my whole name screams Spanish. Hahahahaha!"
" I really thought the NBC sitcom Truth Be Told deserved better. It had great representation - 2 black ac "
"Filipino customers at work be saying their phone numbers during payment like they tryna win a lottery like  m "
"For 65 years, ABS-CBN has touched the lives of every Filipino through their stories and their characters. ho "
" :  Daniel M is not a filipino but he won...same goes to Fumi..possible din"
"lmao they're just a bunch of dorks, but they're hot "
"i so proud to be filipino. i used to not be in elementary school bc kids were dumb and racist but fuck them!!"
" Aral kasi muna teh. Try mo balikan lesson mo sa Filipino para malaman mo mali mo. "
" no one: twitter: hey guys  if ur a filipino boy who wears dangly earrings I know you gonna br "
"tas gusto nyo pa alisin filipino, eh ang bobo natin don eye-"
"#Filipino community celebrates its history in the #Yakima Valley "
"Classic Filipino Short Story in English: We Filipinos Are Mild Drinkers by Alejandro R. Roces "
" : Now : ED on Economics  Ms. Batacandolo speaks about the individual and community goals of the Filipino masses an"
"After changing into my swimsuit and shorts at work for an aquatic PT session:: oh my, those are some tan "
"Ayos na filipino namen yizz"
"  Kung sana natutupad lahat ng pangako after a seat in the senate, pagkaganda- "
" : Sila talaga ni Fumiya yung sobra ang growth inside PBB! can construct Filipino sentences and he's better in English"
"*speaking to someone #filipino*What's your name?RegineOmg can you sing? Sing for meNoI bet youre "
"SILINDRO PILIPINO PROJECT ~ our show on SUNDAY MAY 5th will also feature the artistry of BO RAZON who plays a numbe "
"  The donut store and new pup stories are I almost certain both Filipino/American families"
"Tsanggara Filipino time na Filipino time Berooooooon!!"
"Sila:Ano course mo sa college?: Teacher po Bsed major in Filipino.: Bagay sayo          Tulinan mo makapa "
"sorry twt ive been ia i have exams / been watching filipino dramas"
" : So when is JK Rowling gonna reveal that Voldermort is actually Filipino"
" :  I am a 32 year old American Filipino who was abandoned in 1986 at the  factory (worth YouTube). I am"
"Am I the only Filipino that likes my steak medium-well?"
" : I swear filipino parents/elderly be making the craziest explainations for everything. : I have a headache : It"
"The title of this playlist, though!   Like It's 1899 (Filipino Folk Songs) #NowPlaying"
"#CitizenServices is the Filipino access to diverse information on civil registration, passport application, and o "
" : Yamyam: Eat (fruit). You're a Filipino today!!: Nooooooo#PBB8FamiLAYF"
"john and I were watching tfc and we couldn stop laughing because of the camera work  someone please explain to m "
" As if national positions weren't enough for these political dynasties!'s the Anti Dynasty law "
"why does nako look like a filipino aunt "
"As if national positions weren't enough for these political dynasties!'s the Anti Dynasty law now?! "
" : Filipino eat all u can yum                #DyisIsItManila Hahayaan Na Lang by Vivoree feat CK "
" : #Filipinas abandona la Corte Penal Internacional #CPI. El presidente filipino, Rodrigo Duterte, no quiere que la #justi"
"One of my biggest dreams is to have a film about Filipino Americans in theatres all over the US. - Maritte Go.. "
"Tweet translated to Spanish, Haitian Creole, Swedish, Quer Otomi, Malagasy, Filipino, Quer Otomi, Persian "
" : Robert:: aRE YOu fiLIpInO????"
"  Our NT is half United Nations, half Filipino. "
"MARIA - ito ung action movie na magiging proud ka as filipino. alam nating sobrang hirap gumawa ng film pero ito, s "
"I don't care what kind of story you have. Why can't you understand me? How cheap you are! You're asking me to spea "
"   Damn ikulong narin lahat ng mga politiko na corrupt na clearly nagviolate "
"Young Filipino Scientist wins the 2019 Huie Dellmon Trust Endowed Professorship in Science. Gerard Dumancas, UP "
"We, the sovereign Filipino people . . . are never ever, ever getting back together  "
"Is this the President Duterte election campaign car? getting used to Filipino English words like province mea "
"AKALAIN MO UN 30 MINUTES LANG AKO NAG SAGOT SA MATH PARA MAKAHABOL SA FILIPINO TAPOS PAG DATING KO SA FIL TAPOS NA EXAM "
"Yabang mo na ngayon parang dati lang ako pa gumagawa ng assignment ko sa Filipino HaaaA??"
"  you sure you're not filipino like me? "
"as if filipino moms aren't tough enough a filipino mom who's a UP alumna is worse 't even try to argue "
"Many POLITICAL CANDIDATES are more motivated to hold power than to do what needs to be done. election time nears "
" But is it pronounced the Chinese way of the Filipino way "
"The Philippine journalists taking the rap in Duterte's latest war - Reuters UK (Reuters) - When Filipino jo "
"  Yes it does!! must realize the power each of their votes have when put together an "
"ano nangyari sa boses ni deku sa filipino dub ng mha hahahahaha"
"My Filipino ass could do it and imma make a mukbang YouTube video witit "
" Estos tienen tanto de peronistas como yo de filipino."
" : toxic filipino culture: kang sumaya sa paraan na gusto mo, kasi ayaw nila"
" oh what i said is a curse in/filipino... and pic says mom and dad...im sorry"
"Napakalaking karangalan para isang tulad ko na nagpapakadulabhasa sa Asignaturang Filipino na makadaupang-palad ang "
"Robert:: aRE YOu fiLIpInO????"
" or the famous  baby that I SWEAR every Filipino family knows of or has one "
"who calls filipino filo???? "
"filipino parents want you to either be a doctor or marry a doctor so bad smh "
" Pinoy big brother means si filipino kuya ang may ari ng bahay..it doesn't mean for pinoy only.. si kuya "
" : according to the asian girls on my timeline, filipino and viet boys are canceled... sooo basically its my time to shine"
"to clarify: the title was Licenciado.  de la Cruz is Juan de la Cruz, which is Filipino for John Doe"
"I was watching UKG kanina and nag-luluto sila ng spaghetti na classic Filipino style. Ang lala kasi condensed milk "
"I'm Filipino, so I'm used to hearing it from other Filipinos. In that context, I think there's some colonial histor "
"I don want people to think I shitty because I a Filipino boy  want people to think I shitty because I shitty"
"Unpopular Opinion: need more Filipino rappers like "
" My fave Filipino makeup vlogger  "
" : Filipino movies are just too much for me to handle  #danielpadilla"
" Where's our Filipino Lifelines at? ://t.co/MFnM5i1mrT"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"Im in the Undertale fandom? Make it Filipino in the Yuri on ice Fandom? Make it Filipino in the Banana Fish "
" :  For god sake Philippine do not arrest this  woman, who she thinks she is above the law"
"skl that a filipino scientist discovered how to induce flowering in mango trees even though it's not in season henc "
"  Good luck to our fellow Filipino Muslims. Mabuhay ang #Bangsamoro."
"Hello help pls do Filipino female adolescents perceive themselves when barefaced? are your visual standa "
" Hey Greg! I'm part of a Filipino American organization called UniPro and we would love for you to be a spe "
" Looking into the local food is normally one of my favorite parts of a Mania trip, but since I live in "
"         "
"Chocnut/Hany is just Filipino Reese's without the weird, fibery texture that almost made me think there'd been pape "
"The first-ever Filipino wax figure, Miss Universe 2015 . #PiaMadeIconic  "
"viral: filipino sign language fuck! Rip English vs Rip Tagalog  Philippine deaf community vlog "
"All of this hand wringing reminds me of the Filipino accounts that are gone now.  Because Duterte.  They parsed his "
"yea filipino and viet boys break hearts but have y ever fw a korean boy?? ... shits a diff typa hurt"
" : Happy Opening Day! Springtime is here. Baseball  season is upon us. Be a T-Pal &amp; pick up one of our TFAL CITY SHIS! He"
"The Mysteries of Being Filipino "
"Today, Villase owns  , a ready-to-wear fashion line with Chicano and Filipino influences. His piece "
"viral: filipino sign language fuck! Rip English vs Rip Tagalog  Philip... "
" minsan ang feels namin walang english translation wahahahaha that part too, when foreign accts eventua "
"Pope Francis named this week two new Filipino #bishops who will serve in the southern Philippine region of Mindanao "
"she a filipino actress"
" : Just like in real play, Rial Polog  the first Filipino to become draft eligible for the NBA 2K League  says defense wi"
" : to the filipino(?) kid that thought it was funny to call your other ASIAN friend a nigger, I DARE you to say it again "
"Not even a filipino but I know this dialogue. SKSKKSKSKSKS "
"me and kelly are bonding over our filipino grandmas "
"How do you make arte the Filipino way?  #racistgoogle"
"#CheatDayFridays Sensational Filipino-Canadian Creation  the LECHON KAWALI POUTINE!#MMH995 "
" . Ask yourself. Why does US firm Omidyar gave Rappler funds to operate in PH? The constitution cle "
"Filipino girls really are my weakness , fuck em lol"
"You forgot one more thing, : is American. While the other one has (dual) American and Fil "
"8am usapan gising ko 9:53? Ligo ko 10:15? Tapos papasok ako mga 11 sorry i am filipino "
"hungry for this shit every mornin kaso I'm a filipino, gonna live with the rice code bwhaha "
" Pati ba naman pagbubukas ng shop filipino time!!"
"So far, within a mile of White Eagle Hall, I've found the following: Hawaiian, Thai, Filipino, German, Pakistani, C "
"Filipino time suko na si 3rd mom"
" I'm Filipino why does everyone hate me."
"Tonight, I going to stay in, binge the rest of  while I eat  Filipino spaghetti."
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"I'm curious to know about your origins/family background and if you have ever faced any type of discrimination gr "
"Forty-eight people, mostly overseas Filipino workers, are facing the death penalty for violating 11 offenses under "
"Homies of Maginhawa! 's the screening schedule from MAR30-APR5  the HOME of Filipino films, #CinemaCentenario "
"Thanks for the plug  #1 newspaper, #1 all Filipino online news #TunayNaTabloidista "
"twitter warned me about filipino boys &amp; what did i fuckin do? be in love with my stupid headass filipino boy that c "
" Ikr? That group rational filipino is full of irrational and immature retards suffering from intellectual bankruptcy "
" I a filipino man too bitch"
"Thank you,  for putting a Filipino-American family on primetime network TV for the first time. We "
"Contractor on why they hire Chinese workers for a privately funded construction project:  have some technical, w "
" This alien  think can get away from her crimes, just because she is an American citizen "
" This prime filipino culture"
"yall keep asking for quality filipino films but wont support one when released "
"Learning Filipino with   "
"MY MOM SENT ME SO MUCH FILIPINO SNACKS AND FOOD "
"38. ever eaten frog's legs: fam cooked them in a famous filipino dish,, at first i thought it was chicken but i realized it isnt"
"y don rlly hate filipino boys y just trying to fit in ooOops"
"Filipino Chicken Curry  "
"Listen folks, I not racist ok?? I don care if you chinese, japanese , korean, mongolian, vietnamese, or fili "
"Just like in real play, Rial Polog  the first Filipino to become draft eligible for the NBA 2K League  says defen "
"Ang nadiskubre nila ay maaaring magamit sa pagharap sa problema sa plastic sa Pilipinas.  Sana nga! "
" i'm Filipino but 1/4 Chinese and Mexican : &gt;"
"filipino mutuals you are all kaibigan"
"This LSU baseball team is BAD."
"11) im filipino but cant speak it bc my mom doesn teach me and im too lazy to teach myself i can read and understand easily"
"Chicago food! Went for mostly American Meals  might as well,  but I had Enough and am glad to be home for "
" I am type O+. I am on the bone marrow registry to be a bone marrow.  And I am mixed race. Half Filipino and half caucasian."
"Point being, there exists a practice within Filipino culture which drives many to fabricate  manners and "
"toxic filipino trait naay mi amin nimo na crush ka niya, you are now obliged to give back the same feelings "
"Know your history #Filipino. The greatest naval fight in #WW2 has got to be the battle of #Leyte #Philippines "
"ONLINE LINKS://t.co/gSkZ4cPDZe://t.co/ldzLwoz4fc://t.co/I6j2TpkcSE://t.co/RNw9Y040Hd "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"Joint I-751 Application Approved for Filipino Client in New Jersey "
"Did you know the average footy career only lasts around 4 - 5 years?  So, how did Aussie-Filipino rugby legend "
" Have you had to learn Filipino Martial Arts for the stick fighting scenes with Rick &amp; Hope? Loved "
"Always Filipino time"
"It's hard to find a Filipino girl when you're outdated by all the Filipinos in NTX for being am Athiest "
"This nurse made me her BOMB ass Filipino dish and told me not to tell anyone bc she just brought ME some. Lmao I felt special af "
" One city has both a Korean fast food and a Filipino fast food restaurant. I guessing not too many others do. Embrace that."
"sure, whatever conveniences you and helps you get off at night FUCKING FILIPINO"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
" hi, try bringing  to Manila. THERE ARE SO MANY FILIPINO FANS WAITING FOR THEM."
"  oh no akshskshjss a literal translation of what Keith said in the Filipino dub would be I "
" Why are we allowing this to happen?! We have many skilled Filipino workers who can do this kind of work."
"Should I watch a Filipino movie or go to sleep"
" : Nanawagan po ako sa mga ulalong dilawan at kay Panget na PotangHippo Jover Laurio  puro kayo unghang, anti"
"Mystified is iFlix's first original filipino film, and y'all aren't going to watch it tonight? Ugh shame. "
" : SAN FRANCISCO / BAY AREA we partnered with  for a series of pop-ups and a food crawl highlighting so"
"Ironic how quick the Philippine government litigates businesses that are allegedly partially owned by foreign entit "
"Filipino duathletes and triathletes get the chance to assess the Southeast Asian Games competition in Sunday Trif "
"What so ironic is that  Pride comes from putting up a fa in front of foreigners to showcase how suppos "
"Comfort Food indeed  Kare Wings  Manam Comfort Filipino "
"  WAIT WHAT so confused Keith said he was in love with the Filipino dub???"
"College basketball gets me more sad than Filipino movies."
"the fact i can hear my moms loud ass filipino voice over my music in my head phones is absurd . i love that woman."
" : What the real reason y be mad about whoever y date communicating w/ their ex?"
"  He has captured the imagination of the Filipino to dream, to rise above his situation and to improve himself."
" : Atm: Ms. Batacandolo on her talk about AmBisyon 2040- the goals and aspirations of the Filipino nation. "
"Birrhday dinner pagkatapos ng contract signing ni Ianna Dela Torre sa Star Music. Salamat sa imbitasyon ng album  p "
"Kahit recognition Filipino time pa din ako "
" sabi nga sa isang filipino proverb sa kaniya ka sa tanghali, akin ka sa gabi"
" : Tonight, 3/28  Grace Talusan () is joined in conversation by author Alex Marzano-Lesnevich () to discus"
"Atm: Ms. Batacandolo on her talk about AmBisyon 2040- the goals and aspirations of the Filipino nation. "
"Continuing the Filipino food tour, my favourite childhood dessert!  #halohalo   Tita's Kitchenette  at Tita's Kit "
" are you planning to learn some filipino languages i mean the other  related languages that we have like visaya or ilokano .?"
"Continuing the Filipino food tour, my favourite childhood dessert!  #halohalo  Tita's Kitchenette "
"CHEAPEST FILIPINO STREET FOOD! Eating at ROXAS NIGHT MARKET in Davao Phi... "
"  You make kinikilig kilig na kilig kilig sa inyo....HAHAHA nag sama ang kithea love team "
" He catfished me as a 12 year old Filipino boy online actually."
"CEO and executive editor of Filipino news website Rappler, Maria Ressa was arrested over a charge of violating the "
"Versace On The Floor - Bruno Mars (Filipino Bruno Mars) Sings it while s... "
"a sudden influx of Filipino shows and OG movies on Netflix, game changer #sukob "
" : no one: tl: FILIPINO BOYS ARE HEABREAKERS"
"osea merry internacional estuvo cagandole el palo a merry filipino porque pensaron que no tendrian el first win por "
"Just like in real play, Rial Polog  the first Filipino to become draft eligible for the NBA 2K League  says defen "
" : Watched a Filipino movie with my girl and I was literally bawling my eyes out "
" hopefully soon.. i heard there are lots of modern filipino restos in mnl."
"Yo honestly  if my grandpa wasn down af for my grandma we probably would have grown up around his Filipino "
" AlsoAre you Filipino?YesAnd you're in Spanish class?YesDont you already speak Spanish????????? "
"Filipino parties gmfu I can stop eating. How can I with all this food in front of me"
"I love doing research for my #NewAdult #DarkFantasy #WIP on Filipino magic called Kulam #WritingCommunity"
" : American dance hits VS. Filipino/Asian dance hits  "
"I want my kid to be mixed w Filipino but i only have so much of that gene and my bf Mexican  can I use some "
"Lo que acaba de pasar con Paenza y la generaci dorada en la NBA es igual a: un filipino llega a Boca, la rompe to "
" owner of  &amp; cilantrolime2.0 tried Filipino food for the first time. Find out what he t "
"Filipino time nga naman"
" we stan our Filipino avenger"
" : Biiiiitch support your local Filipino brand   they up and coming with some real dope shit! Link in my bio"
"When typing a speech*filipino language**Deletes one word**Delete all* ko kaya hahahaha"
" : really wish more filipino restos were on this list  why we're having a hard time getting on this list https://"
"The home of Filipino films - #CinemaCentenario Lineup of movies for April 2019.[a thread] #WelcomeHome "
"Binatang Filipino yeah  "
"Paano naconsider na K-beauty products if gawa ng Filipino beauty brand? "
"As always, thank you to my friends from  for giving me and the rest of the #BookwormsUnitePH crew the cha "
"Jay's story is moving, it's fast-paced, and the way it immerses it's readers to an incredibly accurate depiction of "
"Patron Saints of Nothing is a story written by #ownvoices author, Randy Ribay, about Jayson Reguero, a Filipino-Ame "
"Ask yourself. Why does US firm Omidyar gave Rappler funds to operate in PH? The constitution clearly states media c "
"The home of Filipino films - #CinemaCentenario Lineup of movies for April 2019.[a thread] #WelcomeHome "
"This dude across of me is on the phone with his headphones on. And he hella yelling like the dude on the other li "
"I can watch Filipino shows or movies.. I get waaayyy in my feels.  where the tissues at?!"
"Now : ED on Economics  Ms. Batacandolo speaks about the individual and community goals of the Filipino masses "
"They are the Filipino who spreading Good Vibes in their Videos. Maraming depressed na tao na natutulungan nila by g "
"Sir: ginagawa mo ja: nagpahuway lang ako sir 72"
" : KRISTEEN MARIE B. YUMANG  Dame of Dadiangas University, Business and Management  "
" : My Filipino ass still gonna order it tho  "
"Me as a Filipino nurse...  "
" : Finally, after 48 years, nakanood na rin ng Kuya Wes. and surprise surprise, may kasama pala akong nanood, nagtanungan pa kami"
"why are filipino moms like (calls someone) HELLO KAMUSTA KA"
"Steven H. Arandia, President of Filipino Club, is now signing off. #TamadNaPresident"
"    was part of Episode 9 filmed in the Philippines? Looked "
"you know what? i don think i mentioned this but i really like dancing i had a filipino friend who actually a "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"  no, just support filipino films hehehe"
"Toxic Filipino Culture: you are an adult and you still like Anime or collecting figures they deem as CHILDREN' "
" Hahahahaha just block them. ka rin pala "
"Jinhwan bias wrecker ka talaga!!! I love how he shared to Filipino iKONICS about his experiences living in the Phil "
" : help me decide , whats a better name for a magazine/publication that focuses on the intersections of filipino food culture"
"a post about filipino bread showed up on my timeline and now i can stop thinking about pandesal and ensaymada"
" : Just because Fumiya is in a Filipino TV Show doesnt mean he have to change his nationality just so he can please someone."
" : Bisexual Pride PH mainly posts about Filipino Bisexual Men &amp; Women or Lesbians or Gays but sometimes features Twice ships"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
" Lame scriptwriting editing Love team yung typical na Filipino Film"
"I be turning up the volume on these filipino movies like I really understand "
"love filipino parents logic when they call u disrespectful bc u asked them to respect ur privacy!!! love it!!!"
"really wish more filipino restos were on this list  why we're having a hard time getting on this list "
"  Hindi pa ba obvious sayo panlalamang ng China! Triple faced American/Filipino/Chinese citizenships! "
"  Filipino with the best moral compass may want to recheck that moral com "
" :  V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
" How adventurous do you wanna get? Cause we could not go a square mile and eat Hawaiian/Filipino/German/ "
" I also had that moment. Once I using Facebook, a Filipino sent a request so I just accept and then he spam "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"  bcz your a filipino i thought your not"
" there are a lot of filipino nets fans you know? for some of us this isn a joke"
"The looks that will take you to a whole new level  catch the #BENCHxRafe collection at Day 1 of the #BFW_SS19 2019 "
"PANOORIN: Mga pagkaing tampok sa 'Filipino Food Month' "
"#Iponing na ba 'to for Filipino GOT7 fans? "
" : 4. Tito Genova Valiente- Professional Film Critic and Educator- First Ever Filipino Benshi (Silent Film Narrator)- Execu"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"list of incorrect opinions:- the rhythm heaven franchise sucks- filipino food is bad"
" : 3. Mauro Feria Tumbocon Jr- Professional Writer/Journalist for Filipino Cinema- Former member of Manunuri ng Pelikulang P"
" : Photos: Peek inside Apoy, south Minneapolis' 'unapologetically Filipino' new restaurant "
" : Makes me all kinds of happy to see a solid Filipino restaurant doing well in Minneapolis. Sisig, lechon kewalai, ube desert"
"Leading Filipino journalist Maria Ressa arrested again  "
"How do you think the world will end?  over some dumb shit "
"Du30 engages in double talk. He hates communist rebels (cpp-ndf-npa) but glorifies China, a communist country. And, "
"   Shes a fake news drama queen. Shes spreading lies. I dont know how she "
"So China pala ang boss ni Duterte at hindi ang mga Filipino?! #TRAYDOR "
" :  Spanish colonial period left these marks on Filipino culture that last even today. You have things like"
"Is the Filipino term for pubic hair called bulbol because of the curly-entangled appearance of it, making it look Buhul-Bohol=BulBol?"
" Where is this from? This is the first time I've heard this version of the (Filipino) International."
" : Toxic Filipino Culture: maka barkada'g nay uyab, that means ga uyab uyab nsd naka."
" Los Angeles County Department of Mental Health  presents 2019 Filipino Mental Health Well-being Summit "
" Learn filipino tongue twisters Carly "
"Trust me darling, I know who talks shit behind my back yes all of you I just don't show it cause what is the point "
"#MyPhBoy ctto 3 Kurt. ://t.co/LoTQU4tYDH my accounts ig/tw  fb/yt "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
" na Rate at lalong tataas pag Malaki ang Padala! Gamitin at Free Online Registration!  Pick- "
"can they arrest the PH Gov't as well for not being 100% Filipino owned?"
"may perks din pala yung Filipino time"
" For god sake Philippine do not arrest this  woman, who she thinks she is above the law "
" : I need Google in my brain and an Antivirus in my heart"
" : That crazy that Tay Tay recognizes him after months of not seeing each other "
" For god sake Philippine do not arrest this  woman, who she thinks she is above the law "
" I Filipino boys"
" Excellent! Next time I'm through Denver, I'll make you &amp; the fam Filipino food!"
"imma make it my goal to learn to speak filipino but then forget how to speak it when i go philippines"
" Next: a werehen firing eggs out of its splayed vagina into a man waiting mouth like a Filipino floorshow."
"Maria Ressa to the Press (and probably to every Filipino people): Aren't you guys getting tired of this??? "
"  would you wear a Philippine Flag shirt like this? ://t.co/1x4TmUvZ0K"
" : Imagine if people had to handle all disputes with basketball  "
"      Are you a Filipino? You dont "
"Ang daming magagandang filipino films na under indie sayang wala sila masyadong exposure kasi ayaw tanggapin ng pro "
"11. LAST TEXT dad hehehe,, i filipino so we say bistek instead of like beef steak ig LMAOO it a pinoy dish s "
". got to perform with American pop star  at the . She expressed her admiration "
"All this hate from Filipino and Viet guys, I got us bros  ya Asian women be ratchet     "
" your major? is it cause your filipino? "
" : Next week: Filipino Fiesta, Job Fair, Track and Field meet at Sartoris Field, Art Gallery reception, Theatre production opens a"
"SHUT THE FUCK UP IF I SEE ONE MORE TWEET SLANDERING FILIPINO MEN IM FADING ALL YOU WHORES DONT DATE FILIPINO GUYS THEN TANGINA MO"
" my mother works in Taiwan. Vegetables in 80% of the Chinese diet. Im Filipino, an ex have cook me a m "
"Super aliw and amazed ako sa entries sa #SigawDarna  Ang nice ng mga artworks ng filipino artists."
"EXPLAINING TO THE WRONG BOSS explained to China that PH govt has nothing to do with ICC complaint filed vs "
"WTF? Our tax payer dollars now pay to learn filipino punjabi and somali? Last week the focus was arobic and indigin "
" : Toxic filipino culture:  bagsak ka, bobo ka. "
"Finally, after 48 years, nakanood na rin ng Kuya Wes. and surprise surprise, may kasama pala akong nanood, nagtanun "
" : An elderly woman stopped me in the store today &amp; said,  I saw you I thought what the hell is she?!  often conf"
"Binatang Filipino yeah!  din ang nobyo yeah!  "
"Toxic filipino mentality "
" : hINDI PA NG FILIPINO CULTURE 'YONG UNFAIR TREATMENT SA PANGANAY AT YOUNGER SIBS, OKAY? KINGINA NAKAKASUKA 'YONG TOXICI"
"Being queer AND Filipino means using  as your pronouns"
"My grandma just called me to let me know that the Filipino News told her that there lots of marijuana in the Philippines..."
"Toxic filipino mindset"
"taena dami reviewhin sa filipino"
"Filipino consumers and businessmen turned more upbeat in the first quarter of the year post PH consumers, busin "
"Overheard sabi ni Maria Ressa nasa likod daw nya ang sambayanan Filipino,  nasa likod nya nag bubunyi sa pag ka "
"Rt to be added to a filo gc~ doesn't matter who you stan~ hopefully you stan NCT, BTS, or TXT~ knows putangina "
" Very well said he deserve to be a big winner his already a Filipino I love Fumiya"
"Our partners in Japan, , have a new program for deployed sailors. On March 15, YCAPS Afloat kicked off i "
"My facebook timeline is filled with graduation posts thanking their parents. always see toxic posts about the Fi "
"Maria Clara'ng bagsak sa Filipino, nyiii hahahahahaha "
"Colors of a Filipino breakfast: Sinigang na Bangus sa Miso and Kitkit. "
"I think it's high time to problematize the roles and the definition of Filipino influencers and their impact on pub "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"Weirdest Filipino folk Catholicism ritual I have heard so far: To appease the cafre (big black tree monster), bury "
" : had a filipino music themed meeting for barkada today and convinced my fellow eboard members to play that good good "
"Yesterday,  closed 's first anniversary summit by relating a Filipino version of Aesop's "
" : HAPPENING NOW - Consulate General of the Republic of the Philippines Inaugural Ceremony. The Consulate re-opens after 25+"
" HILLARY UR FILIPINO?!?!?!?!"
"El filipino (Tagalo) es el idioma oficial y m hablado en Filipinas. Adem el ingl comparte oficialidad y es ha "
"Where did all these Filipino dramas on Neckflix come from"
"What do you expect? The president would rather appease his Chinese masters than protect the dignity of Filipino fis "
"Incidentally, this is an elegant way of explaining the so-called filipino  culture "
"I was so confused when I watched , esp because #filipinos tend to feel hyper festive when theatre acto "
"        "
"Filipino eat all u can yum                #DyisIsItManila Hahayaan Na Lang by Vivoree feat CK "
"Asian Twitter is about their ass whup, where is this hate coming from to Filipino boys"
" : Filipino romantic movies hits hard af"
"So ayun ako magpepresent sa filipino huhu"
" : Fumiya -Kun, what a  playing Philippine style basketball in Japan with Filipino. U are really an inspiration liv"
"Hats off to those construction people working their asses off overnight just to finish the job!!! workers aint lazy bois"
" : Maria Ressa, known as anti-fake news crusader was arrested on early Friday morning, 29 March, over a charge of violating the"
"   Pasensya na po. Hindi na po namin uulitin. will now try to start the "
"Fck toxic filipino culture"
"My Filipino team surprised me with a going away breakfast and I honestly speechless because I never met a grou "
"Expertly hand-rolled and fried to a perfect crunch, our pork and chicken lumpia satisfy Filipino food cravings ever "
" Anti-Dummy law raw, hindi ata aminado pamahalaan na 100% Filipino owned Rappler kung ano ano na binabato nila sakanila ahu"
"Manila faces dilemma over returning Filipino Daesh fighters "
"Sakop pala ng Kautusan iyun kaugnay sa pananamit noong 2007 pa at hindi sa termino niya.  Binigyang-diin din ni May "
"One additional measles case in Hong Kong for Filipino travellers has been staying at a hotel in Mong Kok "
"Filipino consumers and businessmen turned more upbeat in the first quarter of the year. |  "
"oomf just called bretman the filipino equivalent of james charles ://t.co/BT1NcVA2YE"
"AWE! paapas na lage ang letter bol. It's so hard kaya writing for the people you truly care and love. Mao na iwit m "
"Filipino time "
" : NCCA, Department of Agriculture debut #FilipinoFoodMonth festivity this April "
" whoaaaa THAT'S SO COOL i swear filipino is one of the coolest languages  always wanted to learn but i have no resources lol"
"Update: , author of  Latinos of Asia  How Filipino Americans Break the Rules of Race just DM "
"CASE #4 for tax evasion that depriving the filipino people of funds for govt programs??"
"It makes me feel that BEING A FILIPINO IS A SHAME"
"filipino time "
"Filipino naman sya pero bakit laging indian"
"I'm at Karilagan Fine Filipino Cuisine in South San Francisco, CA "
" Get the Filipino flag tatted on your back LOL"
"Watched a Filipino movie with my girl and I was literally bawling my eyes out "
" They serve the president not the Filipino people. Then somehow, people are blindly following such "
"Every Filipino siblings weakness*paghati hatian ang lupa na pinamana ng kanilang mga magulang*"
"Govt recently's been like a toxic filipino parent, telling their kids to just shut up and listen"
"VIVA VALERA! VIVA VERA! Si Rey Valera at Rody Vera ang tatanggap ng 2019 gawad Dangal ni Balagtas ng KWF. Si Valera "
" the Filipino place is close to the venue as well, just in the other direction."
"REPOST from  | Red salute to all Party cadres and members, all  NPA commanders and fighters, all revolution "
" hi can you give me roblox account please i dont know where to buy robux because i am filipino my birthday "
"      Try it, you'll like it.  In other news: you ca "
" Jersey City has a lot of good food options. My wife was telling me there a Filipino fast food place there I should try."
" : Sa araw na ito, maaaring kumonsulta sa wikang Filipino sa telepono mula 4 pm hanggang 8 pm. #charmjapan #hotline #Filipino"
"19. English, Filipino, and twitter language"
"HAYYYYYYY NGAYON KO LANG NARANASAN NA MASTRESS DAHIL SA FILIPINO.  KAKAIBANG STRESS TO GRABE "
" : ://t.co/XHXiiq24SB"
" is being arrested because apparently, Rappler is not 100% Filipino-owned., this country's alread "
" : Pres. George HW Bush secretly sponsored Filipino boy for decade "
"Maria Ressa, known as anti-fake news crusader was arrested on early Friday morning, 29 March, over a charge of viol "
" :  que el mam con los ojos m grandes es el tarsero filipino (Tarsius syrichta) o que el pez m lento es el"
"Versace killer was Filipino woah"
"I about to go on a date with a Filipino boy like wow I really am an abb..."
". Para lang tulad ng pangakong pag-aasenso at greatest Christmas gift to the Filipino people ng TRA "
" Sa filipino ako dzai immortal friend kaayu ang maistra sa 1st grading hahahahaha"
"LMAO everyone rlly be coming for the filipino boy community "
" : Season 2 out at midnight!  #OnMyBlock"
" : today i witnessed a filipino boy drop his juul out his supreme fanny pack in the middle of a boba shop &amp; if thats not the m"
" ellen filipino loves you......"
"Toxic Filipino attitude: Yung gusto kung san pumara dun agad agad papahintuin si manong driver kahit bawal at makakacause ng traffic "
"JK Rowling reveals that you are a Filipino animated movie and I don't have any orbs now orz(I'm just a fabricatio "
" More good projects to be benefited by the Filipino people up to the end of his term.#goodhealth  Birthday PRRD"
" : Monthly Filipino meetup tonight "
" : Random tweets to ease anxiety: films are a given, but my fave mainstream Filipino films are Tuhog and The Reu"
"Government to Filipino seasonal workers: No visas this year "
"PANOORIN: Mga pagkaing tampok sa 'Filipino Food Month' "
"Solid nung parating na event!  3 on 3 basketball skateboard/BMX Competition Graffiti Bboy Car sh "
"Sinophobia is rearing its ugly head because of the manufactured animosity against the Chinese. Who are we targeting "
"Kada may nakikita kong test paper hinihiling ko na sana filipino huhu"
" : I don't know why I feel hurt or offended when some people tell me  I thought you're non-Filipino or You don't look li"
" : It's now the turn of local candidates to win the hearts of voters. Here are the positions up for grabs: "
"I'm not one for stereotypes but when  talks about his Filipino Mom, I see all of my friends' Filipino Moms an "
"I love asian people specially filipino. are super sarcastic."
"according to the asian girls on my timeline, filipino and viet boys are canceled... sooo basically its my time to shine"
"It's really hard to make other nationalities see our Nationality as equal as theirs if even the other fellow Filipi "
"YAAAAAAAAASSSSSSSSS artists are my only inspirations rn "
" Filipino spaghetti smack! It must be the sugar they put in it lol"
" : favourite filipino, go  I have two - Eunice and Jasmin  "
"  "
"im full filipino  "
"the constitutional requirement for mass media to be 100-percent Filipino owned may ganun pala :o"
" Nope its Filipino culture"
"PANOORIN: Mga pagkaing tampok sa 'Filipino Food Month' "
"if i home, i just binge filipino movies again "
" : Pero ibang klase talaga EERIE sa lahat ng Filipino horror movies, sobrang galing! 10/10!!!"
" : TOXIC FILIPINO CULTURE??? LOKO LANG SI BOLBOL ULO (jon gutierrez) AND A FEW OTHERS DAMAY NA LAHAT NG LALAKE TANGIN"
"The campaign season for local candidates begins today. There are 61,843,750 registered voters nationwide. The top f "
" got introduced into hip hop through graffiti and breakdancing because my cousin on my Filipino side would clear "
"Ulaw kaayo no kung di ka mahonor tungod sa Filipino hahahahhahahahaha"
"40. filipino "
"Someday....my team will win the Mayor's Cup.  But for Saturday's Annual Scholarship  Golf Tournament  sponsored by "
"toxic filipino culture?  gayagaya kung anong uso. "
" :   kuya, u r pogi, aesthetic, Harry Potter (Filipino Version), smart, mabait, magaling mag bball. Ingat"
"  It the same thing for me, but for written pieces I hidden for years regarding Fi "
"I swear nothing tastes better than a good homecooked Filipino meal by your momma "
"toxic filipino family culture?  may nirerecomenda sayo na ayaw mo tapos pipilitin nila walang kasiyahan men "
" : hi if u happen to be or know someone else who's a filipino high school student aged 15-18 studying in quezon city, pls help m"
" Wish him to have a long life and be able to help the country be free from the "
"Any filipino  that is planning to go to singapore this May for #Hallyupopfest??"
"News say that there's a fire in Abad Santos St in Bangkal, Makati. I lived in Bangkal for almost 20 years and there "
"Only Filipino can relate  "
"Kaya naman jeje yung Filipino hiphop sa iba kasi nga Filipino gumawa. Pero yung gucci gang na paulit ulit oks lang. "
"Rappler and its executives were accused of violating the constitutional requirement for mass media to be 100-perce "
" : Those who spot candidates violating campaign rules may report to 's social media pages and hotlines. Candidates"
"Filipino Pancit Recipe "
" jisoo bout to do the dual voice routine on a filipino talent show"
"buti na lang late ako nagising sabi na eh filipino time yang path talk eh hahaha"
"White celebrity: I an 1/18 Filipino.  American entertainment blogs: "
"Sabing 7:30 am hahaha Filipino nga naman"
"I was doing a stupid Filipino* stick dance in gym class and twisted my ankle something fierce.*The teacher said "
" : so do any filipino boys wanna break MY heart !?!?"
"  Jail that CRIMINAL and fake Filipino hiding behind freedom of speech. #FRAUD #HoldHerTail"
"Filipino time talaga sila "
"  "
"Szechuan House, Aloha Hotel, Roxas Boulevard | Filipino Food Blogger  Always Hungry PH "
" : I wanna see a Filipino street fair happen on god I get down on palabok pancit and arroz caldo I craving so bad"
"Nagpapasalamat ako sa aking mga guro, kamag-aral, at magulang na buong tiyagang tumulong at sumuporta sa aking pag- "
"  is it okay if im Filipino and im going to audition in this project ,is there be a chance t "
"Es muy f lista: - estilo Ucraniano-estilo filipino.-estilo polaco.-estilo marroqu.-estilo rumano.-estilo "
" You, your mom and sisters are great examples for my daughters,  ! So proud to be a Filipino bec of people like you!"
"Ang gaganda kaya ng mga lumalabas na Filipino Hiphop and Rap songs lately. "
"#PaanoKayaKung hindi nalang tayo nag loan sa  China? May likitaw pa kayang issue na ipambabayad natin ang ating s "
"old filipino ladies will talk shit about anyone and anything my god"
"CAN ANYONE TELL WHERE CAN I DOWNLOAD FILIPINO MOVIES?!?! LIKE I BADLY WANT TO WATCH ALL HSVDJSKDNKDNXKDNS*ps those in HD xuwbdjdks"
"Next week: Filipino Fiesta, Job Fair, Track and Field meet at Sartoris Field, Art Gallery reception, Theatre produc "
"Celebrities running in the May 13 elections - CNN Philippines "
" : The start of intermittent fasting. I finna proudly take my shirt off by July. Fuckboy Filipino in the making."
"the hardest thing in this world is probably guessing what an interviewer might ask because the last time i checked "
"  It crazy how the left call you  racist because you support trump. I a white guy part I "
" Filipino*"
" : #PaanoKayaKung Filipino culture nowadays wasn't born? Maybe until now, there was no people who easily judged by others."
"u know how fuckin EMBARASSING it is to be the filipino at karaoke that DOESN know how to SING.... absolutely MOIFYING!!!!"
"favourite filipino, go  I have two - Eunice and Jasmin  "
" :  Happy Birthday Mr President Duterte  Thank you for the Love for the Filipino people. Wishing you more st"
" : Why are Linda Sombrero stans so pressed about the colorism issue? Literally nobody's attacking her, just addressing how"
"PILIPINAS AT MGA FILIPINO, GUMISING KAYO! ILUKLOK SA PUWESTO ANG MGA NARARAPAT! MAGANDANG UMAGA MGA POKPOK!"
"Filipino movies on Netflix with my babies while we eat popsicles. "
" Hoy el karma est fino filipino "
" Ngl i was a HUGE fan of the filipino lance hc bc of the dub but also bc i wanted rep "
"Instead of demanding proof from Filipino fishermen, the government should instead conduct an -the-ground investi "
"sometimes my Very filipino mother will text me saying anak and autocorrect will change it to fucking anal. do u k "
"my filipino is so weak i have to type phonetically and then u have advanced yutes na gumagamit pa ng mga numero, li "
"  Facebook, I have many Filipino friends"
"MANILA  Two Filipino acts competed in the third round of Asia's Got Talent semifinals week that aired on... "
" : #TheFilipinoVotes: Illegal posters or campaign materials of local candidates outside common posting areas are banned be"
"Man, I love my Filipino aunties. New clothes new make up, I  you"
"maya na ligo filipino time naman practice e sisipag ng mga titser nayan."
"   I not even Filipino but this is just uncultured culture"
" Awardees! Nominate your classmates now. Just for fun  ^_^  Hindi kasi naiiwasang may mga bansag a "
" : Arguing about the students good manners, proper etiquette and other aspects needed to be an effective filipino citizen in the"
"hINDI PA NG FILIPINO CULTURE 'YONG UNFAIR TREATMENT SA PANGANAY AT YOUNGER SIBS, OKAY? KINGINA NAKAKASUKA 'YONG TOXICITY"
" :         "
" :   I,   Filipino American thank you for your genuine love serving our senio"
"Shrimp Sinigang with Cabbage Recipe by #PinoyRecipeAtIbaPa://t.co/vyF9psi4ha.#FilipinoRecipes #PinoyRecipes "
" LMAO welcome to a majority of Filipino rom coms. I can recommend some better ones. Cause the way they "
"Fil-Ams in NJ anxious to support Amatorio's candidacy for mayor of Bergenfield; Will run with Deauna - Filipino Rep "
" Yot sa filipino ug math yot. Kamo tulo absent unya ako ra isa tengene"
"bruh what if he half korean half filipino  "
" : FUCK FILIPINO MENTALITY NA PAG HINDI MED FIELD OR ENGINEERING YUNG COURSE MO, WALANG PERA. TANGINA."
" : there are prolly a lot of Filipino actors/actresses that are talented but it isn't evident because of the films that they are"
"Government to Filipino seasonal workers: No visas this year "
" Ethnically he Spanish, Jewish, Filipino &amp; Puerto Rican lol ppl were tryna stretch that Puerto Rican to Black"
"Freethought Radio:  Interview with founder of Filipino Freethinkers "
"at this point, to say that philippine cinema still needs to improve is an understatement. are a LOT of great "
"CHEAPEST FILIPINO STREET FOOD! Eating at ROXAS NIGHT MARKET in Davao Phi... "
" : I actually muted the words  boys and  and my TL isn filled with trivial clout chasing posts, ne"
" josereyalo: Rasikh_Muhammad ManangImee Yes my friend. It is Filipino for Thank you. It's etymology lists it as "
"Filipino fishermen being harassed by CCG - ADM Davidson. If confirmed.. we will raise it through diplomatic channe "
"Mga Filipino kc kalimitan magugulang sa trabaho.. kaya ayan. Pero kahit anong gulang sa trabaho d nmn naasenso. "
" : FINDING FILIPINO MUTUALS!!- rt niyo na mga ka-jOnEl- follow ko kayo- gUlapAnatics forever - let's be friends haKdoG"
"true love is filipino time. okay lang mainip"
" Galing Benjo!!!  Bag Man is the best Filipino series ive watched sofar!!!! Congrats"
"MY 14th STATE : STATE OF WASHINGTON  EVERGREEN STATE#ootdmen #pinoy #filipino #pinoybae #asian #asianboy "
"   Excuse mo? You're not making sense? Cnong sila lng makikinabang? You mean Fili "
" I did! Specifically did Psych for my undergrad and social psych for my graduate studies. My thesis had bee "
" : Anything for the Filipino audience! You guys deserve so much better so ill try and do better with each film I make. Please"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"  Yes my friend. It is Filipino for Thank you. It's etymology lists it as having Arab "
" Proud to be a Haseul stan and a Filipino"
"Need a Mexican boo who has family recipes to share and has an interest in Filipino cuisine. also be insane like me but that's a bonus"
"    My nephew Kayden is mixed Black and Filipino  but we named him t "
"  I had better experience with a Filipino and Cambodian then a Korean lol the Korean guy ghosted me too "
" : A2 This is a huge one. Shouts to  for this wording.  think that, particularly in both my cultures (Mexican/"
"i hope tv5 continues v/d filipino dub SJJSJDJSJDSJjjaKskx"
"Feast Meets West podcast: Changing the Conversation About Filipino Food via /r/asianamerican "
"MY 14th STATE: WASHINGTON  EVERGREEN STATE#wa #washington #mtranier #nationalpark #pinoy #filipino #pinoybae "
"who the hell keeps saying filipino boys are heart breakers. half of us play guitar and go to church every sunday amen."
"Filipino time nga naman jusme"
"Filipino Milford"
"This is great news for the Filipino community because after soooo many years, they finally reopened! I was sad I "
" Sevanavank Monastery, Armenia......#photography #snow #monastery #traveler#exploretheworld #pinoy "
"A2 This is a huge one. Shouts to  for this wording.  think that, particularly in both my cultures (Me "
"To the Filipino Catholics, do you want the future administration to continue mocking your faith? Will you tolerate "
" : Retro is the 8th studio album of Filipino singer-actress Regine Velasquez, released in 1996 through Polycosmic Recor"
"Boban is hitting 3s before Simmons...... "
"Tonight is the night when binge-watchers around the world will be glued to their PCs and smartphones for "
"  "
"All #Filipino everythang  Are you swooning over this #handwoven ensemble like we are? Our partner "
"Ang saya lang , dami na Filipino Movies sa Netflix "
" Filipino food and Pho"
"Uno sa filipino. no sa ibang subject  corny ko"
"I have no words. I am angry. I am sad. I feel hopeless. But at the same time, the fire in me that wants to keep the "
" what about the Filipino boys that get mistaken for other ethnicities "
" : Die Beautiful  attend the wake of Trisha, a Filipino transgender woman. They look back into the her life as s"
"The #Filipino Chicken Adobo is my go-to home cooked meal when it a busy day. The garlic-vinegar aroma and flavors "
" toxic filipino culture: issue na agad"
"        "
" hey are you a filipino?!"
"Do you know the third party between dara and his ex bf the filipino one? If I remember the girl is a japanese gir "
" :   fried, family, filipino Mendoza  #tooMAiNEYblessings"
"Anila, sa taong 2020 ay wala na ang backlog sa license plates dahil sa robotic plate-making machine na kayang gumaw "
"Filipino time ba"
" :   Filipino festival featuring #tooMAiNEYblessings"
" I just sucked some filipino titties, and it was absolutely fantastical"
"looks like my Filipino ass is in luck "
" : . powerful second performance on affirming fans' hopes for a first Filipino champion on th"
"Filipino problems: my phone forever auto-capitalizing the word , which means older sister in Tagalog. But in E "
" "
"  How about specifically a Filipino?? And one that doesn just piggy back on other asian ster "
" and  have respectively introduced their own new budget-friendly flagship-esque smartphones to "
"everybody on twitter knows filipino boys ain shit "
"What happened to sovereignty and democracy that China can openly monitor (i.e. stalk) a Filipino citizen in his own "
" happy birthday bro! Just found out you Filipino. GG and fitting my youngest is wearing this shirt today. "
"My pride as a Filipino has lost me 5 dollars "
" knew I was Filipino so they gave me extra garlic - me to my tourmates, who didn ask  Sipz Vegetarian Fusi "
"Philippine-born children of Chinese immigrants could now become full-fledged Filipino citizens with their parent "
"Benjie Tan, who was working for ComNet, posted a short message to the Usenet newsgroup soc.culture.filipino:"
" knew I was Filipino so they gave me extra garlic - me to my tourmates, who didn ask  Sipz Vegetarian Fusi "
" #WhatMakesYouRollYourEyes those Filipino can follow traffic rules at Subic pero kapag nasa Manila na barumba "
"   Ano kamo? Pusangina kng apologist, work for the Filipino b kamo? D k b nagbaba "
"I'm craving Filipino spaghetti now "
"If you drink soda at a Filipino persons house it will be flat and disgusting. These are facts."
"Chicago has a large Filipino community, but neither baseball team has a #FilipinoHeritageNight.   #RepresentationMatters"
" :  Living out there as a kid damn near made me an honorary Filipino. I can even lie "
" :  ++ YUNG HOMEROOM AT FILIPINO, PINAGTAKPAN EH HAHAHAHAHAHA#LoyaltyKnows"
"Siguro 'yung mga nag-aaral mag-Tagalog mahihirapan manghula kung mas natural ba mag-Taglish sa sentence. Conversati "
" Palala ng palala, pawala ng pawala values ng mga Filipino habang pasama ng pasama ang mga namumuno sa Pil "
"Government to destroy democracy and establish a totalitarian communist dictatorship here in the country. If any Fil "
"Reuters : The Philippine journalists taking the rap in Duterte's latest war When Filipino       #NEWS "
"I feel like I in a middle school - high school relationship with all this weird shit going on"
"i craving filipino food. "
" :   #Philippines   "
"Talking about can I book a appointment .  my days get crazier and crazier g ."
"Our future neighborhood's dining options are endless. Find Japanese food, Filipino cuisine &amp; even Korean BBQ nearby "
"Ion got time to play with you ugly ass bitches &amp; wierd ass ex . I don compete and I won compete .  Y bitches wierd ."
"I could kill 100 of these lumpia Shanghai by myself.  Isla. Filipino. Restaurant. "
"Mas maganda kung puro Filipino history movies ang ipapalabas "
"enjoy this video of my dad and i jamming out to Story of Another us by  in the middle of a small filipino stor "
"And if I wouldla smacked her ugly ass I woulda been in the wrong right  OKAY . Yo bubblehead ass clearly can "
"Just saw this Vince and Kath and James Filipino movie and it mehhhh"
" dude i wish i knew what sort of tea u were spilling when u tweet in filipino jsjsjshdjjs"
"There will be HATERS will be DOUBTERS will be NON-BELIEVERS  in the end there will be YOU  "
" : HELP MAG AND BES KEEP SWEARING IN FILIPINO HELP ZKZKSLSLSLA"
"Soy el  que piensa que Fabian es Taiwan o Filipino"
"Extreme meat candy closeup.  best tocino in the city. And yes, I ordered Filipino food delivery after "
"Filipinos and their time management suck. I hate Filipino time"
"- {English} I Love You- {Spanish} Te Amo- {French} Je T- {German} Ich Liebe Dich- {Vietnamese} Anh/Chi Yeu "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
" Good for this woman. Go back to where you come from. You are not a Filipino by blood and by heart."
"for the good of the country and of the Filipino people and this was done during the Ramos era, while exercising imp "
"I hope that 's The Lion Guard Filipino Dub will get new episodes on  after airing 2 episodes "
" : Bye, Bye Li Sebastian "
"saka sa filipino syempre HAHAHAHAHA"
"I think you bitches just like being funny , and I think you niggas just like playing tf outta crazy ."
"  fried, family, filipino Mendoza  #tooMAiNEYblessings"
"Filipino movies man...... mfers"
"ethnic filipino names are just single syllable names repeated like jon jon, tin tin, jao jao, or mikmik lul "
" .. the model minority myth poses an evident threat to the forgotten minorities of academia. Let it be known t "
"fact: i like, one of the few filipinos that DOESN run on filipino time. i  mostly always on time. ask my friends, lol."
"I done done "
"On James: Hey what did i tell you? I don't hear any auto tune in his voice &amp; he is d Filipino dude in this video! "
"Lmfao "
" Reading America is In the Heart by Carlos Bulosan rn. Really amazing book about a 13 year old Filipino "
" lol that a lie  my dad filipino. he a man. and a hoe. "
"  see you here in Manila for your date with your Filipino fans!# "
"I kinda wish my parents had raised me with the filipino language more so i wouldn't be having a hard time communica "
"Why these filipino drivers speed up but not on the fast lane?  Kayo na fast and furious"
" Names in different languages. At the very least Mandarin, Cantonese, and Taiwanese. There are a lot o "
"there are so many vietnamese, filipino, &amp; japanese people living in seattle yet somehow no one here knows about hmong people..."
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"Get ready - Brazil Open Filipino Martial Arts #Kali Seminar  the date April/27, 2019  #kali #silat #arnis "
"#MyPhBoy ctto 2 Kurt. ://t.co/LoTQU4tYDH my accounts ig/tw  fb/yt "
"Multistreaming with We live in interesting times. "
"#PaanoKayaKung yung rightful candidate for the position yung iboboto ng mga filipino citizen this election 2019?"
"WATCH: Eagle News International Filipino Edition  March 29, "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
" Living out there as a kid damn near made me an honorary Filipino. I can even lie "
"://t.co/XHXiiq24SB"
" #WhatMakesYouRollYourEyes? This SUPER MEGA ULTRA overemphasis on the Filipino family leading us to not have a sense of country."
"Hell yeah! With the Filipino-American based and also Chicago-based Get Cho! Wrestling Podcast (), we can "
"NEW on KNOCK: A bizarre story of a building manager, acting as a legal representative of the landlord, evicting a t "
" #WhatMakesYouRollYourEyes? This concept of Filipino hospitality that is strangely offered only to foreigners "
" #WhatMakesYouRollYourEyes? Whenever battered-wife syndrome is being branded as Filipino resilience."
" : #TheFilipinoVotes: Today is the start of the campaign period for the local elections. remind candidates a"
"spanish-filipino-chinese in bio? um almost every filipino is a mix of that tho? ha ha"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
" :  #WhatMakesYouRollYourEyes? That Filipino value of utang na loob, a concept that breeds resentment between people."
"Bayan Muna Chairman Neri Colmenares and Representative Carlos Zarate on Thursday accused the Duterte administration "
"still the best filipino movie for me that represents the filipino family"
"my coworker said she wouldn have guessed I was Filipino but she doesn know what I DO look like hmm"
" #WhatMakesYouRollYourEyes? That Filipino value of utang na loob, a concept that breeds resentment between people."
"Lmao  Netflix added Filipino movies. Mike was browsing to see what was added &amp; heading Tagalog made me think of my in-laws house"
" You lived in Daly City... I had no idea you were FIlipino LMAO"
"65."
"Away within filipino community sa ibang bansa dahil sa chismisan at inggitan. Tayo tayo nalang magkakalahi dun mags "
" It's the damn schools. I remember when my niece was in Catholic school, I asked out of genuine curios "
" I am a 32 year old American Filipino who was abandoned in 1986 at the  factory (worth YouTube "
"MGA HIRIMUON NA KAY DAMI DAMI:-ENGLISH (VERSE CHOIR)-SCIENCE ( RECITATION NAKAKAIZTREZ PAG MEMORIZE)- FILIPINO ( "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"I forgot I in a Filipino family and got ready at exactly 6 AM"
"It 12 in the after noon and my Filipino neighbors messing up my nap with their karaoke "
"This typical Filipino family that touches our hearts today#PBB8FamiLAYF "
" : If we do not listen to the voice of the Lord, our hearts become like soil without water. That is why the Lord says: Harden n"
" "
"Pilipino ako pero ngayong nag-aaral ako ng Filipino nahihilo ako wtf???? Parang walang coherence yung mga sentence potek"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
" D que es un arroz Filipino.. ac lo hacen cocinandolo solo en agua .. ni sal ni ajo ni aceite nadaaaaaaa!!"
"Really next time, Ill just keep things to myself. I shared a good news to you and will Benefit you in the long run; "
"Duterte sa Filipino:  ina nyo mamatay kayo! kayo? Putang ina magtiis kayo sa hirap.(kasi mayaman "
"If I had a dollar for every time my filipino coworkers called me  I be able to buy lunch for the whole week."
"Campaign season for local candidates begins today.  "
" Im so thankful that i can barely read Filipino, so i cant read these secret files posts"
" : tbh best choice na ito pinanood ko bc speculative fiction in (at least mainstream) filipino cinema is so rare and matalino"
" : Never expect things to happen, it's better to feel surprised than to feel disappointed."
"filipino titas should be a stock character "
"Walkin Interview /Female Cleaners - Filipino - "
"Estimated to be over 1,000 years old. Not too much tops that pasalubong. It was given to his aunt by his grandfa "
" :                 S t a y  s t r o n g  s e l f"
" Wishing you all the very best on your retirement Lord Mayor. Arriving in Brisbane five years ago, I hav "
" : Fuck Filipino Culture:Death Penalty for rape victims!!!/hours later Penge scandal ni Toni Fowler/slow clap"
" :  un  VIDEO, aprendiendo  (Tagalog) por si vas de VIAJE a ese pa "
" : this filipino don break hearts "
""
"      Absolutely untrue. If you talki "
"Gente para de dar ibope pra essa conta essa aqui  aquela doida sasaeng do namjoon que hackeou a conta de um fansit "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
" Sobrang nakakadagdag na factor yung pagiging filipino nung form like Naitala ang iyong tugon lowkey sou "
"this filipino don break hearts "
"do ethnic filipino names even exist i can only think of lapu lapu"
"      Oo madami na kc filipino rest "
"the palengke figthing scene was honestly the best action/fighting scene and one of the best Filipino cinematic acts "
"Ang aga good vibes may nakakuha ng book ko sa Filipino di na ko mag papa photocopy"
"Those who spot candidates violating campaign rules may report to 's social media pages and hotlines. Candid "
"With new musical Noli me Tangere having its World Premiere at Riverside Theatres Parramatta  tonight "
" Your biggest fan (or at least your biggest 4 year old American Filipino fan) - the best part is that he i "
"so do any filipino boys wanna break MY heart !?!?"
" the colonisers trying to colonise me, a filipino woc of colour again "
"Local Filipino restaurant makes it to Asia 50 Best Restaurants 2019 list. Woot!://t.co/yQZbweNWBL"
"Taste like those Filipino egg rolls "
" : why are filipino parents so against their daughters having boyfriends like I'm sorry mom I can't control who I like"
"the country is so fcked up right now because we have lawmakers that are unable to emphatize to the minimum wage filipino."
"UPDATE: Di ako nakashot kagabi pero nanood na lang ako filipino romcoms. Worth it HAHAHA"
" : Filipino YouTube celebrity  will be live with #GoodNewsPilipinas "
"Pang pito, mag pepresent kami ng game sa gym class. Yes pinili namin patintero pero hi iniba namin name para sainyo "
"#TheFilipinoVotes: Today is the start of the campaign period for the local elections. remind candidate "
"Ong mention of #SiliconValley #cyber-#coolie = 2nd mention of #coolie among Asian Cosmopolitanisms Lab Spri "
"Filipino Fast-Food Chain Jollibee Is Coming to Journal Square | Jersey City Upfront "
" City: Filipino video game aims to connect players with local mythology "
"   Fumiya gives way because he loves Yamyam so much, hindi lang dahil sa naawa s "
"My First Book of Tagalog Words: Filipino Rhymes and Verses Liana Romulo #indiebookstore "
"yung iba last day na, tas kami may performance pa sa ESP and Filipino "
" : Toxic filipino culture is when grown ups deadass insult you right in front of your face and they think it okay because they"
" : Toxic filipino culture is when people who do not know the real story have so much to say- #Gazette"
"An elderly woman stopped me in the store today &amp; said,  I saw you I thought what the hell is she?!  oft "
"Me: Filipino mom: hay naku"
"Dacanay, Chrizell Joy- Overall Top 6- With High Honors- Outstanding Performance in Mathematics- Awards for Work "
" - In honor of Joan Jett playing you to the ring, here is Joan Jett's biggest 4 year old Filipino-Ameri "
"#TheFilipinoVotes: Illegal posters or campaign materials of local candidates outside common posting areas are banne "
" : Btw, I am super honored to have been part of the recent Filipino food ep ("
"I think My sister is talking to this Filipino dude I used to talk to but never had feelings for and dead ass it wou "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"  #1000DaysOfRecount We The Filipino people believed that   KNEW VERY WELL THAT BBM WO "
"People dead be talking to me in Filipino like I understand what they saying  I Chinky and tan but damnnn"
"It's now the turn of local candidates to win the hearts of voters. Here are the positions up for grabs: "
" :   "
"Y ain even gon give Filipino guys a chance"
"   Just bumped into an Italian lass on my way to work. Her two kids are half Fil "
" i guess i'm not part filipino since i can't speak tagalog lol"
" : Canned foods have been transformed and reborn in Filipino food, in spite of their colonialist roots. "
"Monthly Filipino meetup tonight "
"Need some Filipino food in my life rn"
"Toxic filipino culture is when someone is getting success, some people will put you down - #Gazette"
"Toxic filipino culture is when grown ups deadass insult you right in front of your face and they think it okay be "
"patay tngina wala pa nga pala akong naipapasang nb sa filipino"
"Toxic filipino culture is when tough and straightforward questions are considered rude and impolite - #Gazette"
"Toxic filipino culture is when people who do not know the real story have so much to say- #Gazette"
"same goes to FILIPINO parents. they start to call their OWN daughters names when they see them showing a little ski "
"Toxic filipino culture sa taong ayaw mo naman makasama- #Gazette"
" VIDEO you believe  owner of  &amp; cilantrolime2.0 have never had Filipino food?! "
"Espasol Recipe by #PinoyRecipeAtIbaPa://t.co/W086BHXCOh.#FilipinoRecipes#PinoyRecipes "
" : Inaanyayahan ang lahat ng UPV Literati na makiisa sa kasiyahan at saksihan ang ibat-ibang talento at buhayin ang panitika"
" I've personally given up but there are plenty of young people of AOC's calibre back home, if only t "
"filipino n krn boys will break your heart.....chinese/taiwanese boys are the wave....except if they named eric"
"Are you from China?What? No, I'm Filipino?Where's the accent then?Excuse me? "
" It is just my opinion, siguro better to use I support na lang pero it is up to you naman if you gonna u "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"Di pa nasisimulan notes sa Tle pa nakakagawa ng Ap  pa nakakaaral sa Filipino "
" Happy Birthday Mr President Duterte  Thank you for the Love for the Filipino people. Wishing you mo "
" era pra ser ang nao me culpe pq nao sei filipino"
"Ang filipino, lahat nalang kayang gawin hugot."
"The family that laughs together, stays together forever!  Isama na ang buong pamilya (big or small) at manood ng "
"If I keep watching these Filipino dramas I gonna end up speaking fluent again "
"Akala ko kung anong bagong gc na may pangalang filipino thesis tapos pag tingin ko ng mga members, mga manginginom "
" oh ive lived in the uk since i was born but my ethnicity is filipino ^~^"
"Ikaw, may naiambag kaba?  Hanep hahaha toxic/cancer ka lam mo yun?  Wag mong hatakin pababa ang mga Filipino dahil "
" the older filipino women in my life are apparently not satisfied with the fact that i am single"
" : , I Mils! I a Filipino graphic/creative artist currently based in New Zealand! I love fantasy stories and colour"
" omg i want but my filipino parents wouldnt let me "
"We tried to Be More Pacific  table people portions of food all was good.  Be More Pacific - Filipino Kit "
"deep filipino poem is somehow dead"
" - Loud, stupid, fellow Filipino and memer. What else could I ask for? Seriously dude, shitting around with you is "
"I'm mad, I can't use it "
"Grade 10 Teachers: SIR ANTIVO: SIR ANTIVO: SIR ANTIVO: SIR ANTIVO: SIR ANTIVO "
"Wala pa nga pala kaming perf task sa Filipino. Oh no, I'm dead."
"I miss Arian and her deep deep de3p filipino phrases/sentences"
"I'm at Jesse Jr. (Filipino Foods &amp; Restaurant) in Scarborough, Ontario "
"to the filipino(?) kid that thought it was funny to call your other ASIAN friend a nigger, I DARE you to say it aga "
"*filipino quiz is waving at you*                      HI"
" Like majority of the Filipino voters care. She not gonna win. #Fact"
"Nevada Legal Services is partnering with UNLV and the Filipino Veterans Group to offer FREE tax preparation and leg "
"sana mag filipino league na"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"in my word, if i see another Filipino (male/female) i don get all horny lmaoooo. what i mean is that just because "
"like im more terrified of filipino horror stories and like im very superstitious when im in the country"
"- Alone/Together is like written by a 15 year old- Filipino Cinema revolves only by these genres. Comedy - Love s "
" If you like Filipino food some of the best off the strip eating. Some of the strip malls have some killer local food."
"2 meets in a week"
"Once we get back from break, I'm already gonna be stressed out"
"  Hoi Bambam Pagpag takalin mo nalang ang Baboy Putangina kang Salot sa inang bayan. Sa dami d "
" One of d best scenes so simple yet so intense... i felt Peter's emotions while staring at Maya... his l "
"The problem with Filipino art is there is no Filipino art. Everything is just a dupe of someone else's"
"What phrases make you angry easily?  Answer in Filipino! more essential phrases in Filipino with the best F "
"SILINDRO PILIPINO PROJECT ~ will highlight the Filipino Kundimans or love ballads as part of the Spanish Colonial i "
"  Filipino festival featuring #tooMAiNEYblessings"
"Bacon &amp; Potatoes : Sharing an article from AusPost, featuring a fellow Australian with Filipino Heritage. KISS READ "
" : The basics of dating a Filipino with fob parents "
"Nakatutuwang isipin na kahit mrunong sila mag Ingles, Filipino pa rin ang ginamit nilang wika"
"Nanawagan po ako sa mga ulalong dilawan at kay Panget na PotangHippo Jover Laurio  puro kayo unghang, "
"I eat so much Filipino food now that I forget how Vietnamese food tastes like"
"going thru these filipino/viet boys tweets makes me wanna gag half of y look 15 WHOS HEA R YALL BREAKING?????????"
"      hey hey! unsure if I can go to "
"fellow Filipino anyone?"
" : "
" : The AFP has been on  mode. Are they turtles?://t.co/Dp3AUYk364 AFP verifying reports on Chinese harassing"
"I've been binge watching James Corden's Spill Your Guts or Fill Your Guts all night and this segment just proves "
"Toxic filipino culture?  ma issue sa buhay hahaha "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
" wa es filipino tambien?"
"my face when I hear there a holiday coming ...#holiday #bakasyon #armenia #yerevan #vacation "
"That looks so ono! #repost : Never  disappointed when I eat at  today brunch aweso "
"Celebrities running in the May 13 elections - CNN Philippines "
"I've read this before, still makes me laugh everytime! #humor #FilipinoWords #Pinoy "
" This is like when my dad points out who Filipino"
"Imagine taking gf out for food and trying to be gay and some filipino boy tells your mom"
"Lol I love how people on Twitter be calling Filipino guys heart breakers... meanwhile my 99.99% Filipino ass has be "
"Sikat na sikat 'yan noon at may ilan pa rin pala ngayon. &lt;3 Nostalgia. &lt;3 Pero sa dami ng choices ngayon...goodluck "
"filipino gurangs at work are swearing at each other, hello minor here????"
""
" :  V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
" Chinese girl? Hahahaha I Filipino. Nice one."
" : for Filipino ARMY's out there, the EW BTS issue is only 315.79 pesos (5.99 dollars) and let's pray that the issue is avai"
"Filipino movies on Netflix are taking over my life"
"Throwback... How Filipino women can strongly contribute to building a more intelligent Philippines  "
"HOW DARE THE K-12 SENIOR HIGH FILIPINO BOOKS BE LIKE WRITTEN BY UNEDUCATED AUTHORS????? BAKIT HINDI GINAGAMIT YUNG "
"Korean Club, Media Club, Key Club Vice president; Physics Club Secretary; Filipino Club Treasurer. 10th grade JV Vo "
" :  d proced la ? De la tesis de un estudiante inform filipino al que la universidad suspendi. Est"
" Corrupt...coz that's  how they are...and having fun doing it at the expense of the filipino people!! "
"Frls Filipino boys play the uke and sing Jeremy passion to you on summer days how can they hurt you "
"Filipino moms "
"Are you a fan of crunchy spring rolls? If so, we think you'll love this sweet version! Learn about turon, this frie "
"I actually muted the words  boys and  and my TL isn filled with trivial clout chasing posts, neat"
" Have you ever been to the Philippines? You have so many Filipino fans! I hope one day you will! #askgigi"
"Filipino time nga naman talaga"
"God please protect Jim and give him enough time to fix our country that last till the end of generations. The land "
"Chronicle Critic Gets  Fuzzies From Filipino Restaurant Be More Pacific "
"     Ganun talaga ang presyo dto kahit saang f "
"Was wondering where the Opposition got the information Filipino fishermen are being attacked by the Chinese on disp "
" actually yes I'm stanning them hihi i didn't mention it all cause the limit of the text but yea i love 2ne "
"Tight asian gets gangbanged #Gangbang, asian, blowjob, brunette, double blowjob, filipino, "
"Adults, children actually Guatemalan illegals. Woman appears to be Filipino. "
" : Mensaje del ej filipino a los j filipinos: No os dej engatusar por las bonitas palabras de los rojos [la"
"I love my sauces and vinegars!! #Filipino "
"Saber  - Lapu-Lapu, the first Filipino hero. He is the ruler of the natives  who resisted Imperial Spanish coloniza "
" :  providing jobs for our Filipino coconut farmers while providing good skin care "
" "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"Chronicle Critic Gets  Fuzzies From Filipino Restaurant Be More Pacific "
" : Join my Yahoo Tourney Pick'em. Win this jersey://t.co/OHYNGLUrAk#basketball #collegebasketball #marchmadness #colleg"
"   literally me with any filipino person we all know"
" : Hey y if you interested in coming to Samahan FCN make sure to reserve your tickets!! ://t.co/GSZ8MsVa2T"
"I just found out the kid   is Filipino   one draft pick ok"
"don attack me, I like my mom filipino spaghetti better "
"Shaking in filipino"
" You're a fellow Filipino? Lol  Congrats!"
" I worked property management and construction mgt here in Makati. The poor quality of work of most "
"1. Albanian: Un t dua. Arabic: . Chinese: . Corsican: ti tengu caru. Danish: Jeg elsker dig. Dut "
" jonah, mario &amp; my filipino buddy "
" girl my bad but I guess its common sense that I not referring to every single filipino and implying that most are"
"Chronicle critic gets  fuzzies from Filipino restaurant Be More Pacific "
"My aunt is over here watching Mula Sa Puso reruns and its giving me OD nostalgia. This takes me back to when me a "
"Had a patient covered in Aryan Brotherhood of Texas tattoos profusely thank and compliment myself &amp; the Filipino at "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
" : Made a quick fan art of Wave, Marvel's new Filipino superhero. I'm not good with comic-book style illustration so I made i"
"Filipino breakfast is the best breakfast."
" :  Top 20 Family Names in the Philippines ://t.co/57hT6OBsMv"
"I hate when people say I look Filipino. Lmaoooo"
"I don't know who this fine ass Black/Filipino looking  actor is on Chicago PD and For the People, but he is FAHN."
"75th anniversary of General MacArthur returning to the Philippines, coming up the weekend of 10/19-20/19--I'm invol "
"There are about 500,000 Filipino seafarers on commercial vessels around the world, remitting approximately $5.8 bil "
"I checked in at fundamental LA on #Yelp "
"Manila faces dilemma over returning Filipino Daesh fighters "
"Hey y if you interested in coming to Samahan FCN make sure to reserve your tickets!! ://t.co/GSZ8MsVa2T"
" : Filipino wife... easy points there for the muckrakers... there a streak of racism through the Labor party, don think it st"
" :   Hi! Im royal pepsi, a filipino artist  I like to draw random things that i like and im still pr"
"For more information on future #FlyPinay summits, you can visit "
"Maya Ophelia puts a vegan twist on Filipino, Mexican, and Puerto Rican food favorites #Milwaukee"
" : Watch: Why Los Angeles has the most exciting Filipino food in America "
"Maybe it the freedom that comes from living with only one other person, but mine and Jason culinary skills have "
"Filipino guys love starting boba food trucks and naming them  Original Boba Pimpz"
"hala answerte namin sa teacher namin sa filipino!! wag na daw kame pag pasa ng requirements pasado na daw kame aga "
"I fuck around and talk so much shit to Ian about Filipinos so imagine how I felt when I found out I was part Filipino... #23nme played me"
" OMG, cannot sing on a podcast, but thank you, I don't have that kinda Filipino talent. "
"Also the guy who said women shouldn't work in the phone industry cuz men are more trustworthy, how it's much better "
"   To my knowledge he is a Filipino living in S. Korea and vlogs his day to da "
"Rodando...  #josocerasmustve #filipino #rtve #director #report #filming #la2  Madrid, Spain "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
" : A TRAILBLAZER FOR DIVERSITY!!!! Where a white man and a Black woman can have a Filipino baby and no one bat an eye! http"
"chinese and filipino are different dumbass"
"Otso Diretso para sa mga FILIPINO! Hindi maka Chino! "
" It's so heartwarming to see Filipino artists having non-Filipino fans#DyisIsItManila Sasamahan Kit "
"Manila faces dilemma over returning Filipino Daesh "
"All I see on my TL is Scorpio and Filipino boy slander"
"WHY DIDNT ANYONE TELL ME THEY WERE PUTTING FILIPINO MOVIES ON NETFLIX"
" why can you say racist things and consider yourself not one? Btw, I am not white. I a Filipino and t "
"We would like to warmly invite you all to our 34th Annual Filipino Culture Night,  on Friday, April 12. "
"Filipino excellence"
"[ABS-CBN] Mga pagkaing tampok sa  Food Month | "
"[ABS-CBN] Mga pagkaing tampok sa  Food Month | "
"[ABS-CBN] Mga pagkaing tampok sa  Food Month | "
" Reminds me of grandpa telling me he was going to take me to the Philippines to find a nice Filipino "
"Hay alg idioma que no te guste?  si, el franc no me gusta, traumas de la infancia. Y el filipino suena c, "
" will give the Key Note address.  "
" : if only pwede filipino musicals can be done for music KSKSKKS  would Pay to see Lean: A Filipino Musical performed on the"
"Toxic Filipino culture: relatives gotta have something to say about your post on fb. They are entitled to critique "
" Deja el orujo  a estas horas no te entra ni la cena la burrada que dices se nota que vas fino filipino"
" :  AswangProject  dyemosaurus: I just wanna share this to y'all. I read about the Lewenris in this article of Aswang Proje"
"Me hella retweeting about Filipino and viet boys coz"
"  #Philippines   "
"We're so proud of San Diego Filipino Cinema's sold out screening and reception last night! As the recipient of our "
"aww the cutest filipino folklore i rmb is that when you have to pass thru an anthill you have to ask for permission "
"If you're gonna use a marxist lens to better understand a filipino movie, you'll see that even the funniest of all "
"Filipino St Competitors"
"Filipino moms when they pregnant:  |               | |                |                  | "
" She NOT Filipino She other Asian Race But u probably Liked her tweet bc we all know that majori "
" if filipino isn in this update i unstanning"
"My #WCW #WomanCrushWednesday #31 Lea Franchesca  #LeaFranchesca #Beautiful #Youthful #Model "
"Lmfaooooo this Filipino girl on  day fianc is just here to secure the bag and she is unequivocal about it"
"Michael Cinco:  one of the best wax figures ever made for Madame Tussaud. It looks so real you can even "
" Top 20 Family Names in the Philippines ://t.co/57hT6OBsMv"
"  the filipino part , he half salvadoran"
"i got my jollibee fix and filipino food craving im happy"
"TransCycle: Filipino, Japanese, Igbo, Hebrew, Malayalam, French, Malay, Sindhi, Malagasy"
"okay but why are filipino movies on netflix getting me all malungkot and shit ;("
" Fuck outta here, filipino bastard"
" I swear to God. -black-black/white-black/mexican-Dominican(black dude speaking spanish)-india "
"learning how to sing kailan bc i aint no weak bitch and just sitting there at filipino karaoke parties"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"  My wife is Chinese and found a job on the spot. My Filipino friend found a job. My Mexi "
" : My grandpa born in #Manila  1898 he lived until he was 102  Aboriginal #AfricanDescent. #Filipino he was a #Musician MyLu"
" : This is something these seminarians on Facebook should ponder on. Traditionalism is too ritualistic and top-down in approach. W"
"pag ba yung dog, sa america pinanganak, hindi mo siya pwede kausapin ng filipino? "
"Kyla (Filipino singer) : Tondo, Philippines of birth: 1981-01-05: Rich Alvarez "
"I think Filipino and Vietnamese boys are 10/10. Except Madi and his Filipino boyfriend"
"Filipino weightlifters will have one less major obstacle to deal with in their quest for honors in the 2019 Southea "
"filipino moms are the worst. that is all."
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"Maya Ophelia puts a vegan twist on Filipino, Mexican, and Puerto Rican food favorites "
" : "
" : #sanantoniospurs honors #filipino #warveteran "
"Frozen premade ready to fry turon. Unlike the Spanish turron - these are #Filipino. Like plantain spring rolls. "
" Miss Universe 2015 Pia Alonzo Wurtzbach First Filipino to get Madame Tussauds Wax Figure... "
" : La palabra Gaga en filipino se refiere a una ni est e idiota."
"Miss Universe 2015 Pia Alonzo Wurtzbach 1st Filipino to get Madame Tussa... "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"Miss Universe 2015 Pia Alonzo Wurtzbach 1st Filipino to get Madame Tussa... "
"Filipino High School star Kai Sotto and Ervin Sotto reveal how the Sotto family arrived at the decision to finally "
"Big-hearted Filipino man taking on mammoth 346k run from Belfast to Dublin for most noble of reasons://t.co/f6lckgayAO"
"Check out my new track  Good out now! #WORDPLAY #WORDPLAYDaFlyestMC #NxtGenRecords "
"WHYD I MAKE THE DUMBASS DECISION TO WATCH A FILIPINO MOVIE AT SCHOOL"
"  got told hes filipino :)"
"Today is Opening Day of .  #TBT when I threw out the first pitch at the San Diego  game during Filipino "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"  You not Filipino jdkskdks"
"When will people stop obsessing about my race ?  I would loooove to know the amount of DMs I gotten since I p "
"#28_March #Birth 1945 &amp;#8211; Rodrigo Duterte, Filipino politician, 16th President of the Philippines"
"       Then you will like Filipino socials and p "
"Filipino               Hogwarts                       desserts          dopplegangers                                  Turon"
"This medley of songs by Eduardo P. Hontiveros, the father of Filipino Jesuit music. "
"I need to learn Filipino bc I can't talk to my Grandma on the phone and it makes me sad"
"70 new schools in Alberta in the next four years. 1,000 new teachers and support staff this fall. New language cour "
"Half Filipino pala si Enrique Iglesias.... wala lang"
"We went to look at this growing little boy inside me the other day and I can stop looking at his 4D ultrasound pi "
"Practicing MY FAVORITE martial art of all time:  Eskrima (Or Kali.  Or Arnis.) The Filipino art of combat with stic "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
" : La palabra Gaga en filipino se refiere a una ni est e idiota."
" Stop Filipino-splaining to me. Did you fucking read what I wrote??? Stop putting words into my mouth. You "
"Whenever I try to go on Netflix to watch my Filipino dramas I can because there tooooooooooooo many people watching "
"binatang filipino yeah. pano kaba ginawa yeah  "
"filipino titas are a blessing and (mainly) a curse"
" : Dear boys and girls, mo kabalaka ug wala pa mo kakita sa inyong true love. Filipino time ra ba ta. "
" Mid to late Filipino culture is having that one friend who just spray painted the flag onto wood panels"
" Pero si te puso fino filipino, mermado!!!! "
" : At least 30 television and movie personalities are joining the race for over 18,000 government positions in the May 13"
"This but Filipino accent y'all "
" : Even its titular theme of ulan feels representative of us and our country because of our well-documented struggles again"
"shes filipino but its not a filipino song"
"ive been trying to find this song from like early 2010 its a filipino girl singing it and i think her name was ca "
"Lmaooo this lady in front of me is telling me how her son asked her for money to get his gf an outfit and she said "
"In London chasing Filipino fast food   Jollibee UK "
"When people find out I Filipino: "
""
"JEJ Vinson's powerful second performance on The Voice is affirming fans' hopes for a first Filipino champion on the "
"  Thank you. Kaya proud na proud ako sau  #MaymayEntrata"
" Noooo! My people!! tidbit of info, a lot of ewoks spoke tagalog(Filipino) in the films. So ewoks are filipino?"
" : they're like the drunk uncles at some innocent filipino kid's birthday party://t.co/NpvHmoefPg"
"Global Filipino movement focuses on mission | United Methodist News Service "
"most of the people in the gc looks like a filipino we-"
"    So your stance is that Darna should be played by an extraordinary F "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"MAMON GIRL NA-BITAG KAY TULFO; MARIJUANA; JOLLIBEE CREW; AND OTHER FUNNY FILIPINO! "
". powerful second performance on affirming fans' hopes for a first Filipino champion on "
" : y ever just look at someone &amp; know they filipino bc of their nose"
"Tita Collective: 'We're like the spice girls of theatre,' with a Filipino twist - Group uses comedy to talk about i "
"I was speaking on this yesterday, but honestly being mixed with two strong cultures sometimes sucks. I not enough "
"Cuizina Filipino Cuisine 2533 Santa Fe Ave Long Beach, CA 90810 "
"Cuizina Filipino Cuisine 2533 Santa Fe Ave Long Beach, CA 90810 "
"A TRAILBLAZER FOR DIVERSITY!!!! Where a white man and a Black woman can have a Filipino baby and no one bat an eye! "
"Coconut Macaroons Recipe by #PinoyRecipeAtIbaPa://t.co/j9Ovd8bHip.#FilipinoRecipes #PinoyRecipes "
"Fumiya -Kun, what a  playing Philippine style basketball in Japan with Filipino. U are really an inspirati "
"Wish D was Filipino sometimes. This food BUSSS."
"If your names Michael and you Filipino,,,, and you reading this,,, We fighting"
"Alberta is home to the second-largest Filipino population in the country, and advocates say it about time they ha "
" : no one:  NO ONE: A SOUL:: filipino boys will break your heart. cheat on you. play you."
"ANG BINATANG FILIPINO KO "
"During a retirement party for a Filipino coworker today a guy I work with said the last time he had Filipino food i "
"I sleep on Filipino food sometimes. But it so bomb. "
" :  (Prod. By DJ Banks x )#BayArea #SanJose #Samoan  #Filipino  #Producer #FlStudio "
"literally any filipino lola:: "
"this says a lot about filipino mentality and it disgust the hell out of me,,  "
"I just inhaled a shitton of filipino food I'm gonna explode"
"Woody: Hello, Potato Head. What new? Head: Chinese? Japanese? Filipino my ass, you a Jap! "
" "
" : I used my voice changer to add my own flair to the Battlefield V intro...LOL "
"    it seems like we have a misunderstanding here understood it tha "
"Filipino king!! "
" : i like playing this new game omw home where i guess which stop people are gonna get off on. that filipino boy wearing a beani"
"Hella Filipino movies trending in Netflix "
"Binatang filipino  "
"Next time you go to a Filipino restaurant order pek pek"
"    But I am not for a Caucasian to play Darna. An extraordinary Filipino will "
"#PaanoKayaKung wala na yung toxic Filipino mentality natin na  Habit?"
" : watching filipino movies reminds me that im not alone, i have a whole country that is as dramatic as me"
"In 2009, a monument honoring the Philippines was erected at the Holocaust Memorial Park in the Israeli city of Rish "
"Kahit na uso yu g Filipino time, AYOKO NON!"
"(this is me included, also filipino flag hanging off mirror optional)"
"filipino culture is having a souped up hypebeast car but having a rosary hanging off the rear view mirror because y "
"In San Francisco, Kulinary Confidential (food crawl and pop up dinners) highlights Filipino American chefs and cuis "
"The start of intermittent fasting. I finna proudly take my shirt off by July. Fuckboy Filipino in the making."
"Watch: Why Los Angeles Has the Most Exciting Filipino Food in America "
"What is the demarcation on when will it be considered as a  of poverty in Filipino movies? I reall "
"filipino families become incredibly entitled esp when a certain member starts earning more money "
"Pinagaralan namin to sa filipino"
" : 50% of places gone before we officially advertised. Teacher of nearly 30yrs (1991) Guro Tel sharing his knowledge of Fi"
"Why do I arrange to pay my bill online with #sprint and end up talking to the same Filipino dipshit every month!  G "
" call me lia but iyane if we're close.  age will not be specified. straight.  filipino. female. crackhea "
"Beauty of San Francisco. Pride of heritage at our schools. Polynesian. Chinese. Japanese. Filipino. Mexican. Overt "
"Am I the only one concerned that there hasn been much backlash at the fact that there are many Filipino actors st "
"Filipino Holy Trinity "
"Finally got to sit down w this episode this morning and it great. Esp loved hearing the question from the Filipin "
"When I was little, my neighbor didn know what  was (I half Filipino) and she told her mom that I was  full of peanuts"
"Dghn dw enumeration sa Filipino juskoooo"
" Nah sorry. Im bilingual. So engliah and filipino are all i know"
"    yeah but your stance before was about comics darna and how she was "
" : Viet boys &gt; filipino boys  "
"I'm shookt when I found out the reason why Lee Donghae is trending in the Phils. Lmao!!.. Aigoo.. "
"This older Filipino lady wanted to snap a pic wit me "
" : Looking for delicious eats? Look no further because here in #SouthCity, we got food covered! From Brazilian, Filipino, &amp; Ha"
"Filipino(Tagalog) Dictionary "
" : my crush: *breathes* tummy: |            ||             |              |               |                 | "
"I don really watch a lot of Filipino movies, but Seven Sundays is a great movie that I recommend people to watch. "
"Y'all asjsjjfsk I'm cackling yo this girl in front of me on the bus just yelled at her friends IM NOT CHINESE YOU "
"    This girl is tall and a Filipino and people all over the globe think her be "
"These are 3rd and 5th grade english and filipino lessons, not grade 1. "
"Why this Filipino lady I work with gonna pull out an Republican National Convention badge and card.. I was like huh"
" OMG FELLOW FILIPINO GUN STANS HELLO "
"Shook;  is also a Filipino!"
" : I better not see any of you crackheads using daytime mode "
"  Gorl I didnt knkw you were filipino"
"this is where the gay filipino men go to "
"A Filipino YouTuber based in Dubai living my LIFESTYLE WITHOUT LIMITS. you love SHOES? you love UNBOXING STUF "
"Nicole Adrienne Ponseca, we could not be more proud! Congratulations in all your success and most especially for th "
"tangina uulit ako sa filipino lagpas 100 na nagastos ko!"
" : Telesales Executive  Outbound  Tagaluto Speaker (Filipino)  RAKBANK  Dubai "
"   coz from what I understand, right now what you're trying to say is the pi "
" : i'll still love u at your worst"
"   No it's pretty clear what you did was. Declared that she couldn't be Fi "
"#losAngeles #Workshop #LAarea #LA FREE Filipino BQQ #RacialAndGender #Inequalities #WorkplaceDiscrimination "
" : One of my friends: *breathes*: "
"these Darna character designs are amazing and Proudly Filipino Made by Amazing Filipino Artists! "
"Philippines: HUMANITARIAN COORDINATOR (For Filipino Nationals Only) - "
"Philippines: COMMUNICATIONS CONSULTANT (For Filipino Nationals Only) - "
"I just saw a new Filipino celebrity who could be me and my sister twin we-"
"Filipino consumers and local businesses turned more optimistic in the first quarter due to easing inflation, as wel "
"  Yes, I'm Filipino."
"The half Filipino family we got here is so cute i cry everytime i see them   the Kuya (he the oldest out of "
"BEING FILIPINO YOU EAT EVERYTHING  I SCORED 2 "
" as a Filipino I have the right to know the truth and I need answers from you. Are these cards are true o "
" Am a #Filipino by  &amp;  of  &amp;  among James Beard Foundation ( "
"  Open open din nang link pag may tym"
"Filipino sign language song: deaf dumb &amp; funny  Philippine deaf commu... "
" : Jackie Chan's son and Chris Tucker's daughter join forces to take on the kingpin of the New York Chinese underworld to aven"
"It Gabe Pagtama  April 1, 2019, wish him Happy Birthday by buying his book. to know about some ear "
"   You can sing half the song of you Filipino lmao. Can even say the title"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
" : rt if you want- to have sex-  - to die- - to get hit by a car- more sleep-  -    "
"   Your a Filipino..  Kabayan"
" Special Administrative Region Of The Philippines 2030-2080-Filipino war 2080-2088* Northern Upris "
"Celebrities running in the May 13 elections - CNN Philippines "
"which streaming TV service in the US will be the first to include a Filipino package? "
" : If your boyfriend filipino , you single to me .. wtf Mark R.J. Santos de la Cruz gone do  ?"
"Manila faces dilemma over returning Filipino Daesh fighters  Arab "
" :  everyone swear you filipino hahah "
" ToXic FiliPinO CuLTurE"
"  I am one of your filipino fans love you!!! Btw, thank you so much "
"This is something these seminarians on Facebook should ponder on. Traditionalism is too ritualistic and top-down in "
"hello  feel like filipino filmmakers producing a lot of dysfunctional family dramedies is highkey a reflection o "
" everyone swear you filipino hahah "
" SHINWOO [03.28.2019]  . Films presents a story of a Filipino "
"a clean willowy babyish flat tanned Filipino cloth returning forgiveness"
"On  now: Long Distance / #LongDistanceRadio - Explore what it means to be Filipino throughout the world w/ "
"NAFAUM launches global movement to assist churches in diaspora in organizing Filipino #UMC ministries, revitalizing "
"Fumiya-kun &amp; Taho Boy. Walking the life of a regular Filipino.  Pinoy Ako... FUMIYA "
"bad word filipino sign language fuck! don't talk me &amp; no call me  Phili... "
"2. Memorizing literary pieces. 76 po grado ko sa Filipino dahil hindi ko po na-memorize yung piece namin sa Sabayang Pagbigkas"
"The quality of living of every Filipino lies in the hand of every voter. In the 2019 Senate Elections, may we all vote wisely."
"Who going #BayArea fam?   So privileged to have this #Filipino community centered justic "
"In his new Wailea restaurant, Top Chef favorite Sheldon Simeon () revives comforting dishes from his H "
"Filipino romantic movies hits hard af"
"halaa thank youu, pure filipino po ko "
" Oh my god you guys why are you being so fucking rude, jnsiatha malha d5al feekm. So what she half Fil "
"My family is watching some filipino drama &amp; volume on full blast tf "
"New review :  of Filipino Americans "
"When a Filipino makes french fries ...  || spambrand #spambrand || #tastethisnyc  Infinitea Bambang, Nueva Viz "
" : You can pick up the original TFAL shirt, TFAL Beisbol on our  store today! in our bio or://t.co/cngi"
"Tocilog  Filipino breakfast at its finest.  || #tastethisnyc  Quirino, Isabela "
" : Toxic filipino mindset: nanahimik ka guilty ka"
" : HOLY CRAP WHAT A STREAM. made burritos (her specialty!) and cheesecake in the rice cooker.  Big Thanks to  an"
"Pero naloloka pa rin ako, bat mas mahal filipino movies kesa sa international moviessq cinemaa?? I dont get itt. Enlighten meeeee "
"The first Filipino-made super car!!! : 1.6M with 500horsepower.  speed of 290kph tuling sobrang gan "
"do you speak filipino or do you want to??  I only understand loool "
"Is it just me or Filipino actors/actresses are wayyy too good looking for asian standard./cantiknya pinoy itu btw very very mahal"
" 1972 - Sister Mary Ann Theresa.  a white 5 yr old who was to be bussed to downtown Philadelphia cuz "
" : Manila, 156 years into the future. New Intramuros stands as an incubator of hope, but also as the keeper of dark secrets."
"This week on Freethought Radio:  interviews , founder of Filipino Freethinkers, who talks abo "
"the fact that david dobrik has a gay filipino friend that isn't me. .. homophobic"
"Ma Filipino ami est une tres grosse rat "
" My Filipino hoopers know all about ballin in a pair of tsinelas. Playing pick up back in the mothe "
" the Filipino American National News love to interview you and discuss your illustrious career and your "
" I love Filipino films!! So you gurl, preach. I feel you kasi oa nga minsan yung iba  Siguro naging st "
"  chinese contractors have their people maybe? and they want their people to work so the "
" : Mahirap pala yung patalon talon ka ng language  habang nagtatype English tapos biglang Filipino na ginagawa mo, then En"
"and theeen during the first day of classes, while my prof is lecturing, he suddenly stopped then asked  "
".  is the first Filipino celebrity to be featured in the wax museum!://t.co/bqjBsizSdF"
"#NEWSHEADLINES I SOKOR donates wheelchairs for Filipino PWDs://t.co/VvTF4rXZBM"
"Mahirap pala yung patalon talon ka ng language  habang nagtatype English tapos biglang Filipino na ginagawa mo "
" : ULAN is going full tilt in Vancouver. Surrey, looks like the other movie is wrapping up tomorrow. No other Filipino movie"
" : Fumiya in Palawan, wen he went der he did not stay in an expenssive hotel, instead he ws out mingling wid d locals &amp; even"
"Contemplating and Thinking about Life. #life#filipino  The Westin Riverwalk, San Antonio "
" I wish. After all the tacos in Tijuana and San Diego and some Japanese and Filipino in the Bay Area, had "
"I need to say this in Filipino cause English will not suffice: ANG POGI NI V DITO TANGINA NIYONG LAHATTTTTTT "
"19.00 uur Eskrima.00 uur Krav Maga Hybrid  bij Eskrima: Filipino Knife-, Stick &amp; Empty Hands Fighting "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"  Embarrassment to the Filipino people...Malkin"
"Professor Mabalon book brings awareness to a forgotten Filipino labor leader, Larry Itliong "
" : im filipino (: i love adobo (: bahay kubo is my favourite filipino song (: i can see hope in the eyes of the filipino"
"lol me &amp; my cousin just made plans to watch filipino movies together "
" Kaya music video ni Maymay, humakot ng views  Definitely Filipino News  Balita #MayWard  "
"Filipinos are actually just nicer to foreigners. Filipino to Filipino relationships are not as great. "
"#Repost  with | new! | The Monday blues just turned into the Monday purples with Ub "
"To my Filipino homies, if you thought our culture is lame, we literally have a dragon that eats the moon. "
"my head hurts so bad is this from laughing at that filipino fight"
"every filipino boy ever "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"When it comes to asian food, everyone knows Chinese food, Japanese food, even Korean food. But do you know about Fi "
"Ir un poco colocada, comer filipinos y en vez de gozar, estar ralladisima por si te comes el filipino cuadrado de 250 sin querer."
"Now that Senator Manny Villar is the RICHEST MAN in the Philippines, a pure Filipino blood, who owns the largest an "
"Wait sksndksjsks a flute sonata by a filipino composer CHOTTO WAIT OK"
"remember when i was learning filipino and spanish"
" : In addition to a new provincial Filipino language curriculum the NDP had already announced, the party would create new pro"
"I just walked into Jofen knowing every person in there I just tryna munch on Filipino food and now my anxiety is spinnin "
"Every year, Filipino Student Association at UCF hosts an event that showcases the many Filipino cultural dances of "
"Strange, everyone at work said they thought i was filipino and white "
"Pananaliksik whoooooo mga lagom liham at di ko alam na mga filipino terms"
" : Innovative design ideas can help resolve the challenges troubling our cities. It has always been my hope that our count"
"Your  Filipino scholars from Class of 2017 being silly, trying to make a human star sign. Always game "
" Apenas um filipino perdido nos eua"
" : Good luck to us and A.P presentation for hight scores"
"It's pretty chilly out there! Taste our sizzling garlic shrimp. It's guaranteed to warm you right up! Tangy and on "
"im still pissed about what people said about the new darna designs so HEY is anyone down to start or be a part of a "
"Wag nyo isisi sa mga taong gusto kumita ng pera at mag trabaho. Sabihan nyo ang mga tamad at mga Filipino na kuntin "
" filipino wavy swords really are cool af"
"None of that btw is even touching on the bigotry towards other groups (particularly Filipino people where I live sp "
"Check out Empire of Care: Nursing and Migration in Filipino American History  taking place on Wednesday, 4/3 "
"In addition to a new provincial Filipino language curriculum the NDP had already announced, the party would create "
" : ://t.co/R6NjwCwaYb Jasmine Curtis-Smith lame"
"    if I were u I would just say *ck my Japanese grandma I "
" buang 95 grado Filipino ah"
"no one:  NO ONE: A SOUL:: filipino boys will break your heart. cheat on you. play you."
" I,   came in America in 1995. My first job in 1998-2009  PAYROLL &amp; P "
" We Filipinos hate the fact that ur Filipino too"
" : So let me get this straight, when you begged for the money that I didn have I said yes because I treated you like my own, "
"Filipino mentality"
"cant pronounce sandara park without saying it in a filipino accent"
"Applied for my passport today &amp; the lady helping me said I don look full Filipino, I look Chinese or Viet lol"
"A Filipino #Netflix Original Tv series: #AngTangingIna (sequel of the previous 4 movies, NOT A REMAKE, ORIGINAL "
" Aqu para que pesen la cantidad de manglar filipino que le importa a la t4... "
"I,   came is America in 1995. My first job in 1998-2009  PAYROLL &amp; Personnel D "
"Naiinis ako sa mga comment ng mga lalakeng filipino about sa pananamit ng babae kaya sila  ganyan ba ta "
" : filipino men are so toxic, that they prioritize their libog over anything. it's ignorant to blame women for the harrassme"
"filipino mutuals being like in english from a friend in english replies in mixed english&amp;filipino"
"can't wait for that korean subject in college (i still want the filipino subject to be taught tho)"
" ...filipino food!!"
"If you looking for a good filipino food restaurant try Kanin Club."
"new pod tomorrow, but have you heard last week!?  came by to chat everything from Filipino food to the act "
"Japan-bound Filipino skilled workers to get equal or more pay than Japanese counterparts "
"#NEWSHEADLINES I Filipino Food Month to promote Pinoy dishes://t.co/RZgLyY68ZD"
"So let me get this straight, when you begged for the money that I didn have I said yes because I treated you like "
"      You called me not necessary in "
"  If u want traditional Filipino tattoos check this page  "
"With that being said, the 'match' sequence has got to be one of my most favorite moments in Filipino horror since L "
"It's weird how everyone says my voice is nice when I sing but my natural voice when I talk is annoying as FUCK"
"Watch: Why Los Angeles Has the Most Exciting Filipino Food in America "
" : #Father Desimond urgently needs a #donor. He has been battling #leukemia for 9 years now. Help him #beatcancer once and for all!"
"Everyone:Are you feeling ok, you look pale?: that just my skin tone. me: I Filipino."
"      Don lecture me about money o "
"Fans of toxic Filipino culture would say,  mOh pAh rIn sIyA or . can choke on your toxicitie "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"Eerie just proves how we can elevate Filipino horror films while maintaining a mainstream appeal. While it may be c "
"tbh, i hate filipino player in ML fckkkkkkk"
" :  think that LA has the most exciting Filipino food scene in the U.S   Halo host  "
"Filipino............"
" : during this break I'm watching all the filipino movies they put up on netflix that give me unreasonably unrealistic expecta"
" :  in filipino bonjour/salut is still hi and hello ( is basically comment  va but its more used when youre g"
"final word for tonight  ((parang mas mabigat siya nung sinalin sa Filipino)) "
"Hayst matapos din sa filipino....makakatulog na ng mahimbing"
"PROJECT FEB 14.  SO FAR ITO YUNG FAVORITE FILIPINO MOVIE KO SA NGAYON. HANDS DOWN  "
"The difference between Thai and Filipino Taxi drivers.  drivers love to karaoke to the radio"
"Also funding to ensure playgrounds at new schools. Language programs, such as Filipino and Mandarin, will be added"
"AS A FILIPINO: YES. "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"Best league I ever been apart of the a Filipino league while I was on the Asian server. They were dedicated, fai "
" :    We understand your situations, I just google translated it in Filipino and It tells me ,th"
" : The #LatinosofAsia: How #FilipinoAmericans Break the Rules of #Race (2016) by Anthony Christian Ocampo it here htt"
" Ahahahahaha. Maybe he likes filipino instead? Hahahahaha "
"Filipino movies just appeared on my Netflix and that all I been watching for two weeks now"
"   We understand your situations, I just google translated it in Filipino and It tells "
"Come by and buy your Filipino Festival ticket during all lunches! $5 each "
"My best friend in middle school was filipino and one of the things we bonded over was soy sauce."
"me copies, although photocopies cos everything is definitely still handwritten. They'll even be happy that I'm seek "
"older filipino ladies say the most out of pocket things sometimes apparently i look like 3 different ethnicities an "
"Grab the kids and enjoy the sunshine on the patio! Kids eat free tonight and HH is 4-6:30! Winning is easy at BMP. "
"Nagpatulong na ke Raffy Tulfo. Hindi lang pala 'yung anak niya ang nakaranas ng panliligalig mula sa principal. Ano "
"The #LatinosofAsia: How #FilipinoAmericans Break the Rules of #Race (2016) by Anthony Christian Ocampo it here "
"Bigyan niyo po ako ng pagkakataon na patunayan sa inyo ang kakayanan ko. Bilang isang babae, isang ina, isang survi "
"I love how there more than 10 Filipino movies on Netflix now "
"Inaanyayahan ang lahat ng UPV Literati na makiisa sa kasiyahan at saksihan ang ibat-ibang talento at buhayin ang pa "
"  I love this even even if i'm a filipino( yes i can't sing it publicly, but when im alone boom baby)"
"   Sorry to say the people working in the offices are of no use. Beng "
"Yung naging teacher namin kanina, sinabi niyang madami daw siyang Filipino friends noong sa SG pa siya nakatira at "
"The #Philippines are home to amazing food. Read our latest #blog about some of our favourite #Filipino food to try: "
"idek how to explain it!!! i feel more comfortable hearing/speaking filipino but. tfw i cant even speak it"
" : Squads are so dumb and boring now."
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"whats ur fav filipino food  tortang eggplant HAHAH "
" : Just because you watched a video of Marcos crying doesn mean he innocent. How about you listen to the cries of Filip"
" : just watch me watch all the Filipino movies on Netflix WATC H ME"
" : YES, I Filipino but NO, I not obligated to give you a discount just because we both Filipino."
"sometimes i hate that fact that i am a filipino"
"Trying to silence , Filipino authorities charged , Nieman alum  &amp; others w/v "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
" So kung may Chinese OFWs? There are hundreds of thousands Filipino OFWs naman sa China and HK   te "
"anyways, the leader of the kite organization is Thai + Filipino. he suffers from the diseases where you lose your s "
" Haha nice! My wife is also Filipino. We have a plot but nothing on it yet. Your place sounds great. Have a good evening"
"  she looks Filipino to me"
" im Filipino too "
" : If you're a boxer or martial artist, you should watch this. martial arts are some of the world's best combat sys"
"Bilingual people do you guys say ouch in English or in another language? When I accidentally hurt myself I always "
"i'd just like to remind everyone that in the filipino dub Lance called himself sLiP thRouGh bOy because nOmaTtEr hO "
"  The award that Lisa should have received in Thailand is big in Thailand while the award yo "
"  My daughter can cook so I encouraging her to go to culinary school she will do good "
" : Love this shirt and podcast! #Filipino #filipinoamerican #podcast #OpeningDay #OpeningDayLA "
" : #MyPhBoy 3 boi.://t.co/euiCdmYpNY my accounts ig/tw  fb/yt  My Ph Boy#pinoy #filipino #a"
"Short sale happening now! Use code TEEUP on checkout for 20% off! Sale ends at midnight! "
"Short sale happening now! Use code TEEUP on checkout for 20% off! Sale ends at midnight! "
" : omg i an honor student!! best in filipino, science and mapeh . also a conduct awardee and i got half scholarship gr"
"well, i wonder if im filipino 1 :  1 :  2:  2:  :  "
"Edged &amp; Impact Weapons training servicing Pflugerville, Round Rock, N. Austin, and surrounding areas.'s Sched "
"galing mo pala siguro sa science nu  sa filipino ko magaling, gusto mo malaman baket? "
"  Hi! Im royal pepsi, a filipino artist  I like to draw random things that i like and im "
"Japan-bound Filipino skilled workers to get equal or more pay than Japanese "
"#Father Desimond urgently needs a #donor. He has been battling #leukemia for 9 years now. Help him #beatcancer once "
"It's nice how you defend your american gene but ignore your Filipino gene which was literally oppressed by the rac "
"  kuya, u r pogi, aesthetic, Harry Potter (Filipino Version), smart, mabait, magaling mag bball. I "
" How sad this kind of invironment we Filipino people be responsible our garbage it's teary eyed to see "
" ako din WHAHAHAHA filipino ka pala"
" that's really fuccin gay Lance AKSHSKSJSKSK almost beats Keith's Kala ko close na tayo? Niyakap pa nga kit "
"I wanna talk with some of my not filipino mutuals, hi"
"My filipino mother is leaving to the Philippines for a whole month. "
" I have worked in Brunei and can say for certain that an island off the coast called labuan is wher "
"I find it stupid that Erwann Heusaff tries to elevate Filipino dishes by making it look and taste more Western."
"Onti nalang tapos na kitang filipino ka"
"   Filipino Yankees fan in Michigan!!! Let go Yankees!!!! Wooohoo!!"
"Love this shirt and podcast! #Filipino #filipinoamerican #podcast #OpeningDay #OpeningDayLA "
" U either use full english or filipino HOY hahhaah"
" and your poofy ass Polynesian hair.- A Filipino bitch"
"Tagalog STORYTIME today from 10:30-11:30! Join us for a fun Filipino language program! "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"WhereinBacolod: Jej Vinson: A filipino singer advances to next round of The Voice US "
"  she mailed me this from a filipino store we lived by back home. the  san shit. d "
"Just because you watched a video of Marcos crying doesn mean he innocent. How about you listen to the cries of "
"Watch: Why Los Angeles Has the Most Exciting Filipino Food in America "
"Thank you  for that episode where Mateo () and Jonah organize an anti-Duterte protest. Tal "
"See  at The Asian American Showcase! 13 - 8PM  / Special Food Tasting Event before "
"hello eto na requirement ng 10-Darwin for this day/week- Wala- Wala- Wala- Wala- Wal "
"Finally perfected the cassava cake!!! I a certified Filipino Tita hahahahahahahaha "
"i may be conyo but i can filipino "
"wait woah wawa is half bruneian half filipino my minds blown oof she so pretty tho im all the damn time jealous of "
" like our adopted teenage boy cat here, who hails from QB, he admires your positive, inspiring and op "
"My answer to Is knowledge of Filipino Martial Arts necessary in understanding the modern iteration of Jeet Kune Do? "
"My answer to Is knowledge of Filipino Martial Arts necessary in understanding the modern iteration of Jeet Kune Do? "
"31. u know maging successful na police or lawyer or psychologist HAHAH tapos ugh makaplay ning musical instruments "
" : My lil Filipino baby  "
" : Aljur Abrenica featuring Jessica Sanchez in a unique &amp; special LIVE performance! April 6, 2019 at Oceanview Pavilion! FOR"
" : mas dama talaga pag purong filipino "
"filipino naman."
"When looking at Filipino football, really don't know what they try to do, or their vision. Try to make national tea "
"oMG YAAASSSSS QUEEEEEN!!! can we have a filipino version of this lady in our senate pleaseeee????  "
" d proced la ? De la tesis de un estudiante inform filipino al que la universidad suspendi "
"Filipino breakfast will forever remain undefeated idc idc idc dc idc "
" Literally no one:: Don't you sometimes feel like catching the next plane to 's to exp "
" : last mapeh science math english qh tle ss filipino quiz exam laughs j"
"omg my classmate in microbio was actually filipino i thought she was just stereotyping filipinos so i always side-e "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
" :  TO BE IN A FILO NCT GC/GDM- stan nct- FILIPINO- magtagalog tayo !!- magsalita kayo ha please lang :&lt;- not selective n"
" Perhaps this is where that Filipino aswang legend comes from."
"At least 30 television and movie personalities are joining the race for over 18,000 government positions in the May "
"Does your congregation need to consider hosting another congregation in its facilities? "
"Most people think I Filipino but their are a handful of others that think I Indian or Spanish Lol like wtf I none of the above"
"Last Month, March. Most memorable but most Painful month. Kasi dito na tayo maghihiwa hiwalay. Tapos na yung journe "
"Edged &amp; Impact Weapons training servicing Pflugerville, Round Rock, N. Austin, and surrounding areas.'s Sched "
"dalagang filipino "
"SOME OF Y'ALL SLEEPING ON WE ARE BULLETPROOF PT 1. THAT SONG IS JUST PRETTY LIT AF *cries in filipino*"
"   Lo que dec el primer presidente filipino, en mi art, o esta de Erasmus "
"dapat talaga pinush ni maam gagan si maam helen na macredit tong lintik na filipino na to ee. kingina sakit na ng kamay ko hayop"
"CCF |  Blati y Carrillo al once? vuelta tras sendas convocatorias con sus combinados nacionales, el bu "
"You can pick up the original TFAL shirt, TFAL Beisbol on our  store today! in our bio or "
"In 2016 we started #TFALpodcast to share Filipino American stories. We also released our very first shirt! We would "
"National Food Fair highlights classic Filipino dishes with a twist | The Manila Times Online "
"pero as compare nmn sa ibang filipino horror movies this is one of the best horror movies ive seen.. 1st ko is Feng "
" HAHAHAHA MEN ngayon ko lng di tutuparin pangako ko sayo kasi hndi keribells italyano men hahaha iba pa rin kapag Filipino "
" Toxic Filipino culture."
" : Hello guys!  'm Valeart, a filipino illustrator   who likes to draw fanarts and other stuff. also love to try diffe"
" : hindi ako mahilig sa filipino action tv series kaya sobrang inis ako kay Cardo pero shetebels, yung The Gerenals Daughter, s"
"Go go go go go!!! Kanng ugma na ipasa ang filipino og english "
"eu amo um filipino "
" sad im filipino but soon to be a citizen of IRELAND"
"#OurFathersTO team reveal: Sound Designer Maddie Bautista is a Saudi Arabia-born Filipino sound designer, composer, "
" Half black/ half Filipino "
"Magkaututang-dila (n.)- matalik na kaibigan: Filipino mga KD late upload pero ge nlang congrats "
" Bakugou in Filipino is me ever fucking day"
"filipino men are so toxic, that they prioritize their libog over anything. it's ignorant to blame women for the har "
"My granny seen her home girl at the store and they was speaking in they lil Filipino language and Her home girl tho "
"  Yes, along those lines. Are you studying the Filipino language?"
" : There's currently a wide variety of Filipino movies on Netflix... You can finally tell your non-Filipino friends about"
"Review 6of10: sa pinoy horror movies or any filipino movies na rin, di tlaga nawawala ung DRAMA  di na cya maganda "
"Heart of the Filipino  "
"Paano kita matutulungan? (How Can I Help You? in Filipino) -- in more than 100 languages. #AHAthat"
" I'm Filipino/Chinese therefore some kind of darker yellow "
" Daniel M is not a filipino but he won...same goes to Fumi..possible din"
" I also won't speak for anyone here but many non Black POC may describe themselves as brown but can a "
"I am a fan of curse one, Republican, HambogNSC, plus the highly walang apelyido man when I was young and never nako "
"luh porket math tsaka filipino lang exam bukas di ka mag aaral?????"
"I GET THIS ALL THE TIME. #Filipino "
" : Gluta-C tvc sa Fox Filipino "
" Yce/24/1999  #SEVENTEEN"
" : Onion potato parmasan served with cordon bleu, stir fry basmatti rice and Filipino chicken Adobo went down yesterday "
"[EagleNewsPH] WATCH: Eagle News International Filipino Edition  March 28, "
"[EagleNewsPH] WATCH: Eagle News International Filipino Edition  March 28, "
"[EagleNewsPH] WATCH: Eagle News International Filipino Edition  March 28, "
"Saint Martin's Pacific Islanders Club (PACI) and Filipino Heritage Club (FHC) are hosting the We Are Here: Family N "
"Fumiya may not be a Filipino but is heart is more like a Filipino#LAYF "
" : imagine a Filipino horror movie na hindi puro gulat, may substance at ang ganda ng kuwento pati cinematography. d"
" Yes please, it'll be fun. And also teach your american classmates some stupid but funny filipino lines "
"  manga is literally mango in filipino lol"
" Gabby, May 3rd, mingyu hansol minghao seungcheol, Filipino"
"  Gabby, May 3rd, mingyu, hansol, minghao, seungcheol, Filipino"
"Sila talaga ni Fumiya yung sobra ang growth inside PBB! can construct Filipino sentences and he's better in "
"Filipino time ahhaha"
"wait ano yung SUMANDIG??? it a Filipino word talaga? para kasing ng #bisakol tawang-tawa ako lorde "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
" : As a mixed Filipino girl, I heard many of these while growing up. Both from other members of my community and from outsiders."
"Binatang filipino yeahh "
" : Love has been an overrated topic of Filipino movies nowadays. I think its time to move on with itand focus more on other genre"
"Did you know that #Filipino migrant workers have been the backbone of #asparagus farming on the west coast? Plus an "
"Aniya, Do your best. Mag-study, time out muna sa Mobile Legend para lahat makaakyat sa stage.  Nakaakyat nga nama "
"Reflection na lang sa filipino at makakatulog na "
"Binakol, kansi at curacha - ilan lang 'yan sa masasarap na pagkaing Pinoy na tampok sa pagdiriwang ng Filipino Food "
" : filipino reveluvs unmute this "
"-half pinoy, half filipino"
"May kwento pala ako so nung sunday nanood kami ng friend ko ng Ulan because mahilig talaga akong manood ng sine m "
"Sobrang babaw lang nung kwento pero kakaiba yung dating. Hindi korny na karaniwang filipino horror movie. The best "
" : anybody who knows how to manipulate olleh tv app? jsksksks my filipino ass is shaking."
"VOTE for Filipino finalists HK SISTERS and POWER DUO to go to #AsiasGotTalent Grand Finals! can vote via both "
" Filipino yan?"
" : [ADMIN] #Junyong's message for INX Philippines and Filipino Fans#INX # # "
"Jologs (2002) is the best coming-of-age filipino film and y'all can't change my mind "
"  Filipino-Japanese"
"Jobs Saudi  Filipino Cook 3 8 yrs Saudi Arabia Saudi Arabia "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"   *cries in filipino*"
"Can i take a picture of your dog?  nag english pa ako Filipino rin naman pala"
"ppl be stereotyping Filipino movies as trashy but haven't seen any "
"Celebration of Hope - Filipino-English Rally "
" : Sabi ko nga sa mga kasama ko sa lahat ng napanood kong filipino horror movie so far sa movie na to ako pinakanatakot.."
"Filipino Atheist here.. "
" : Special Guest Chef  joined  In the #LumpiaLab for a special Vietnamese &amp; Filipino #Lumpia collabo"
" : Every April, OYFA showcases Filipino folk dances, modern dances, as well as a skit. This year theme focuses on mental healt"
" : Filipino woman who sheltered Edward Snowden in Hong Kong granted asylum in Canada with her daughter --&gt; "
"Skl sa lahat ng napanood kong filipino horror movie, para saken eto yung pinaka the best sa lahat! Grabe yung movie "
"Ewan ko ba pero bakit kasi ang fucked up ng Filipino Folk Literature? Gxjbsksbsjzbx kay dami hayop yan."
" City: Filipino video game aims to connect players with local mythology "
" : Filipino logic: you see a 'NO loading and unloading' sign it is the loading and unloading zone."
" : Will I be this close to you again? Maybe not. But I still excited to see you here in Manila exactly one month from now."
" : For #FishFridays: How to cook the #Filipino Pinangat na Tilapia - Fish Stew in Tomatoes - Asian In America "
" : Two weeks. Eight secret menu items. Six high-end pop-ups. All Filipino food. "
" : I grew up in a Catholic Filipino family &amp; was not a good Catholic girl! This, however, makes good sense &amp; puts the 40 da"
" : Secret Menus and Pop-Ups to Honor San Francisco's Filipino Food Scene "
"What Filipino Dessert can describe my emotions lately?~&gt; Halo-halo  man pero totoo. paniszxc!"
"anybody who knows how to manipulate olleh tv app? jsksksks my filipino ass is shaking."
"toxic filipino trait: kung sino galit sya na tama"
"sorry pilipinas i failed as a filipino"
"if only pwede filipino musicals can be done for music KSKSKKS  would Pay to see Lean: A Filipino Musical perform "
"We're encouraging everyone to Support the pilot episode of VOICE OF THE YOUTH RADIO Nationwide on March 30. 11AM - "
"TO GOD BE ALL THE GLORY*WITH HIGH HONOR~Outstanding Performance in Mathematics~Outstanding Performance in Scie "
" Filipino ye..................... der, wrong music"
"I'm not saying that the old design of Darna is bad, it's just that with all these fresher reinterpretations, there' "
"Just watched #Eerie. Ganito ang horror film, matatakot ka kahit hindi dinaan sa cheap jump scares, mapapaisip ka sa "
"Chinese food, korean food or japanese food?  filipino food #supportlocal kaw talaga tsk "
" Yah, nakapunta ako sa L.A and Vegas nila. I just meant na baka may makagaya ng idea and make one for Filip "
"Bagoong Fried Rice  #Filipino #Foodie #yum "
" Do you think I've a Filipino rent boy this nasty anal tears coated in come locked in my basement? c "
"I'm like the only Filipino. Huhuhu. God bless them tho. "
"*Nanonood nang documentary kasama magulang* Mom : Wow, what a hardworking children! Mom : *c "
"filipino parties always so damn stressful"
"I been craving some Lumpia and Pancit. I need to find a Filipino restaurant soon."
" : [#PHKoreanStore FREEBIE] SIGNED Overdose Poster #OT12: quote this tweet and tag 5 filo exo-Ls follo"
" Filipino"
"Filipino oomfs who knows Binibining Mia here? Kakatapos ko lang basahin yung 'I Love You Since 1892' grabeeeee yung "
"WALA NA RIN PA LANG LUNCH, NAASA NA LANG AKO NG MAAGANG DISMISS SA FILIPINO HUUUHHUHUHU SIR PLSSSS "
"  You're Malaysian you say? I'm Filipino. #asianrepresent"
"I don get why people don even spare sympathy even if it clear that you having hard time at work- just beac "
" : Prayers for the birthday of a president critical of the church: Magdalo Party-list Rep. Gary Alejano, a staunch critic of"
"Kakapoy aning filipino oy dli ta katug"
"*someone trying to open up about her depression* she's opening up to; ang arte mo. nasobrahan ka sa arte. "
"tangina ng pagbigkas ng Acta de la proclamaci de independencia del pueblo Filipino"
"Watch: Why Los Angeles Has the Most Exciting Filipino Food in America "
"My bf does it the Filipino way, How did it go again? Can you said that again?  "
"Dalagang Filipino yeah "
" : Y think about you dating someone couple years older than you or couple younger than you is weird you filipino par"
"At La Mama: Nicky Paraiso Now My Hand Is Ready For My Heart: Intimate Histories:  Autobiographical telling of N "
"uy ma ruby just crossed my mind, tbvh she my favourite Filipino teacher. grabe the love and support that she g "
" agree with the spirit, purpose and end objective of this law. We believe that this law will help decrease crime "
"This is treason! Anong manual labor ang hindi kayang gawin ng Filipino construction worker?!#GobyernongLokoloko n "
"Telesales Executive  Outbound  Tagaluto Speaker (Filipino) "
"Telesales Executive  Outbound  Tagaluto Speaker (Filipino) "
"for Filipino ARMY's out there, the EW BTS issue is only 315.79 pesos (5.99 dollars) and let's pray that the issue i "
"The presentation of food is filled with #pnw Filipino American history. Down to the fish tin cans they use in humil "
" Stay strong, stay safe. The Filipino people need your voice."
" : Toxic Filipino culture: when people get invited to an event, but they don't take the time to know what the event is about. kahi"
" : listening to OPM songs and daaaamn the nostalgia hit hard. especially when Sundo by Imago played, I kinda wished my boyfrien"
" : Good news to all Filipino fans of Darren Wang! Fall In Love At First Kiss will be officially showing here in the PHI"
" dal going filipino citizen HAHAHAHAHAH"
"it's weird having a nuclear family as a filipino.'yung walang namemesteng pinsan, 'yung walang lolo at lola, 'yun "
"NAKAKAINDAK,NAKAKAALIW, NAKAKATINDIG BALAHIBO. ANG Huling El Bimbo at the newportperformingartscenter in , "
"Dami ng sa Filipino pero dapat chiiiilll"
" i know right , i told you long time ago that i will bea filipino soon "
"NAKAKAINDAK,NAKAKAALIW, NAKAKATINDIG BALAHIBO. ANG Huling El Bimbo at the newportperformingartscenter in , "
"50% of places gone before we officially advertised. Teacher of nearly 30yrs (1991) Guro Tel sharing his knowledg "
"Y keep talking about Filipino boys, but did anyone ever think of the half Filipino boys? "
" Pag naisalin mo yan sa Wikang Filipino, oo. Hahaha"
" :  That restaurant by the Filipino market ur mom took us to sari sari is so good "
"Kapag makati sa malandi kumakapit. ancient filipino prover"
" That restaurant by the Filipino market ur mom took us to sari sari is so good "
"Why do I even have to translate it into Filipino when I can express it better in English. bring me  "
"oOooOhHhhHhh filipino shawols, you will be receiving a great news soon. better start to save some money "
" : Watched Eerie tonight. aND GRABE GUYS IBA DIN TALAGA ANG FILIPINO HORROR MOVIES PAG BINIBIGYAN NG MATINDING EFFO. NAPAO"
"Let's re-elect Filipino people, Sen. , no. 62 in ballot &amp; Sen. , no. 8 in ballot in May "
"Yung ang daming Filipino laborers sa ibang bansa, tapos di pipiliin dahil hindi fit to work dito?! What the fork! "
"How I fucking wish since I am inclined in international studies. However, pinag-aaral ako ng mamamayang Pilipino an "
"I'm not confident to post this blog pero baka lang naman makatulong sa mga may pinagdadaanan diyan sa life. "
"Tho fan ko og kpop pero lahi ra gihapon pag mag jam na sa OPM songs from filipino bands "
"almost every visaya citizen uses english as their medium. ka na ba niyan? "
"English words translated in Filipino actually hurt...Always finish what you started toLaging tapusin ang mga sinimulan"
" : aliw theater: 2,724 theater: 2,385 casino filipino: 2,000 monbebes ilan ba tayo lahat? kaya naman natin mapun"
" : Grabe  was my first filipino horror na nakashget ko ug taman... galing ng director at ne BEA,CHARO SANTOS"
"Yamyam is a reflection of Filipino majority who dream big for the family...#PBB8FamiLAYF"
"Filipino scientists found a way to make  invisibility cloaks out of old office equipment "
" : First Filipino? Diba naka-wax figure na si Marcos? HAHAHAHA  "
"remember when these Filipino tourists randomly asked to take a photo with jin bc they thought he was handsome &amp; thi "
" : may Filipino bang musical, and pwede ba next year huehue"
"Mar 28 Specials-Butter Chicken;-Vegetable Beef &amp; Barley, Clam Chowder;-Filipino BBQ Pork &amp; Chicken on Rice"
" : #Eerie = 9/10  For me ha, hindi typical na Filipino plot. It would make you think kung ano ba talaga meron hahaha. (O"
"Natapos din mag notes sa filipino hays"
"Pero nakakapagtaka lang,sigawan na kami ni bea kanina pero di kami sinita ng mga teachers sa Filipino center????"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"Justice for Filipino farmers and fishermen. They deserve more."
""
" LOL. When I get calls from numbers I don't recognize I use a pseudo voice such as dog voice in Filip "
"Do ladies do Filipino Martial Arts? This question was asked of us which prompted a quick demo.  taken by Pili "
" : This was my first ever Filipino movie, it just appeared on my Netflix. I'm glad it did  "
"Kami: bakasyon naaaa sa Filipino: ops andito pa ako"
" : CROWDSOURCING: Anyone here who is or knows a *young Filipino who a founder of an **advocacy organization?*Millennial (1"
"mas dama talaga pag purong filipino "
"hindi ko pa nagagawa yung sa filipino"
"Weird customer interaction of the day... :  you French? Cause you look really French. :  I "
"Being Filipino... we grew up on mangos lol "
"So we were video chatting with my cousins and nephew. And we were asked to speak in english but my nephew should sp "
"Today, someone in Psychotherapy class said the word . thought they said  the Filipino word for "
" : Gagu yung #Eerie par, the best Philippine horror movie I've watched. Not exaggerating but I was impressed. Nakaka proud na"
"Hindi sa pagiging eksaherada ah, pero punyeta yung scoring and cinematography ng #Eerie guys, pakaganda! Haha. Eeri "
"Kani...  a song for you Baleleng by Filipino Music://t.co/F3xzUuBqFd"
" My sister in law is Filipino and can make lumpia so you're wrong. But that portrait is pretty damn good anyway. "
"this is so overwhelming to read  a creative director with a big heart for the Filipino audience! "
"our filipino thesis is done "
"Equal pay for equal work! Unionize all workers in the construction industry--foreign and native-born! Filipino and "
" - tEKA unsure ako if mag ta-tagalog ako (kasi naaalala ko discussion natin about wikang Filipino) or mag e-engl "
"Filipina beauty and a Filipino chubby  happy 31st to us lang. thank you for loving me unconditionally for 31 month "
"Emphasizing ingredients like banana leaf, purple yams is often imposing a particular view of Filipino cuisine whos "
" : (Filipino Translation) : Kami po ay nag sasagawa ng isang International project para maipakita ang ating supporta sa AST"
"Toxic Filipino Culture: di ka matalino, bobo ka, wala kang future."
"Gawa naman kayo ng org na Filipino version ng Beacon. Tapos sama ako."
" : Because filipino Tilt-a-whirl operators are this nations backbone! #CamBrady012 #Merica #supportourtroops"
" b1nAtaNg fiLipInO yE"
"NAKA 95 SA FILIPINO *GALING NYA MAG ENGLISH E HAHAHA*"
"Tapos kanina isa siya sa mga emcee ng graduation ng G12. Nakakarinig siya ng mga critiques at pangmamaliit since Fi "
"is filipino hard to learn?  it my first language so no to me? but I think I more fluent in English now lol "
" : Had to get in on some of the karaoke fun at Manila 101 Filipino restaurant. Make sure you check them out. Awesome food,"
"toxic filipino culture?  yung ang lakas mag yabang at mag angas sa social media pero puta pag hinarap tinatakbuhan "
"my mom is torturing me honestly. she made alllll this sinigang &amp; none of my other siblings like it bc they fake "
" : This boy so damn fine and sex so good. I looking up Filipino wedding traditions because he not going anywhere "
"Because filipino Tilt-a-whirl operators are this nations backbone! #CamBrady012 #Merica #supportourtroops"
"glad that my filipino mom didn push me for nursing, but bc of that she always questioning my major and asking if PT is right for me"
" 4 pcs. freshly fried galunggong  whole onion pcs. tomatoes  tbsp of Del Monte Filipino Style Tomato Sauce"
"#TBT It's already been a year since I started my Adobo Buns special ippudony !-style abobo shred "
" Matatapang na talaga tao ngayon wala na kinatatakutan, kaya kahit hindi ko inabutan panahon ni mar "
"Filipino and Tle problema ko"
"iba talaga ang dating saakin ng lalaki kapag mixed race. halimbawa: filipino-american o asian-western. pogi"
"i remember this guy from my class who often used the n word. i called him out, saying it was racist &amp; only black pe "
"Filipino Lasagna Recipe by #PinoyRecipeAtIbaPa://t.co/rrpiQjxQCP.#FilipinoRecipes #PinoyRecipes "
"MARK JOHN AVILA Saturnino Urios University of Secondary Education Major in Filipino of 2019 "
"Watch: Why Los Angeles Has the Most Exciting Filipino Food in America - Eater "
"Your superhuman efforts to avoid anything that even remotely s... More for Aries "
" anj ; aug 3 ; seungcheol ; filipino"
" : Early Filipino pioneers in the Yakima Valley faced harsh discrimination. "
" : MAPAPAMURA KA SA EERIE. ONE OF A KIND FILIPINO HORROR MOVIE. #EERIEisHere"
"Whoever wrote the Filipino manuscript dated June 15, 1859 in the most illegible script I have ever fucking seen, I "
" dalagang filipino ka e"
"kuya: FILIPINO ka, apay dagita Kpop ti kaykayat mo gamin?"
"Mom: how's your filipino grade?: don't ask me. I'm fucked as fuck. she got mad  totally forgot I was talk "
"Nearly two decades later, Landon and Jamie are together again... this during the Hollywood Walk of Fame Ceremony. ^ "
"Thoughts about Bea  Daghan kayg sekreto hahaha, sabay, masaligan, dugay maulit hahahaha kay kung maulit ko patay n "
" My Filipino plus 1 once flew on Wow air. In her entire life time of flying only once was she afraid of "
"Late night random doodle of a Filipino superhero #oc#digitalart "
" : is it true Filipino boys ruin your life "
"Filipino band WATCHINANNGO record their first single in "
"The Filipino Komedya is actually a part of my reviewer  Mabuhay, Teatro Lokal! Happy #WorldTheatreDay "
"Early Filipino pioneers in the Yakima Valley faced harsh discrimination. "
"28 months with dis binatang filipino yea  "
"hey! i'll be posting all of my thoughts here. they may be in filipino/english though."
" : Filipino prodigy Kai Sotto is set to break big news now that the local season is over. #RealMadrid? #Barcelona? "
"New Post (3/28): Filipino Ensaymada with ! #sponsored "
"i was afraid of getting into filipino indie rock cuz i know i wouldnt listen to anything else for a while but i suc "
"#APECBelievesInMe believes in me because I learned to be confident in speaking english because when I was in s "
" : bruh do you know how big filipino families are bruh "
"It was not long ago the famously brown Irish were considered not white. the type of people who care that much a "
"FUCK FILIPINO MENTALITY NA PAG HINDI MED FIELD OR ENGINEERING YUNG COURSE MO, WALANG PERA. TANGINA."
"    My ancestry is Spanish, Chinese and Indian. Knowing Filipinos "
"  Bulalo &gt; Every filipino food"
" que el mam con los ojos m grandes es el tarsero filipino (Tarsius syrichta) o que el pez m lento e "
" :  was  your typical filipino horror film kudos to the cinematography "
" : Every Filipino household has a Karaoke Machine. I convinced"
"OPPO F11 Pro Review: Premium design and good display - Filipino Tech Addict "
" Samantalang yung mga kalahi nga niya ang nagpapahirap sa mga  fans niya."
"bruh do you know how big filipino families are bruh "
"Anything for the Filipino audience! You guys deserve so much better so ill try and do better with each film I make. "
"Filipino security guard stands up to foreigners for harassing his countrymen at a fast-food chain "
" It the title of their songs in Filipino combined together. "
"This boy so damn fine and sex so good. I looking up Filipino wedding traditions because he not going anywhere "
"Filipino at English  baka naman"
"Minsan ka lang makakahanap ng friends o tao na same kayo na mahilig sa Filipino Movies plus mag babatuhan kayo ng l "
"I understand that the Chinese workers may have come here for decent work but to take it away from lots of qualified "
"i just transcribed 4 pages worth of filipino interviews,,, my brain is fried ()"
" : Interesting project. Season 1 unpacks a racialized headline about Asian homeowners, follows one person journey in accept"
"Let this home inspire you to build your own dream haven. "
" hahahah lahh d ay? anad anad na kay major nako puhon is filipino na hahah balik school koa"
"AND TBH I WAS STARVING LIKE HELL SINCE THE NIGHT BEFORE SO THE SIGHT OF FOOD HU ME SO MUCH. went to this Filip "
"  OMG Love it! Turtle Yuzu is a Penyu  in Filipino Panyo means handkerchief"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"Pero imbes na manlumo, lalo lang tayong nagiging resolbado sa ating mga prinsipyo. All counts as reaffirmation to o "
"Filipino tastes in movies usually revolves around who is in the film than how great the film is which is why some m "
"Ever seen a Filipino mom with dignity? Neither have I"
" : A young Filipino filmmaker on her way to Cannes is history writing itself!  help her achieve this one! For the Filipin"
" : I'M NOT A FILIPINO, BUT THEY REALLY DESERVE TO SEE SABRINA      #SaveSingu"
" : HELP FILIPINO CARPENTERS TO SAVE THE SHOW #SaveSingularTourManila #SaveSingularTourMNL"
"Good morning to everyone except girls who slander Filipino men"
"China monitoring my calls, emails, says Senior SC Justice Carpio | News | GMA News Online "
" in filipino bonjour/salut is still hi and hello ( is basically comment  va but its more used whe "
"++ I also stan hyuna and gd at FILIPINO DIN AKO HELLO MGA KABABAYAN"
"Hindi ko ata naging teacher to kaya ambaba ko sa Filipino  "
"This is my filipino chinese son who just graduated from med school say hello to Arvin "
"Buti pa si Fumiya proud kung maka-PINOYPOWER samantalng si Kim Chiu kung maka-DABEST ang CHINESE parang hindi nakik "
"Someone I know got told by her #Filipino dad to not have sex w/ her bf during their trip. Fathers gotta realize the "
"Filipino moms are the best!  "
" : 3. Sa filipino myths, sino ang highest-ranking deity, and described as maykapal ng lahat? #ShopeeQuiz"
"Video game Balete City, a role-playing game made by Filipinos, seeks to use technology to showcase local... "
"inaantok na ako. kahit isang titik, wala pa akong nasisimulan sa Filipino. minimum daw na four pages, eh tamad ang lolo niyo."
" i remembered when i was still studying in a French-Filipino School, they taught us Comment tu t'appelle "
" : Fvkng Filipino Culture  "
"tuwing Filipino na yung subject, hindi nga pumupunta si chuks sa pwesto niya ih"
"These Chinese are employed by Chinese firms and experienced at what they do. Equally efficient are Filipinos regula "
" bro same what the fuck they said u are NOT filipino here a zit for ur trouble"
"Fvkng Filipino Culture  "
"I swear EERIE is the first FILIPINO HORROR MOVIE I've love. It makes myself breathtaking. Lol . "
" : Filipino teachers on H-1B visa in Baltimore experience visa restrictions under the Trump administration. #USimmigration #F"
"If you're interested in Wave, Marvel's newest Filipino superhero, and happen to be attending , I'd highly "
" slipper game a Filipino game. Its like a baseball slipper version game but instead of using bats, yo "
"07:49am Filipino Baby by Pearl Harbour"
"where are you from?i'm from the philippinesoh i know a filipino word! uh. putangina "
" : big time rush boyfriend but in a Filipino accent"
"07:49am Filipino Baby - Pearl Harbour - Don't Follow Me, I'm Lost Too(Warner)"
"Do u believe in real equality and fairness? Philippines actually have divorce,  the Filipino muslims and the indige "
"This Sunday our Filipino ministry will be celebrating their 17th Anniversary! We thank the Lord for the faithfulnes "
"Do u believe in real equality and fairness? Philippines actually have divorce,  the Filipino muslims and the indige "
"The Filipino gov is clearly using these tactics to try and close down news coverage that is critical as editors "
" : Here we can see the toxic filipino parent in its natural habitat. Their greatest weakness? Admitting they wrong and lis"
"flex ko lang acad performance ko sa filipino yang putang inang 96 magiging 84 charot lang kahit mga 93 lang ma'am haha"
"the filipino games on this thread oh my god I MISS BEING A KID "
" Sa Wave Cave (AirBnB) kami nung una tapos lumipat kami to Sinag Hostel. Daming foreigners sa Siargao, I sw "
"LMAO THIS FREAKIN FILIPINO NEWS STATION. "
"Hi ako nga pala yung katabi mo sa kanan tuwing Filipino kay Ms. Jucel :)  HALAAA  natatandaan mo pa 'yon???  "
" Bang-sak a Filipino traditional game w/c is like the normal hide-and-seek but the it will say 'ban "
"Like..i shit u not how a lot of filipino influencers are actually celebs already prior to becoming such bc they're "
"Toxic Filipino Culture?: Basta't kasama kita, jowa na kita."
"Fuck Filipino Panganay Culture!"
" : Let's watch! My first video edit #HrithikRoshan featured Filipino Actress, #AndreaTorres #BangBang "
"man filipino moms can be scary as hell whew"
" Carmela 27 lets be moots im a new follower btw hihihih"
" : *NEW* article: Ambient surveillance. On Filipino social media in diaspora, building on   "
"Para akong nanunuod ng epic Filipino movie sa #SahayaParaSaAnak . Dun ko lang kasi napapanood yung mga ganung scene "
"wtf di nabalik ung filipino book ko tapos first day un hello putangina"
" the filipino drag fans is a big community!! join us!! "
"Toxic Filipino mindset. Gumawa lang ng ilang pagkakamali, makakalimutan na lahat ng ginawa mong tama. God bless you "
"Nagiging norm na sa filipino movies ang pag romanticize ng cheating sa partner tbh "
" : Many thanks to  for sharing great conversation and Filipino food today! Advice for #CaAssemblyFellows: inse"
"Hey my bitch! Kung mababasa mo man ito gusto ko lang sabihin na you really did your best lalo na sa Filipino natin. "
"Got a gig in two weeks n tryna master sunflower on the guitar n ME FILIPINO HANDS DONT WANT TO COOPERATE WITH ME"
"OPPO F11 Pro Review: Premium design and good display - Filipino Tech Addict "
" : i know i don't have credibility when i say this, but mann, ya'll gotta stop romanticizing that being late is a Filipino tra"
"Japan-bound Filipino skilled workers to get equal or more pay than Japanese counterparts  Manila Bulletin News - "
"I don't know why I feel hurt or offended when some people tell me  I thought you're non-Filipino or You don't lo "
" Part Filipino so Lumpia , oxtail , pansit..... #raiderrealtor #sarap #filipinofood"
" Langit Lupa (Heaven, Earth) is a Filipino game. Kind of like Tag, you're it but you can only tag peo "
" Kce haha ang gulo korean age and filipino age ee haha two years if korean age "
"Pero ibang klase talaga EERIE sa lahat ng Filipino horror movies, sobrang galing! 10/10!!!"
"Ang daming overrated plot devices. Unnecessary settings. Parehong formula lagi sa plot and cinematography. Walang m "
"Most adults have this thing in common called as Thirst of Respect that they tend to call everyone 'bastos' or sha "
" Arts pre or pag wala talaga hrm or major filipino  ganyan din balak ko e"
"    Looooool when I trolled Mod that I would be coming after "
"  ughhh iba rin talaga kapag filipino fics. magkaiba sila ng dating ng english fics. but real "
"toxic filipino culture?   mo na trabaho na nila yan matutong mag kusa siz. "
" : Toxic Filipino culture:'re gay and they insist that you are a woman, yet when you are a transwoman, they insist that"
"Dalagang filipina yeah meets binatang filipino (left)  at BUMPANES (Bumbay na Japanese sa right)  "
"Tas filipino time nanaman ay sauce"
"With highest honor. Valedictorian. Best in Filipino, AP, Science and English. Leadership Award. Service Award. Cond "
"I'M NOT A FILIPINO, BUT THEY REALLY DESERVE TO SEE SABRINA     "
"fellow FILIPINO KPOP FAN, anyone? let's be mutuals! ://t.co/2sWdhFBGiB "
"If you find a Half-Filipino  "
" : Just so you know who carefully crafted this law to make professionals be their milking cows for profit masked as advancemen"
"Watched Eerie tonight. aND GRABE GUYS IBA DIN TALAGA ANG FILIPINO HORROR MOVIES PAG BINIBIGYAN NG MATINDING EFFOR "
" typically this is what our grandma's would tell (filipino grandma stereotype) HAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHA"
"Hindi n'yo ba napapansing mas nagtutunog mabait at mahinhin ang mga nanalita ng purong Filipino kumpara sa mga hindi?"
"...na kabaligataran naman kapag nagpi-Filipino ako."
" : gRaBe nasurvive ko lahat ng recitation sa filipino HAHAHAHA"
"Filipino families need to stop making their kids their retirement plan. "
"A better life for every Filipino "
" Filipino. Hirap maging lider"
"inaya ako ni jed sa swimming nila, gusto ko sumama kaso epal kasi yung filipino nyemas"
"Kung Filipino Horror Movie ang pinag uusapan, isa to sa the best "
" : Getting ready for the #samahan #annualshow #filipino #folkdance #samahan #photoshoot #headshots #little #filipina #cul"
"HELP FILIPINO CARPENTERS TO SAVE THE SHOW #SaveSingularTourManila #SaveSingularTourMNL"
"And this, Filipino kids, is how their  sold you out. #dutertetraydor "
" Eater Watch: Why Los Angeles has the most exciting Filipino food in America "
"A lot of Filipino movies are underrated + underappreciated even if they're nice "
" Php? She's a Filipino??? Good God if she really does this shit we don't claim her "
"Filipino tv shows revolve around the ff:. Adultery . Rival family businesses . Rival political clans. Kidna "
"  she was literally half filipino and half japanese, but all her life felt like she's ju "
"eclipse was engaged to supply the full technical package for Supreme: , the first Filipino sold-out conc "
"Watch: Why Los Angeles has the most exciting Filipino food in America "
" : just watched eerie and i gotta say this... THE BEST FILIPINO HORROR FILM SO FAR "
"First time in my life I read a novel and pinugos pagyud ywaa things I do for this major na filipino"
"Opposition senatorial candidate Gary Alejano called out the Duterte administration for downplaying reports that Fil "
" Pero Filipino time "
"pero grabiii :( outstanding perf in filipino nakalagay sa ppt ko imbis na english wahhahaha. ok lang din xd"
"I THINK ITS THE CUTEST THING THAT FILIPINO VLD STANS CALL LANCE BOY LUSOT JCKDKVMMGM"
"gusto ko nung filipino version ng tarot cards kaso PERA"
"Binatang pilipino yeah!!HAAHHAHAA half japanese half filipino yeah! "
" : Toxic Filipino Family Culture.Pag anak ka, anak ka lang. Bawal mo sabihin nararamdaman mo. Bawal ka tumanggi. Bawal mag"
"#Filipino maid feeds milk mixed with her #urine to a 7 month old Kuwaiti #baby "
"A semi-presidential form of government, if adopted here in the Philippines will make the system of governance more "
"EERIE not your typical filipino horror film. , bullying, anxiety, and loneliness are the real hor "
"Sa Eerie lang ako pinagpawisan na Filipino Horror movie. Legit!!!  like WTF DID I JUST WATCHED!? Sulit yung  men solid HAHAHA."
" the Filipino American National News would still love the opportunity to interview you weather on the "
"And the age old Wala kang utang na loob! Basically guilt tripping when they raised &amp; traumatized you for 20+ year "
" This is an advance Filipino joke"
"Makahappy man ang mga results nga akong nakit rn oy. Mock job interview score &amp; filipino grade hayyy thank you so much, Lord!! "
"is it just me oooorr cursing in filipino just feels more intense and bad,, and there's a crisp to it than cursing in english skdkk???? ??"
"Nami man mga antiromantic Filipino movies ah haha "
" there is a saying in filipino which says, maingay ang latang walang laman basically, an empty can when s "
"the sovs are filipino i can feel it"
" : retweet if youre a filipino &amp; celebrating jackson wang's birthday rather than our president dutErte  "
"w0w this is really iNsEnsItiVE to the millions of filipino youth who're denied even the opportunity to study? And y "
" : It that time of year again.  The Annual Filipino Festival is upon us, and it be great for you to join us. There"
" : Congratulations to 2019  Award finalists  (BUTTERMILK GRAFFITI), Ilene Rosen &amp; Donna Gelb ("
"    filipino designers"
"Sila: chill chill nalng habang nag hihintay ng susunod na School Year : magrereport pa kame bukas sa Filipino."
"Di naman nasusunod yang seat number na yan, kahit saan na lang yan  ba kahirap sundin yung mga seat number "
"  ni kat filipino ja hahah"
" aaaaaaa hello fellow filipino great i guess"
" U filipino?    make a filipino design chat pls."
"My heart broke twice that time. My mother tought that my part-time job really was a hindrance to my study. I want t "
" : Mahal na mahal ko talaga ang DonKiss. Sobrang bihira ako humanga ng Filipino artist pero nahatak talaga nila ako. (  )#"
" : When you the only Filipino friend that can sing  "
" Hahahahaha Filipino Dramas are lit!!!"
" Shazam but in filipino budget"
" Please read my thread and compare the explanations to what your prof (and other 'Filipino' specialists) claims"
" Filipino stinkers RISE UP"
"i wish opm artists would sing more in idk filipino? the industry is alrdy saturated with slow english songs and im "
" Medyo limot ko na yung context nung tweet pero during nung Commonwealth napagbotohan ang pagpili sa T "
"  it's the first time i've ever seen them too! a new ube twist this filipino bakery was trying out :)"
" Best in Filipino"
" : My timeline is full of languages I don understand... Brazilian Portuguese, Filipino, Bahasa, and Malay. We love an int"
"Pope names 2 new Filipino bishops "
"Fave Filipino love team?"
" Gurl... witnessing and experiencing it and I ain't even Filipino. #smh The whole world can do better. #pusongpinoy"
"Nung natapos ako sa filipino natapos na din relasyon namin"
" I wonder if it helps to try+think of what he would say before, if your dad was more supportive before "
"://t.co/nyZXt7QVHL"
"Retro is the 8th studio album of Filipino singer-actress Regine Velasquez, released in 1996 through Polycosmic Re "
"With honors! Thanks G Academic Reading &amp; Writing Statistics &amp; Probability Physical Science Filipino 2 "
"Imma share what happened earlier. kanina, stressed na stressed ak0 kase hindi ako naka pag aral because of me b "
""
" : HOPE- pagasa sa filipino ngunit never akong pinaasa, binubuo ng tatlumpu't apat na estudyante at isang guro na nagiiwan ng"
" What do you mean? And which Filipino language are you referring to?"
" : DREAMCATCHER and Filipino InSomnia are in perfect harmony #DREAMCATCHERinManila "
" Haha that's true! :))  this is so interesting! Tea in Filipino is  which is also like  "
" : HI, I NEED MORE FILIPINO MUTUALS!  THIS IF: NCTZEN KA OT21 STAN KA LAB MO SI PAPI DANTEEEE MADALDAL KA"
" PE STS DISCRETE COMPROG FILIPINO UTS CALCULUS I CAN SEE THE LIGHT "
"Interesting project. Season 1 unpacks a racialized headline about Asian homeowners, follows one person journey i "
" : Scandal at CA labor agency. finds nepotism, dishonesty, culture of fear, whistleblower retaliation, disregard for"
" of decisions by MacArthur miss the point: FDR was actually calling the shots. His motivations, not MacArt "
" : #HigherEd Update: The PhilFrance Scholarship is a French government scholarship directed to Filipino students and professional"
" :  Yes please!!! Samira doesn't only represent people of Marawi and Filipino Muslims in general but also Filipino w"
" ba kasi kailangan pa ng filipino na subject "
" : it isn a filipino party until you step on some rice"
"Yung may binabalak kang masama. #work #selfie #goodmorning #pinoy #filipino #asian #igers #tagsforlike "
"Why would your scare tactic work when Misuari was beaten in a week when he staged a revolt in Zamboanga? And your s "
" FILIPINO MOOD my younger relatives didnt learn my actual name until they turned like 4"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"  So by that logic, should we respect North Korean Laws so that they can respect us too? (I "
"pota tapos na ren reflection sa filipino"
"when i was still active in my fanacc, i always tweet about what ganap in my life and a mutual dm-ed me (malaysi "
" is traditional filipino music okay? dumbele is a rain chant"
"so there this new sgt that joined the squad today, and people are already suspecting him of being gay and when I "
"Tara na tara na sundin na ang puso're singing in Filipino I can't! This is too much "
"Toxic filipino mindset::  Pag nanahimik ka, guilty ka.: Pero pag pinaglaban mo sarili mo, defensive ka."
"Hoodin #work #selfie #goodmorning #pinoy #filipino #asian #igers #tagsforlike #instalike #instame #instaself "
"Gaig! Bakit ang gaganda ngayon ng mga Filipino movies sa sinehan?!!! naman! Wala na akong pera!!!"
" : toxic filipino culture :  expressing or telling ur feelings towards your parents makes you disrespectful and walang k"
"bat laging may emotional cheating na nagaganap sa mga filipino movies "
" You seriously like Jolibee?  Wild.  Most of my Filipino friends won eat there.  They go to McDonald "
"Dubai much is this? bente. Mura lang yan, kabayan. was not Filipino. Kabalo lang gd sila tanan "
" pero sa totoo lang walang judgement sa sinigang preferences natin dAHIL SINIGANG IS SINIGANG AND SINIGANG M "
"Sa tingin mo paano uunlad ang Pilipinas?  With the help of the Filipino people. Pag lahat responsable at nagkakais "
"My #longdistanceboyfriend learns Filipino ://t.co/K6ZiRHmy92"
"TOXIC FILIPINO CULTURE: marunong mag english, agad "
" The word  just gets under my skin. People refer to my Filipino coworkers as  all th "
" name: eunhwan: october 2/es: jeonghan/mingyu: filipino"
"I wanna watch Eerie gyud ayyy  bahala pag mao rana akong adtoon ug syudad makalantaw lang gyud ko ana perooooo wa "
"eerie // not your typical filipino horror movie "
" :   Great comic but there is a disturbing tendency to flatten the class divide along neat color/raci"
" : IM CRYING NINGNING LITERALLY MEANS SHINE IN FILIPINO AND OUR BABY NINGNING SHINES BRIGHTER THAN A STAR IM NOT OKAY,,, WHAT HA"
"Tamang 71 lang sa filipino pag dire mahuman ang chapter 3-5 doon na duhom HAHAHAHA. Chill2 lang kasiiii fighting jochiee"
"Telesales Executive  Outbound  Tagaluto Speaker (Filipino)  RAKBANK  Dubai "
" : Thank you lord nakapag moving-up ako. Mga medals: W/ highest honors, best in math &amp; science, best in com-sci, best in"
"Edwin  If you fall, I'll be there  hiddent talent ang pagcalligraphy effortless ang pagiging funny niya. l "
"Hero or traitor? "
"Hero or traitor? "
" :  Maybe MNL48 Team N4 (Palusot Ko Maybe) Filipino &amp; English Lyrics "
"Join us today at 5 for a screening of The Delano Manongs followed by a discussion with director  &amp; Sm "
"One new case of imported measles patients was a Filipino passenger "
" Maybe MNL48 Team N4 (Palusot Ko Maybe) Filipino &amp; English Lyrics "
"FILIPINO MAYS ARE LIKE OXYGEN.'RE IMPOANT TO ME- PARK JIHOON WILL STILL EXIST!"
"If my dad likes a celebrity they automatically part Filipino to him.  know Zac Efron part pilipino"
"Who likes old Filipino songs?"
"#Eerie = 9/10  For me ha, hindi typical na Filipino plot. It would make you think kung ano ba talaga meron hahaha "
"Huge difference between dating a Filipino and dating a non-Filo... HUGE!!!"
" Sabagay di kaman filipino, nigro ka HAHAHAHA"
"Toxic filipino trait?  Being Judgemental "
"Tropang wala lang,Tamang basa lang,Salaula fans club,power pop gurls,Genesis,Filipino genesis,Math7  genesis,Leade "
"Good luck to us and A.P presentation for hight scores"
" Filipino stan twt accs usually uses that curse word a lot  i knew someone would ask sooner or later"
"Bisexual Pride PH mainly posts about Filipino Bisexual Men &amp; Women or Lesbians or Gays but sometimes features Twice "
"+ inorg chem long exam+ lab exam + math analysis long exam+ practical exam+ lab report+ filipino final output na epal"
"ako'y half filipino half... niloloko"
"Them: high section,w/honors,w/medals,w/jowa:lower na nga lapang jowa tapos ayaw pa pirmahan yong filipino ko."
" why? filipino version lang naman"
"naalala ko, gaganap pa pala ako bilang Isagani para sa peta namin sa filipino "
"tangina pano na yung sa filipino"
"patapos na school year at ngayon ko lang narealize na, never pala akong nakapag word of the day sa english or filipino subj. HAHAHAHA"
"Cool moves Filipino"
"Miss ko na mga classmates kong magagaling sa malalalim na Filipino words"
"I maybe wrong... but why are most Filipino bloggers and youtubers very self entitled???? Sobrang toxic ng culture like WTF"
" Also I wonder if purple yam cookie is ube (popular filipino flavor)...or just misnamed when actually pu "
"This is a story a half-Filipino family, with pure Filipino family values!  Watch #FamiliaBlondina in US theaters "
"unpopular opinion po about sa Filipino Culture?  milktea or iced coffee daw. Di pa rin nasosolve kung ano ba daw m "
"#PaanoKayaKung we speak pure Filipino like Korean speak pure hangul or Japanese pure nihonggo. "
"bins:fil-am ako duh. Half filipino, half-ampogi. PUTAAA HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA"
" : filipino moots please like this so i am fully aware that you are one of my people"
"Many many thanks to  for the Filipino mythology tweets and beautiful art fucking fantastic!!"
"Coconut trees are the best of Filipino in yamang bukid farm in puerto Princesa Palawan city Philippines "
"Hate has no place in the house of God.  Tutu#discoverph #travelingpinoy #travelpinas  #batangas "
"TEAM BOBO ng Otso Diretso sa Inidoro na mga DILAWAN na taga LP (Lapiang Pandaraya). Wag IBOTO! Kawawa mga Filipino "
"you know you filipino if you can sing titoy bibbo"
"Buti nalang kahit bagsak ako sa filipino na honor pa din ako"
"cheerdance  booklet binding sheet lecture lecture short film  "
" : I missed being with filipino ikonics ;( I will definitely go there once iKON announce they will be having concert in PH. H"
"For those who are planning to watch Eerie, nice sya, sulit ang 200  felt like I was watching a Thai or Korean ho "
" Oo tol Half filipino-half ampogi HAHAHAHAH"
"7:30 - 8:25, Cheer dance :25 - 9:20, AP Quiz:50 - 10:45, Filipino Summative "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
" : Babyruth Villarama, the filmmaker, had to pay 50k for a reevaluation to get a G rating, in which she argued that the film"
" Manila is one of the most beautiful Filipino film I have ever seen, and also , glad they in Netflix "
"  Thing is...since I am of Filipino descent...I found out a few of the actors and actresses "
"my cousin added me to subtle filipino traits &amp; someone said  is gross &amp; honestly...i never felt so disrespected"
" How you know you Filipino."
"kanang after jud nako "
"Time to spill the tea I dancing in my LAST pilipino culture night ever. This weekend. At ODU. Come thru. Free Fi "
" Khim/18/2002 of them(but ultimate is Gyu) "
"FILIPINO HOUSEHOLD TALAGA MEN "
"#DFAgram from the Philippine Consulate General in Manado: The Filipino community in Makassar has been formally orga "
" You have a weird thing, but it's not a name, it's charm. HAHAHAHAHA. Anyways, I checked your name to an "
"ay di pa pala hahha Filipino pa HAHHA"
"people need to stop sleeping on historical Filipino movies "
" Dont worry! I still dont want to. HAHAHAHA Blame filipino love stories"
"World Food Caf- Filipino  Fight "
"Kong naay fil-am, 1/2 filipino 1/2 american poy fil-ni 1/2 filipino1/2 niloloko paita maypag matug"
"isang binatang filipino yEaH HAHAHHAAAaaAaaHHhhH"
" unsaon taman bisan apil ko sa classroom honors tapos proud kaayo ko nag ingon nga best in filipino k "
"Gusto ko mapanood eerie pati maria. More horror and action filipino movies pls. Wag yung puro romcom "
" : toxic filipino culture? yung kinorek mo lang naman siya pero siya pa 'tong galit. hALA SIGE POTANGINAMO BAHALAKAJAN."
"i can't forget when i wrote a summary about a filipino story when its suppose to be about who wrote them"
"Toxic Filipino culture :  mananghid pas uyab kung molaag kaysas ginikanan hahaha lol grow up ppl."
" : . + Filipino tongue twisters = ://t.co/9UwwVbejoo | #SportsCenterPH "
"I hope that someone will make a video of where in koreans react to Filipino celebrities just like this and Kisses w "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"There are a lot of Filipino Carpenters. I still don't get up to this day how it didn't reach the quota "
"ang tapang namin kaninang filipino class namin omg i kennat "
"unpopular opinion: The General's Daughter is the Filipino version of City Hunter."
" : Filipino moms when they pregnant:  |               | |                |                  |"
" : ok but i still can't get over how us ph Tinks at the aja aja tayo shooting were cheering loudly for SB19 (filipino boyg"
"Congratulations to 2019  Award finalists  (BUTTERMILK GRAFFITI), Ilene Rosen &amp; Donna "
"#ProudPinoy!!!  First Filipino with a wax figure in Madame Tussauds wax museum in Hong Kong!-#Repost "
"Just watched Eerie!! Probably my fave Filipino Horror movie!! Ang ganda"
" The owners also keep 6 year old Filipino kids in sweatshops, guess that right too?"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"mimiyuuuh is like the filipino version of miranda sings swear hahaha"
"Shoutout to most Filipino artists! "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"Binatang Filipino, yeah "
"atay maning filipino na pa theater uy ugh"
"Unpopular opinion ba toh?  may boyfriend kang foreigner at filipino ka tingin nila sayo wasak na wasak at gamit na gamit. "
" May mga filipino films na nga rin eh hahaha"
"ma lagot najud ko aning filipino ba"
"Best filipino food in the kingdom! Thanks Christine  delicious food and beautiful presentation of every dish! wi "
"      Woohoo Filipino Friday!!!!"
"New Frontier Theater is ready for the tour Carpenters are ready for the tour ready for the "
" :    Ladies, let's start our mission to support QUALITY Filipino movies by watching Eerie!!! Let'"
"Filipino who walked around nude: MMHA recommends psychiatric "
"Filipino who walked around nude: MMHA recommends psychiatric "
"National Food Fair highlights classic Filipino dishes with a twist | The Manila Times Online "
". + Filipino tongue twisters = ://t.co/9UwwVbejoo | #SportsCenterPH "
" : Portuguese Stick Fighting finds Revival within Filipino Martial Arts. The Revival of Jogo de pau "
" : . I had to say ! when the online magazine, Positively Filipino, asked me to write about the San Francisco"
" ikaw yung classmate ni bianca na sobrang bibo as a person ++ beauty &amp; brain i loyk ur attitude congrats sa "
"AAAAAAA found jm but filipino version im--- AaAaAaAaa"
" : Saved the Filipino Horror Genre#Eerie "
"Ngayon ko lang napagtanto, pulitika ang pumapatay sa pelikulang Filipino."
"ok but i still can't get over how us ph Tinks at the aja aja tayo shooting were cheering loudly for SB19 (filipino "
"I'm just fucking saying filipino cinema has so many potentials but its the industry itself who's ruining it"
"ay char lang. putek naa pa diay values ug filipino"
"i looking for carat moots specially filipino carats kasi kailangan ko ung energy niyo para mabuhay muli ung tl ko "
"#tigertattoo #tattoo filipino celebrities tattoo, american flag eagle tattoo designs, british army tattoos, flower "
" you asian + filipino"
"GOD THE AMOUNT OF POWER THAT FILIPINO AISTS HAS !!!!!! THEY CAN CREATE AN AMAZING ANIMATION FILM IF ONLY THE PH C "
" I'm a Filipino."
". I had to say ! when the online magazine, Positively Filipino, asked me to write about the San Fra "
"2. GINANG TERESITA GOMEZ gitudlo nia, gamit gyod kayos akong pagtinagalog diris Manila haha. Grabe iyang qu "
"GIVE ME FILIPINO ARMY MUTUALS "
"filipino moots please like this so i am fully aware that you are one of my people"
" it's a PH Army's thing to start tweeting in english and finishing it with Filipino  can always transla "
" : Thread of the gems that the Metro Manila Film Festival gave us. A reminder of its role and place in the cultural landscape. U"
"Every Filipino household has a Karaoke Machine. I convinced"
" : Wen Fumiya was here in d Philippines to study he lived a life like a normal regular Filipino student nagta - tricycle sa"
"imbes na mag vid sa filipino "
"My Mom said that dinner at home would be Lumpiang Shanghai and I suddenly had an Anton Ego moment: I wanted to give "
" You dont understand filipino??"
"Lance de ocampo whoo?? Lol.. Siargao doesn't need you. I bet you if you come here no one would take photos with you "
"   I don't know if it's correct but i think he is a Filipino living in Korea for good"
" ahhhcckkk filipino mbb , thErE!!!! "
"School out for summer... on your bucket list with your Buddy for the summer?#sorbetes "
"yung mga filipino dad jokes mo talaga eh "
"Samu't saring putahe mula sa iba-ibang rehiyon, tampok sa pagdiriwang ng Filipino Food Month "
" : First 10 buyers of the #KulinaryConfidential 8:30pm seating of 's 5 course feast on Mon, April 1 at "
" They deserve it, the are super talented...even I am not a Filipino loves them ... "
"Yung matutulog kana sana kaso naalala mong di pa pala tapos yung thesis nyo sa filipino,,, SiGeee AntoKkkk fighTtt meeeE."
" Screams in Filipino"
"another toxic filipino culture  "
"plus uts and filipino grrrr"
"7 Years after his first Filipino Movie (Suddenly It's Magic), Mario Maurer still keeps in touch with his friends in "
"ako lang ba yung ina antok sa filipino subject?"
"Condolence to Chitty Cometa on the demise of her beloved mother Tita Irene Sarmiento Cometa. Tita Irene was my  "
"a filipino belmont i am losing my sh*t not, then a filipino clan linked to the belmonts. if they can have ties "
" Jk Rowling reveals that you can find a good job in the area of the Filipino youth regarding mental illnesses "
"Ano Phixos and Filipino Nctzens Are you ready????  Either Nct or Exo on august. Get ready people!  #Phixo "
"Last Picture sa Classroom/27/19 Filipino ye "
" your welcome im Filipino to"
"it not your typical Indie filipino horror film, it a movie that has an interaction with modern issues such as a "
"A filipino game based on senior high and engkatos?? I FUCKING LOVE IT. "
"OK BUT IMAGINE A FILIPINO SETTING CASTLEVANIA. My nind is growing WILD. We  have all the supernatural beings here f "
"Mainit na filipino choco with love"
" henlo i always see u in my timeline and i think you're really cool and i feel like ur also a filipino idk maybe b "
"In the name of filmmaking and Filipino pride, let's support her! "
" iM FILIPINO, NOT BUOT2 PERSON"
"FILIPINO PRIDE ADVOCATES SERIES: Lobien, Chief Executive Officer of Lobien Realty Group and the Chair of Wo "
" : Meet John Yoyogi Fortes, in residence at  through May 3. A Filipino-American artist based in Sacramento, his paintin"
"Nothing bothers me more than a Filipino who thinks they can say nigga because they obsessed with stereotypes of "
" :  Tangina / Putangina isn't just a filipino word anymore, It's an international word now."
" : Animated Filipino Films should be more prominent. Animated Films can either restore old media or create a new one. Trust"
"Military officials said on Wednesday that it has not received any recent report of Filipino fishermen in the vicini "
"  Not disagreeing, I know Darna having that seemingly small detail of denying colonial me "
"magrereview nga ko sa filipino para kahit yun man lang mapasa ko "
" You Filipino?"
"Definitely one of the best Filipino horror films I have watched so far!  Those jump scares though.  #Eerie"
"Filipino workers are the cutest"
"bibili ulit akong bagong ballpen punyeta kase filipino + science noh, 80 + 75 = 155 lahat shinade kooOoOo"
"I didn realize how similar Filipino and black culture was. All the way down to fake Aunts and cousins."
" Dalagang filipino "
"4) Shangri-La Finest Chinese Cuisine (West Triangle) Filipino Chinese Tycoons and their families.) Makati Superm "
"Meet John Yoyogi Fortes, in residence at  through May 3. A Filipino-American artist based in Sacramento, h "
" YEA they call me ate! HEHE the filipino side is like more dominant bc i was raised around my filipino r "
"Happy Opening Day! Springtime is here. Baseball  season is upon us. Be a T-Pal &amp; pick up one of our TFAL CITY SHI "
"Arguing about the students good manners, proper etiquette and other aspects needed to be an effective filipino citi "
" : Ganito Kami Noon, Paano Kayo Ngayon? (1976)- S T U N N I N G historical film, tackles salient issues like the formation of F"
"  Same here. People always guess that I either Indonesian or Malaysian but some also say t "
" : help filipino carepnters meet their idol!! the hashtags #SaveSingularTourManila #SaveSingularTourMNL"
"ang mayaman sa amin papa ko at yung kapatid ng lolo ko. pero ang totoo half germany "
" Bwahahaha every filipino parents can relate"
"Your girl is not into relationships now but these filipino movies make her want to have one."
" He prob live with his mama and got a Filipino girlfriend "
" : Also, there's some internalised racism/colonial mentality in the notion that Darna needs to be white and tall because she"
"Tas ang arte nito, mas maarte pa sakin, tagal pa kumain dalagang Filipino to eh HAHAHAHAHAHAHA! I love you always Noldy"
" : Spending the last hour as a 23 y/o researching Filipino-American Catholicism. I'm silently noting that beautiful stuff has be"
"Wala Naman unta ko naningkamot Kay lagi naay line of seven sad Filipino Salamat kaayu Lord"
"help filipino carepnters meet their idol!! the hashtags #SaveSingularTourManila #SaveSingularTourMNL"
"Final realization; eh kung inayos ko pag-aaral ko kung gr9 edi sana ayos din grades ko. wala sana akong 80 sa eng "
" For a Filipino horrir film, papasa naman."
"favorite filipino mutual? at least top 3  , ,  "
"  At the end of the day, darna cant fight eurocentrism. But for all we know if the material i "
" : HELLO GOOD MORNING HAPPY #OPENINGDAY! "
" : it TAILGATE SZN. #RingTheBell "
" : Z-Girls introducing theirselves in Filipino language!  So cuuuuute  "
" We call it taglish combination of english and tagalog/filipino words."
"unpopular opinion: mas lit ang filipino hip-hop than international, support local "
"#MyPhBoy ctto  Kurt. ://t.co/LoTQU4tYDH my accounts ig/tw  fb/yt  "
"#CitizenServices is the Filipino access to diverse information on civil registration, passport application, and o "
" oo!!! I really can't imagine u shouting in Filipino. HAHAHAHAHA"
"Kick, Push a Filipino classic"
"Filipino Networks like putting spray tans on fair skinned actors for roles meant for kayumanggi/darker skinned Fili "
"Nakakatabaaa ng pusooo yung may nahingi ng tulong sayo kung paano daw mag Sisa kase may nakalagay sa Filipino Dept. "
"Filipino Characters in Anime &amp; Cartoons (Part 2) "
"Sahaya is like a filipino version of moana, but in modern times :v"
"Politicians should not exploit sensitive national issues such as these if they are not backed by a solid foundatio "
" Line of 9 na ko sa 7 subjects tapos 88 lang ako rws tapos tinry ko hulaan yung filipino tapos pag "
"Filipino domestic worker in Hong Kong fired after cancer diagnosis "
"  Yes maybe  would be nice. We never know its not shown yet. anjanette abayari was dar "
"WHO ARE WE? Realty &amp; Filipino Homes is the country's fastest growing brand in real estate service owned a "
"A Tesla, I forgot to say, that is cleaned twice a day (without need) by a hardworking filipino maid. The whole bloo "
"i never forget that filipino prisoner flashmob of suju sorry sorry"
" : Sometimes I really miss working with Britannica editors because they really do find cool history nuggets. It shouldn sur"
"1. Influencer used Filipino in all the replies because English doesn't capture the feeling. Anyway, translations "
" : Camangyan, Angelica Mae Aviso and Social Sciences  With High Honor Best in Filipino Best in Immers"
"Only 21 years old. ^_^ Una daw niyang naisip na magpalaki ng katawan nang yayain siya noon ng isang kaklase na mano "
"Is this a Filipino comeback?"
"Sirrr mo sugot raka ug Filipino themed and TOC this year? Hehehehe  Nya ang pagkaon kay bilo, masi, puto, sikwati "
"Frankly speaking,...not differ from Filipino govnmt exporting women housekeeping career to ASEAN regional households ...."
" filipino tlist if you dont get the joke are you really filipino"
"The greatest enemy of the Philippines the filipino people itself."
" : I worried about some of you "
"I wanna learn Baybayin, Filipino, Tagalog, French and Spaniiiiish"
"toxic filipino culture: you're a Dilawan if you're against Duterte. you're a DDS if u're against the Aquinos. "
"Chef AC Boral is doing this neat fundraiser Saturday for striking Filipino workers, inspired by Long Beach journali "
" : K-pop superstars #BTS took America by storm in 2018. Now they ready for a victory lap. Here your exclusive look inside their w"
" Bayet tabangi sa ko sa filipino HAHAHAHHA"
" Filipino May, ako po si Park Jihoon"
" Toxic Filipino Culture: it is about the food not the celebration"
"Sarap marinig sa plane ng ! Thankyou for being with us... Airlines, the Heart of the Filipino "
"Isang binatang filipino yeh    "
"94/100 si bby sa Filipino test namo :3 so proud sana ako din :(("
" Just to be clear di ako 'yung nasa pic hahaha baka magtaka ka kung bakit ako nagtatagalog e di mukang filipino nasa pic "
"taught my french seatmate filipino grammar. can i get 5 Filipino Points"
"Gotta see more Filipino animated films like taena andaming magagaling artists sa Pilipinas na di lang makapagproduc "
"Hellooo. Sino may alam na book about Filipino words/etymologies/meanings/facts ganern? Not really needed pero ang g "
"Kimono shoot with Rapunzel! Her kimono outfit was based on baro saya, traditional Filipino clothing. More photos "
"Super mamimiss ko filipino teacher namin huhu :(("
"Here we can see the toxic filipino parent in its natural habitat. Their greatest weakness? Admitting they wrong "
"there are prolly a lot of Filipino actors/actresses that are talented but it isn't evident because of the films tha "
"aba oh teacher namin sa Filipino nag wave sa ate ko  "
"#Boxing #Legend #Filipino "
"filipino boys r the worst its science"
"Filipino men have tiny dicks that go-go dancers at n/e/cta/r literally have to put something in their underwear pa "
"friendly reminder that according to a filipino myth, the makahiya came to be when a girl was punished for having so "
" filo wiz*ones just find the name funny bc it's like a name from eons ago, also she's a character i "
"  And you're saying that coz you're filipino????"
"me: locals' rts: "
"these senatorial candidates are really stupid to think fsl(?) in the bottom corner of their  television campaign ad "
" : 4 sisters and a wedding the best Filipino movie that represents Filipino Family"
"Why do I feel that Sahaya is a filipino version ng Moana. Wala lang, just my opinion. It does not reflect the opinion of others."
" : I love that Filipino movies could end with a happy endings. Wish we could have the same..."
"Julie Anne Martinez, from , pays respect to her #Filipino heritage through transforming Scotch egg into str "
"Filipino American college students. "
"elo peeps, im a newbie to filipino hiphop or kung anong genre ba itu chenes chz idk hahahaha so  made me "
"May potential pa pala Filipino Hiphop"
" : Out of Love video coming soon "
"kung hindi ka na Filipino at may karapatan kang mamili ng ibang lahi anong pipiliin mo?  australian. masarap daw s "
"toxic filipino culture:  if you graduated as valedictorian during your high school you should also be a dean "
" : thesis sa filipino at english rewrite at defense pa, cheerdance sa mapeh sa friday, presentation sa esp sa monday GRAD"
" : the galaxy lamp from "
" I dare u to play Ang Ospital, its a Filipino Horror game.. maybe put  and  oh. "
"imagine being full filipino and not able to understand tagalog. I SADLY CAN RELATE "
"#PaanoKayaKung Filipino culture nowadays wasn't born? Maybe until now, there was no people who easily judged by others."
"toxic filipino culture !!!"
"  I do admire how proud you are to be Filipino and that you are a good parent teaching yo "
""
"young filipino moms: "
"Hacker (2yeon fanfiction) on #Wattpad "
"idk why ppl have a mindset na filipino films are too cheesy compared to the ones in hollywood, i mean, wake the h "
"The TNT Boys will be holding their first international concert tour this April. the Filipino boy band tomorr "
"I need to see Mocha Uson slapped by an atheist and fuck those bitches who says 'pAnG HaLiWuD UnG MoViE' like dafuq? "
"Don't compare Filipino films sa hollywood films. Kung tutuusin ang daming underrated na movies sa atin ang hirap ka "
"Savor the best of Filipino food! Happening soon in New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Virginia, and Washington DC. "
"He screenshot and reposted this. This is all he wants + drunken karaoke, because we're Filipino. may possible h "
"Nung nagtetest ako sa filipino may nakita ako.'Ang taong nasusugatan lalong tumatapang.'"
"excoited sa filipino 101 sa ets "
"  Kuya nman marunong k mg English Englishan m nlng c fumi den he will answer u in filipino"
"Bagel lady: Are you Korean or Filipino?: uh, neither, i'm Chinese lady: ohhhh because you look like you ha "
" Wala ba talagang Filipino ang adultery lol. 'Di ba pwede pangagaliwa sa asawa o pangangalunya?"
"Filipino thesis, Final exams and quizzes nalang! Lord, more gawain pero with catherine pa den "
"QUEEN   The first ever filipino to have a wax figure for Madame Tussauds!  Congratulations P! "
"A Filipino woman who sheltered Edward J. Snowden, the former National  Security Agency contractor, when he fled to "
"Staple order na yata ang crsipy pata at fried chicken in every filipino family restaurant gathering."
"tAKTENG LL AT FILIPINO YAN &gt;:("
" Sophia is a brilliant ideaaa!!! show that Filipino pride!!!"
" are you from?   Philippines  , so you a Philipeenees?  , it Filipino-    wait.. "
" :  This is part of our country and these people are OUR COUNTRYMEN! No Filipino  deserves such fate. "
"Allllll my friends up here are literally foreigners! NYC homegirls are Jamaican and Haitian, my man is Jamaican. An "
" Filipino's doesn't know compliment."
"Hala nakalimot ko bagsak man diay kos filipino"
" Filipino? Wow, that's my language.."
" ashley - sept 10 - jicheol - filipino "
"My timeline is full of languages I don understand... Brazilian Portuguese, Filipino, Bahasa, and Malay. We love a "
"  Luuuuuhhh Filipino, Math at PE majors kasama. English ka baga HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA"
"  advance reading sa math arts na project filipino reviewer (printed) "
" : TRIVIA: na oxygen yung nalalanghap natin kundi toxic filipino culture na"
" : *accidentally translate facebook into filipino language: what the heck am I reading?"
" i mean... it not my fault i tall on filipino standards (and how u fall short)  thank u twiiin !! "
" : Qt na filipino yeah  #NewProfilePic "
" : proud to be filipino "
" : Come to Komiket South, and go crazy on Filipino komiks and affordable art! May 25-26, 2019, Saturday &amp; Sunday. Open during M"
"proud to be filipino "
" Welcome to the Filipino community!"
"  Helllloooo!! Filipino din akoo!!"
"Lastly di ko malilimutan ang nag iisang adviser namin na di lang naging isang Filipino teacher sa amin, naging nana "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
" Movie HD? Hehe kaso walang Filipino movies :&lt;"
"feel na feel ko speech sa filipino,  parang subsob kung magaral amputa hahahahaha"
"Got complete notes for Filipino but don understand a thing I wrote sadreaccs"
"  She a filipino superhero"
" films are such a need about filipino history should be noticed, dont make em sink "
" : Happy Happy Birthday Tatay Digong! May our lord give you more strength and many more years of healthy life...the filipino p"
" Tama yon. Matalino si Wonuq sa Filipino."
" Sharing this article in The Manila Times online today. "
"  It's hard to say what a real Filipino could look like due to our diversity, but it woul "
"Filipino Horror Films are actually kinda good, they mostly end badly which makes me angry, but still good "
"guess u havent seen filipino entertainment yet "
"Am gonna rant this whilst reviewing for my Filipino hehehe#skl"
"- so mingyu did what every filipino would do in times of need: go abroad- it was the only option he could think o "
"so me and my strandmates were watching nephew's tv earlier and i loved it and then suddenly thought of a prompt??? "
"no words. speechless. what. a. movie. world-fucking class. take a glimpse of leveled-up Filipino action scenes. wha "
"tapos na din sa filipino hahahahaha"
"Kayang makipagsabayan ng mga Filipino Movies sa mga VFX ng mga Hollywood Movies kung pagbibigyan ang ibang VFX arti "
" yass para sa akin cinematography and plot pero lamang talaga compared sa mga ibang filipino horror moviess!!"
" Dear President, for your birthday, I wish that you become surrounded by people who truly wish to be "
"Puro pagpapakilig na lang !! Please bring back the old filipino film na more of action and comedy na true to life s "
" We love you bts,bts is my happiness,bts is my life,Filipino Fan is here,BTS IS THE BEST"
"Filipino paddlers from Manila, Dumaguete and Cagayan de Oro are now in Bangkok, Thailand for the first ever King's "
"so what should i do to have penelope back bc LET ME TELL U BEING A FILIPINO FAN ISNT EASY OK??  no matter how muc "
"No one: no one: guys: yeah you right, I should play someone huh"
" Maybe u can try Filipino 101 with your friends! "
" City: Filipino video game aims to connect players with local mythology "
"When you spell ONA backwards, you are asking in Filipino lol"
" 1.mary frances but i prefer to be called mae.i have 2 piercings.i love bts.yesterday becau "
"Thank you Filipino area  "
"#Eerie is one of the, if not the, best Filipino horror film in the past decade. Gorgeous  cinematography. Powerful "
" : baka naman may balak magkita kita ang R02 elem radio broad filipino year 2015 (?)!!!!"
"Grabe  was my first filipino horror na nakashget ko ug taman... galing ng director at ne BEA,CHARO SANTOS and JAKE #Eerie"
"One of my fave Filipino films!!! rewatch  "
" : Theo Philo chocolates with iconically Filipino flavor notes featured here. "
"You said bringing a girl home to your mum was so meaningful, at this stage every Filipino girl has come to your hou "
"The Comprehensive Field Guide to Filipino Bread #Esquiremag.ph via "
"ulitawong filipino yeh! "
" It Filipino."
"Filipino teacher taught me everything "
"Camangyan, Angelica Mae Aviso and Social Sciences  With High Honor Best in Filipino Best in Im "
"Success  major "
"LOCATION of Objects in Tagalog (Filipino) | Tagalog For Kids "
"Erm... Hun... You don even got dates for me and muh Filipino BEANZ but ya know we ready "
"mag papa-photocopy pa kong libro sa Filipino send money "
"POVEY!! WILL!! NOT!! BE!! OVER!! IF!! FILIPINO!! VOTERS!! WILL!! CONTINUE!! TO!! PRACTICE!! AND!! COMMIT!! VOTE!! BUYING!!!!!!!"
" I love bts so much,bts is my happiness,bts is my life,Filipino Fan is here,We love you bts"
"baka naman may balak magkita kita ang R02 elem radio broad filipino year 2015 (?)!!!!"
"Ano oras grad ball  4:00 talaga pero syempre filipino time kaya 5:00 pm anon hahaha  "
"Z-Girls introducing theirselves in Filipino language!  So cuuuuute  "
"Baka di pa mapirmahan yung clearance sa Filipino"
"Precious Lara Quigaman (Filipino actress) : Taguig, Philippines of birth: 1983-01-03: La Con "
"Starting Over Again will always be that pinakasakit na filipino movie na makapahilak nakog grabe. Ngano jud ning watch ko karun?"
"Filipino Breadwinners rock! It's fulfilling but of course, they have the tendency to have Breadwinner Blues and h "
" Yep  of the Filipino words are long and it's usually a hassle to explain anything quickly. Especial "
"sa pehm okay naman siguro ang singing contests at sack race na sinalihan ko. sa filipino, uhm, nangangarap po ako m "
"As a Filipino, I gotta agree. I appreciate some aspects of the culture that Spain/Church brought but I also find so "
"Filipino nalamg jud ugma."
"Getting ready for Dubai"
"  You are drawing the margin larger when you start saying being white is being less of being "
"I'm deeply inlove w this princess, .'s the Filipino version of James Charles. "
"Ang dalaga challenge ng filipino club at naming girls ang bumuo ng araw ko HAHAHAHAHHA "
"my aunt brought up my unemployment and then she's now making me go to this special church or whatever to pray for a "
"  has hilarious stories about his Filipino mother using Vick's Vapo Rub for absolutely everyth "
" : I AM GROOT! Awesome artwork by ! Filipino artists rocks!#GUHITPinas #GP #GPDigitalArtists #digitalart #digital"
" tapos teach them those filipino curses xddd charls"
"Di ko inexpect talaga bwisiiit na filipino yan"
" Filipino subject in your school hahahaha"
"Me: spring break na woo: you have notes to do,: sPrInG bReAk Na WoO: and your portfolios,: spri "
" a moment of weakness  never again  because I am Filipino "
"   Precisely!!  Agree here. They post it not to greet the president but to humiliat "
" Alex you and Zach  so cute together!.s sorry is my english is bad I'm a filipino and I'm from Phil "
" Filipino b sia?"
"bc when choosing we have to ask ourselves: if I vote for this person will the quality of life of the Filipino peopl "
"Prayers for the birthday of a president critical of the church: Magdalo Party-list Rep. Gary Alejano, a staunch cri "
" pharmaceutical filipino THE BEST HAHAHAHAHAHHAAHAHAHHAAHAHHA"
" : The Bureau of Immigration (BI) on Wednesday warned would-be overseas Filipino workers (OFWs) anew to be wary illegal recruit"
"help me decide , whats a better name for a magazine/publication that focuses on the intersections of filipino food culture and class :-)"
"everyday my filipino friends (gladys and co.) think about the possibility of got7 coming to the philippines and end "
"If I don't remember you, it's not you, my brain slots for remembering people are mostly taken by my gigantic Filipi "
" Binatang filipino"
"So ayun nga no umakting muna ako ng Sisa bago nakapasok sa faculty ng Filipino teachers wtf hiyang hiya ako"
"DI KO INEXPECT YANG FILIPINO NA YAN!. NAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAINIS AMP. BABA MAGBIGAY EH."
" :   YES! FILIPINO CARPENTERS UNITE  #SaveSingularTourManila"
"Putang ina humahabol ako sa honor and nalaman ko na lahat ng grades so sa almost every subj except filipino tapos m "
"Para sa clearance gg filipino"
" : it really official huh. we tried to save this show but its officiallt cancelled. thank you to everyone who tweeted #Sa"
"I am a Filipino yeah by Carlos Romulo GRADE 10 YEAAAAAAAH"
"sino ba mga kagrupo ko sa filipino putcha"
" That's what almost every Filipino family would say! HAHAHA!"
"Tuwing naririnig ko yung kantang 'angel with a shotgun' naaalala ko yung ginawa kong filipino version nun noong grade 7 pa kami hahaha"
" Filipino research Exhibit precal math English research "
"Otso Diretso bet  criticized the government for failing to act on the harassment of Filipino fishermen i "
" isang dalanga filipino"
"I'm a pure blooded filipino po, di ko half  samoka ani nila"
"When the Filipino and Albanian kids fight at school. "
"Mga gamit sa filipino was referring to the saknong 90 of Florante and Laura"
" Heneral Luna at Goyo talaga. It brought me back to my Filipino roots. Ang galing ng pagkakagawa."
"Qt na filipino yeah  #NewProfilePic "
"me but i truly dont know how to translate being funny in english. i knw im funny in filipino but english??????? dam "
"we all have this one relative in facebook who homophobic and shares filipino normie memes about hating kpop in ge "
"  We have lived with chinese, spanish, americans, japanese, etc in our own land does this mea "
" : It was mainly the United States' casualty-avoidance policy that resulted in indiscriminate application of overwhelming fir"
"damn, filipino culture "
"Me: Ma congrats! Your apo got a GA of 96! His highest is English with 99 and his lowest is Filipino with 92! "
"bisaya, tagalog, all filipino languages, all equally rooted in the same filipino culture. it's just that in "
"filipino or english  or "
"toxic filipino culture: pati problema ng ibang pamilya pinoproblema nila"
"Ipa 75 ko nlng grades ko sa filipino"
"49/50 in filipino debate woot woot "
" : If  did Level Up Project in the Philippines:-Irene haggling in Filipino and saying  to everyone-[Yeri"
"SHET YUNG DUGO KO KANINA SA DEBATE NG FILIPINO GUSTO KO PAAAAAA   really am fluent in filipino basta pressured ako or inspired "
"ano filipino word for nose? nalingaw akoooo help hahahaha"
"For 65 years, ABS-CBN has touched the lives of every Filipino through their stories and their characters. Watch how "
"to the one/s who messed up and sabotaged our filipino pt: fuck you from the bottom of my heart."
" : Toxic Filipino mindset: ang iba,  lang ."
"Miriam Quiambao (Filipino inspirational speaker) : Quezon City, Philippines of birth: 1975-05-20 "
"it felt goot to hear that i'm beautiful from somebody for once, sighs. i cleaned my roon yesterday, its really, rea "
" faith - sept 25 - wonu - filipino!! "
" : Toxic Filipino Culture is when they judge you without knowing each others side and without knowing the whole story."
"huhu may filipino pala bukas "
" Also The Sun &amp; 13 Cantons in Soho has an excellent dining room in the back with rotating guest che "
" : What do you call a Filipino kid at your door?"
" : toxic filipino culture is when they judge what they see even though they don know what behind the curtain"
"nasa bsu kanina si imee and tita and i were stopping ourselves from asking her where her damn degrees were and from "
" : Whatever it takes. #AvengersEndgame "
"Theo Philo chocolates with iconically Filipino flavor notes featured here. "
"Chef Daryl has been working his magic treating us all to a special Filipino lunch. "
"May mga Filipino movies talaga na pang-entertainment lang at hindi award winning film and okay lang i-enjoy sila.  "
"Bago magpasukan ini-stalk ko na si Sir Chavez. Then nakita ko na siya. Dalawa FB acc. Niya ih. Tapos binuksan ko yu "
" angela ; may 26 ; seungcheol ; filipino "
"JOBS IN KUWAIT***************** available in Kuwait://t.co/AD01cEgv7L *****************        HIRIN "
"JOBS IN KUWAIT***************** Jobs in Kuwait://t.co/Y0156xeRaB *****************        Ring hi "
"keep soaring high and always be palaban! thank you Lord   High Honor in Filipino in Journalism "
"Now there a reason to visit Hong Kong again and Madame Tussauds wax museum. Pia is first-ever Filipino to be  "
" HELLO FILIPINO AMERICAN FOODS!!!"
"Kaya Hindi umuunlad pilipinas dahil sa mga gagong binabash Ang mga bisaya and other Filipino languages .. kala yata "
"a queen who doesn't know she is one.#Queen #SarahGeronimo #SarahG #Sarah #PopstarPrincess #PopstarRoyalty "
" : - Speaking english is the basis of intelligence- Drinking starbucks is the basis of being rich- Being fair and white is"
"Found this while checking other vids on YT while streaming  PERSONA. This duet is everything!!! And Jej is "
"Hell week in school has started, and the amount of work that we have to do is fucking ridiculous. Class has to pr "
"Mensaje del ej filipino a los j filipinos: No os dej engatusar por las bonitas palabras de los rojo "
"Gloria Diaz (Filipino actress) : Aringay, Philippines of birth: ://t.co/EC6Y3ZVTAJ "
"FILIPINO INDIE MOVIES SHOULD BE WATCHED BY EVERY FILIPINO "
"b*ka b*kas didn live up to the hype and i still waiting on a quality filipino-made wlw film to this day "
"While the Spaniards almost killed the Filipinos by maltreatment, the Americans, on the other hand, almost smothere "
"A wise philosopher once said...Im not racist, im Filipino connection? LOL"
"   magugulo ang Filipino-Chinese Community!#TGDKonektado ang aming mga "
"dalagang filipino yeah"
"Ang Larawan is one of the best Filipino Films of all Time SOUNDTRACK IS EVERYTHING "
"Filipino Picadillo Recipe by #PinoyRecipeAtIbaPa://t.co/Cvmm7c7CLc.#FilipinoRecipes #PinoyRecipes "
"toxic filipino culture? yung kinorek mo lang naman siya pero siya pa 'tong galit. hALA SIGE POTANGINAMO BAHALAKAJAN."
" : Assignment for 3-29-19: presentation: magaral para sa tauhan ng florante at laura:discussion(?)"
" Sharing Your Opinion in Filipino! : Learn Filipino with the best FREE online resources, just click here: "
" Isang binatang filipino ye HAHAHAHAH"
"Female Chinese Purchase Manager and Filipino Junior Accountant (Dubai) ://t.co/SQPnBjgvMz"
"This is where high fashion and thematic bridal gowns meet. "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
" : my parents drag me every other week. don have Filipino parents guys "
"Assignment for 3-29-19: presentation: magaral para sa tauhan ng florante at laura:discuss "
" :  V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
" : Sawasdee kha. I am Nesh Tubil. I am a Filipino who currently lives in Thailand. Writing has been my outlet for expressin"
"Teka napansin ko lang parang didigma yun emoji ng filipino flag  baliktad"
"Pagnagbabasa nalang talaga ako about Filipino politics, natatawa ako. The stress D/ut/er/te is giving. Mapapa-putan "
"  I,   Filipino American thank you for your genuine love serving o "
"Duterte seen to raise Filipino fishers harassment in China visit - Palace "
"someone complained that filipinos tend to start their sentences in english then end them in filipino i'm so sorry g "
"ADTOS MOGS ALAS8 MAGPA PERMA SA ESP UG FILIPINO TAPOS ULI DINAKO MO APIL SA FAREWELL HAHA"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"okay full stop. Stop sending  any hate for his goddarn laundry. Filipino moms be like that. Hell my mot "
"because some Filipino dont know how to do some work -Chinese.  niyo yun, imbes na mga Pilipino ang kumit "
"Such a shame that darna get these cool designs that really showcase her being filipino but they get rejected becaus "
" ready for the #samahan #annualshow #filipino #folkdance #samahan #photoshoot #headshots "
" : *umiyak si Rijs dahil hindi natatakan clearance sa Filipino*: Ok ka pang Rijs baket ka umiiyak *comforts Rijs**Lockdo"
"One of the Best New Filipino Actors of our generation is officially back. Meet again Mr. Christian Bables (right si "
" : Filipino period films need more love. And they need to branch out more from biopics of famous historical figures (as much as"
"what it's like to have filipino friend? check this out ://t.co/z85TLDCMbg"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"there's nothing wrong with chinese people working here. the problem is prioritizing them over filipino workers. als "
"In 'It's Almost 5am &amp; Still Can't Sleep bc My Apartment is Being Renovated' news, I wrote a country in my 5e Pbp ga "
"When I was in Grade 4, I dreamt of being a scientist. It changed, however, as I entered high school. Since then, wh "
" : tom hiddleston: loki dead  russos: loki dead : loki dead : loki dead  fans: loki has four le"
"I love that Filipino movies could end with a happy endings. Wish we could have the same..."
" hi unsay subject ninyo? ah filipino? kami ga math pa"
"PSHS CARC-Beryllium Friday Schedule Time Time Time Sci"
"just a normal filipino store "
"pota diko alam uunahin ko kung thesis ba sa filipino o yung research"
"pahingi ng filipino monbebe moots "
"Filipino movies are great and also we have great actors in the Philippines. "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"        "
"hi sa mga nagulat dahil sa ntbks nila sa filipino , biglang wala eh HAHAHAHA TAENA SAYANG EFFO SA FLORANTE AT LAURA RAWR HAHAHA"
"The Bureau of Immigration (BI) on Wednesday warned would-be overseas Filipino workers (OFWs) anew to be wary illega "
"Old Filipino movies are good, yall just arent brave enough "
" I gonna be the first famous Filipino golfer just watch"
"nanganganib pa grade ko sa filipino"
"*umiyak si Rijs dahil hindi natatakan clearance sa Filipino*: Ok ka pang Rijs baket ka umiiyak *comforts Rijs** "
" : my filipino mutuals deserve to be able to see sabrina, hug sabrina, talk to sabrina, grow with sabrina, and have been sup"
" : posting/sharing a viral film review does not validate your self as a good critic of Filipino films pwedeng  na"
" we aren mutuals, but i love to be ; nov. 6, 2003; jihan; half filipino half caucasian"
"Many Filipino films are gaining recognition internationally, however, the commercial condition in the Philippine ma "
"laing is god-tier filipino dish"
"It was mainly the United States' casualty-avoidance policy that resulted in indiscriminate application of overwhel "
"Thank you lord nakapag moving-up ako. Mga medals: W/ highest honors, best in math &amp; science, best in com-sci, be "
"Huwow!  thank you Definitely Filipino   "
"That Thing Called Tadhana perpetuated style over substance in Filipino cinema.  A e s t h e t i c  means nothing if "
"One of my biggest fears is that my future patients will make fun of me because i cant speak filipino without an acc "
" : [FUMIYAM kulitan with Kuya]: Ohh you're here! Uhm, I'm sorry, lechon is good (LANGHIYAAAA HAHAHAAHA)  reasons:"
" : SOME OF THE KNK PHILIPPINES ADMINS STAED SWERVING LANES FOR SB19 (a filipino boygroup) BC THEY WERE WITH HEESEONG ON"
" : eerie : not ur typical filipino horror movie !!"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"pirang lessons ang na missed out mi duman para lang magreview. Si aldaw katong si mapeh na naglesson kang ieerexam "
" Hahaha paula cannot do it in straight filipino. pwede daw ba conyo? "
" : Got four more #AvengersEndgame duo posters ready to go (this time with watermarks) and I've got one more set planned. Glad"
" : had an idea for how to pair up #AvengersEndgame posters and make them hurt EVEN MORE! you're welcome ;v #AvengeTheFallen h"
"Its been so long since i got hook with filipino teleserye but now im really in to kadenang ginto  gigil ako kay ma "
" filipino writers, too, could never. charot."
" :   if u want to be in a filipino gc (any fandom, idc ab ur age) if this flops, di na kayo sarang ng mga op"
"pati sa ano, filipino time haysssssss"
" That's so nice of you helping a friend out! , mag-tagalog ka nalang kaya? Hahaha. Btw, have you "
"why do you always put portuguese and spanish? when you're a pure filipino   est tan seguro de que soy filip "
" : FOUR SISTERS AND A WEDDING IS THE GOD-TIER MAINSTREAM FILIPINO MOVIE. than that, indie films pa rin! pls support in"
" City: Filipino video game aims to connect players with local mythology "
"Filipino comedy movies are way better before ! Movies of Babalu, Vic Sotto, Maricel Soriano, Vhong Navarro, Aiai De "
" : Some of you are fine as fuck and don even know it. I, who speaks from the ugly brethren can confirm you look fine as fuck"
"Just watched a Filipino RomCom wtf. Liked it"
" char HAAAAHHAHA unta in ana ka gwapa si filipino boy oy"
" : Some of the Christensen/Manila criticisms is mad racist and sexist  we can talk about someone being a dud MP without throw"
"The activity during Filipino though "
"Our question to Mr. Panelo is, whose side is the Duterte government on? Because we don feel any sympathy or conce "
" ngayon ko lang na realize na filipino deity ren pala ko,, thx for the help"
"+ best in math, best in AP, at best in filipino"
" Ay Filipino na lang tayo"
"So ayun same same kami grade sa filipino kaya ginapagpilian kung sino ang mag best in filipino kaya gipagawa kami s "
"The fisherfolk group claimed that not only is the administration  a blind-eye on the harassment being done "
" : Unpopular fact: A Filipino language does not exist. fact: No language on earth is pure, and no language gets"
":hey, what ur nationality?:i filipino:awe u so mad cute SOMEONE CALLED ME MAD CUTE OMG LOL"
"Nice "
" the one who first discovered this might be a Spanish or Filipino"
"The New People's Army (NPA) (Filipino: Bagong Hukbong Bayan) is the armed wing of the Communist Party of the Philip "
" : MULTILINGUAL KING! Park Jihoon () introduces himself in different languages, including Filipino! https:/"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"Capping off the mini vacay from the office with a Filipino romcom movie. Back to reality tomorrow "
"Onion potato parmasan served with cordon bleu, stir fry basmatti rice and Filipino chicken Adobo went down yesterda "
"di jud btaw ko makabantay if naa koy nagamit nga Filipino word in a Bisaya sentence"
" aY SuPporTer AkO ng FILiPiNO rAP gaME"
"Retweeted CONCEPT (ConceptGrp): tribunephl: SEEING DOUBLE Pia Wurtzbach unveiled her wax figure today at the SM "
"Bachelor of Tourism Management IV A - Mga Binata Dalagang Filipino  #gradwaiting "
"Miss Universe 2015 Pia Wurtzbach is first Filipino wax  figure in Madame Tussauds Hong Kong#Madame #madametussauds "
"Binatang Filipino yea #tbt "
" Yeah  . I can understand Filipino "
"Filipino youth can make agriculture  sexy "
"Coverage of the dinner by Manila Bulletin. "
"al james and because are the best underground filipino artists i rest my case"
"Feel ne feel mo na yung bakasyon tapos naalala mo di ka pa pala nakakamidterm sa Filipino"
"Philippines is too busy fighting itself. Kung maguba na ang kalibutan sure ko iwit ni maguba ang pilipinas kay fili "
"AFP verifying reports on Chinese harassing Filipino fishermen in Panatag - Inquirer Globalnation "
"Case vs Chinese president can spur Filipino resistance - "
"Palace hit for downplaying Chinese 'harassment' of Filipino fishermen - "
"San na ung binatang filipino ng aports mo? Ugh kyuti pa namaan nila lalo na si lorenz at gheony kaso may bibi na  "
"The thrill, the mystery, plot twist and the cinematography? Ang galing!  This movie definitely set a high standar "
"Emedia Flash! Este ya! DEL MAGA PRIORIDAD AHORA DEL CANDIDATO PARA SENADOR JUAN PONCE ENRILE SI POR EHEMPLO AY "
"Speaking of poems, all the poems I've written for Young K is in Filipino. I'm in too deep."
"Alright. Let's get it on. We're ready for the pilot episode of VOICE OF THE YOUTH RADIO Nationwide on March 30. 11A "
"Kiko sobre la prueba de los pa:- No sabemos na (de algunos pa) ti te dicen Filipinas y dise lo filipino "
"Btw are u filipino? ^^  yup!! :D "
"In partnership with Lenox Hotel Dagupan we can now deliver your favorite dimsum, chinese and filipino food right at "
" i was just scrolling thru my tl and i saw a filipino phrase so i was reminded of this phrase and so i "
"Assassin. Asawa. Ina. Simula na ng paghihiganti ni MARIA. the latest Filipino action film, starring Cristine "
" Wowwwwww I think you just became my second favorite Filipino."
"Favorite Filipino food?  Adobo!  "
" expression lang naman po yun e, besides, thousands of people are leaving comments and super low ng cha "
" 8 mamshie may filipino pa"
"In the middle of the conversation he asked me about my nationality.: Are you Filipino?: Yeah.: Pu "
"PANUORIN | Ano kaya ang gusto ng mga bata sa isang kandidato? Alamin ang Filipino Children's Agenda sa ika-10 serye "
"Luoya uy :( sorry kay toxic filipino culture jud ta."
"Lauren Young (American-Filipino actress) : Alexandria, Virginia, United States of birth: 1993-11-08 "
" : Authentic Filipino Chicken Adobo #cookingideas "
" :  , we're looking for filipino rp handlers for a seventeen rp group that we're creating. Please dm "
"Napaka-lawak na ng lineup ng Filipino Hiphop and yet mga pilipino lang talaga ang nagiging problema dito "
"Madame Tussauds Hong Kong is launching Pia Wurtzbach as the first ever Filipino to have a wax figure "
"JK Rowling reveals that you have to know you are Filipino and don't forget it.. Pretty sure Francisco Manosa "
"Still can't decide on how to spend your #weekend? Why not click below and attend a #FREE workshop by the Filipino I "
" Ibang klase ka talaga Speaker Arroyo, I'm so proud to be a Filipino because we have you, showing well the q "
" madami nanaman akong mapapanood na mga filipino movies sa netflix. #YazzYouCan"
"Have u seen Ded na si Lolo?? Maganda rin yun kasi iba yung atake ng film and about siya sa Filipino Culture like "
"SEEING DOUBLE Wurtzbach unveiled her wax figure today at the SM Mega Fashion Hall where the #PiaMadeIconic Tra "
" :  Hello  Kindly react to a Filipino girl group 4th Power/4th Impact Raise the roof with Jessie J hit Auditions"
"   Indonesians, Vietnamese &amp; Indians are also diligent &amp; hardworking. Most of "
"Dapat panoorin ng mga kandidato yung Heneral Luna and Goyo just to remind them of what they should be fighting for "
"kapoyag himo sa filipino oyyyy"
"Filipino at science problema ko ehhh."
" hey girls just want let you know that Filipino mixers loves you and always will we miss you!!"
"Parang nabaliktad ang pangyayari. Science yung madali, Filipino ang...tangina "
" :  Hi Claudia  react to 4 Filipino girl group 4th Power/4th Impact Raise the roof(Jessie J hit) htt"
" :  Hello Coach react and analyze to a Filipino girl group sings The Greatest Showman - Never Enough |"
" :  Hi guys Can you please try reacting to a Filipino girl group 4th Power/4th Impact Raise the roof with"
" : Under President Rodrigo Duterte's Administration, take home pays have increased through tax reform program; every Filipino is"
"ang natutunan ko lang sa filipino ay nanay ni ibarra si maria clara"
"really did NOT listen and now another filipino boy whos name starts with j has struck again "
"This is what the #Philippines (aka #Maharlika) looks like during the pre-colonial times. As you could see our count "
"World biggest pearl: Filipino discovers family heirloom worth P4.75 billion in "
"Must watch Filipino Films: Night/Together Thing Called Tadhana The Job Luna "
" Galing naman talaga ni SGMA, nakaka proud maging Filipino dahil sa kanya. Keep slaying Madam!"
"SEEING DOUBLE Wurtzbach unveiled her wax figure today at the SM Mega Fashion Hall where the #PiaMadeIconic Tra "
" nag comment nga si bien golecruz ng 'ms bucu' (yung teacher natin sa filipino na puti yung hair HAHAH)"
"  Lol and that Filipino people are only nice to them (foreigners) and not to each other. "
"I STILL CAN'T BELIEVE THAT I RECEIVED ALL OF THIS-Outstanding Performance in:*Arts (Media)*Filipino*English* "
"daliii ng test sa filipino naeenjoy ko kasi noli me tangere tas ang ganda pa ng nagtuturo naks "
"Translated Dan from Chinese to Filipino, then this popped out! xD HAHAHAAHAHAA luv u Dan! "
"DAKO KAAYUNG SAKA SA FILIPINO SKL"
" Roan||111603||Seungcheol &amp; Hoshiiiii||Filipino"
" Teresita Ssen Winwyn Marquez is a Filipino actress, model, dancer and beauty queen who was crowned th "
"Maggie Wilson (British-Filipino TV personality) : Bacolod, Philippines of birth: 1989-03-15: Vi "
"Tired of the usual photoshoot to cap their years in high school, students from Liceo de Cagayan University  concept "
"Mutya Johanna Datul (Filipino actress) : Santa Maria, Isabela, Philippines of birth: 1992-04-17 "
" dennice | july 29 | marupok for everyone | filipino"
"Fun filled film workshop with Sir Mikhail Red last 2 years with Globe Telecom. From BIRDSHOT movie nominated on Osc "
" City: Filipino video game aims to connect players with local mythology "
" Eh Kaemon you Filipino right *inserts  laugh"
"Haha bahala sila Filipino time kasi mga iyon e hahaha"
"Most Filipino Indie films are WAYYYYYYY better than movies na produced sa mga popular studios. "
" Hi Tom, it is distinct to the EU. A Canadian cannot move to the US, visa-free. A Filipino cannot move to Indonesia, visa-free"
"One independent video game seeks to use technology to showcase what is uniquely Filipino, particularly in the form "
"Bagsak sa Filipino. HAHAHAHAH. Lintek"
"In Filipino, komunidad gives peace and encourages us to empathize"
"So ayon nga sinusulat ng Filipino teacher ko 'yong pangalan ko imbis na Heart naging Hearth. 'Yong totoo Ma'am? HAHAHAHA"
"Filipino employee:  your name?: :  on.. Oh like lion.. Lion hahaha:  yes "
"1 year ago in filipino class i miss mc and i miss being a student  "
"hey id like to be friends with more filipino artists here!! :D i am shy but im trying........"
"Another Filipino making us proud.  "
"I'm willing to share my knowledge for a Filipino article though writing English articles is really my forte. so help me!"
"  YES! FILIPINO CARPENTERS UNITE  #SaveSingularTourManila"
"whats your nationality? I'm reaaaally curiouss  I'm proud to say that I'm a Filipino  "
"ONE Championship: A New Era press conference at Ritz Carlton in Tokyo, Japan, with Filipino Eduard Folayang vowing "
"Animated Filipino Films should be more prominent. Animated Films can either restore old media or create a new one. "
"i miss filipino foods  i wanna go home!!!"
"may Filipino bang musical, and pwede ba next year huehue"
"Hay nako Filipino Subj sana bigyan mo na kayo niyan ng mas mataas ng grade jusko ako ng gumawa ng story pati 14 pag "
" : Also, the reason why i watched the drama Fox Bride Star is because of these Filipino actors  i am just so proud#F"
"Tweet translated to Tamil, Croatian, Kiswahili, Danish, Icelandic, Spanish, Filipino, Malay, Bosnian, Samoan and ba "
"Or how Diego Llorico is only ever there to also be a punchline? And the punchline is that he's ugly or gay or both? "
"We salute all of our brave Overseas Filipino Workers (OFWs) that works hard to provide good education, to see your "
"The anxiety of wondering if my teacher was going to accept my lame ass excuse so I could stay in special Filipino a "
" : MOMOLAND opens official fan club in the Philippines.  will be inviting fans to visit MERRY-GO-ROUND IN THE PHILIPP"
" : I really like ur filipino accent, say it again?Sangkis "
" i filipino tho!! haha moved here when i was really young"
" :  are here to show the world that the Philippines is more than ready to cater to the demands of the global halal market"
"Do you guys ever think about how whenever Myka Flores only shows up on Bubble Gang to be a punchline? And the joke "
"Giatay jud ning filipino oy"
" : Pagkauwi ko I pranked my mother.Ma wala akong awards.: *sad face* Anubayan. Ok lang yan nak. guilty ako kaya"
"It just hit me that this guy I dated might be obsessed with mixed girls... I remember him asking if I was mixed but "
"saya talaga nung pinilit na sila na i-20 ung score namin kasi 19 sinabi nila sa Filipino"
"filipino traits: +2 to CON. Reaches adulthood at age 25. Alignment: usually neutral good or chaotic good. Size: Med "
"I think BLKD has slowly become my fave Filipino rapper. Been listening to his Gatilyo album for days now. Ang lalim "
"Filipino Favorites at Ombu Kusina "
"Filipino culture:* : Maaaaa, sasama ako sa swimming : Ay hindi! graduating ka kung mamatay ka donnnnnnn!!"
" It means something like how rude!/poor taste in Filipino. ()_/"
"English and Filipino right now. "
" : Ang ganda ng EERIE, may part sa movie na ipapamukha sayo na hindi lahat Diyos ang sagot. Sobrang ganda ng story, cinematography"
"eerie : not ur typical filipino horror movie !!"
" : Andr studying Filipino words. He is trying his best to learn and speak tagalog kahit nung nasa labas pa sya ng bahay. E"
"Pope John Paul I anointed the first African,Filipino and Japanese cardinals of the Vatican today in 1960 #throwback #LegalByteAfrica"
"When will Filipino children have power and agency in their society? I am in the middle of murdering an essay so "
"A filipino catholic school raised by the German nuns and priests.  does speak for itself. reflects the "
"Te han puesto fino filipino,   "
" Alim gatie enggak mawu, aque mawu dengar lagu filipino"
"I've only ever liked 5 Filipino films "
"Yung 6pm call time..tas 7pm..hahaha filipino time nga nman..hehe"
" : NOW HAPPENING: UST Filipino Martial Arts teaching our participants on the Fundamentals of Self-Defense.!! It's never"
"Making traditional Filipino veggie dish pinakbet! You can use fish or go full vegan but I added pork on mine since "
"Happy pill talaga ng Filipino Club si Brayan "
" Drop V.1*available on the streets by next week* is a locally made streetwear and lifestyle br "
" Most of the time my friends would get higher grades than me in Filipino and Chinese tests and it k "
"Evangeline Pascual (Filipino actress) : Manila, Philippines of birth: 1956-11-30 "
"Discovering and following your own interests is a rare gift in our time. lot of Filipino children are being press "
"#OPMHighlights 29 hour of PURE OPM Guestings, Live Performances! Filipino talent that w "
"I'm studying Japanese and Filipino so if you are fluent please don't be afraid to talk to me! I am only at a pre-k "
" : filipino actor na crush mo?  Miguel Tanfelix!!!! aaaaaaa "
"*updated* Filipino seafarers: Brussels executive refers to potential 'termination' of STCW recognition if inspectio "
"read through the thread of tweets !! wow a filipino made this !"
" Kuxina Fusion"
"Chickenjoy - Tanghalian - Dapat Subukan Filipino Foods#Philippines #Food #culture #foodies #foodlovers #chicken "
"maka kulba maning filipino namo oyyyyy huhuhu"
"Everytime he speaks, duterte dares true Filipino patriots to oust him, so he can die a hero in the eyes of his fana "
"Did he really just say Siargo won be as appreciated if it weren for their ig pics?? HAHA this, my friends, is w "
"Kaurat ang filipino classical music lintek"
"Waww is this the first time people seeing a half  filipino girl  Tra still she the same person w it it doesn "
"After two months, I finally told my manager I was Filipino, so she gave me extra snaxxxx after work LOL #timingiseverything"
" : Lee Kum Kee #3SecretsToLevelUpSarap of Filipino Cooking: When I was a child, my aunt used "
"Mahal na mahal ko talaga ang DonKiss. Sobrang bihira ako humanga ng Filipino artist pero nahatak talaga nila ako. ( "
"ang baba ng filipino q, nahiya aq sa mga nacheck q jxnsnjsbshshs"
"Mga classmates ko Best in Filipino, Best in ESP, etc tas ako siguro Best in ChukChak lang HAHA"
"Filipino speaking cousins are in the house.*makes a lot of noise: Pwede mga bata sa labas lang kayo maghampang? "
"i sorry but filipino commercials are so cringe"
"Exotic filipino culture?  Hospitality :(( "
"Yung english speaking cya tapos best in filipino!!!!waaaaahhhhh"
"ako si kathlyra half filipino, half niloloko."
" : New legislative members from the Dutch far-right FvD: a former bus driver, a retired Maltese knight, an air traffic contro"
"Bukas na nga makapagaral sa Filipino"
" Disco chino.."
"Perdev activity: dress who u want 2 be in your future: *teacher major in English/Filipino* naligaw lang talaga a "
" I feel bad sometimes in conversations where someone replies in Filipino when I talk in English :("
"Sakit sa ulo ng test kanina...... nyemasss lumabas sa periodical test na nireview sa Filipino... dugo utak pa sa Math... grrrr"
"TransCycle: Corsican, Serbian, Kyrgyz, Icelandic, Filipino, Myanmar (Burmese), Macedonian, Filipino, Frisian"
" I can perfectly understand when people talk to me in Filipino but for some reason I can't talk flu "
"someone really used chilimans as a nickname for blackpink, my filipino ass is cracking so hard"
"Try niyo 'yung mga classic and indie films sa Maginhawa. Rainbow's Sunset &amp; Hintayan ng Langit are on a whole new l "
" : Anne Curtis [ is a Filipino-Australian actress ] Ig story update      #AceLalisaDay #LIS"
"FILIPINO BOYS ARE COWARDS WHY CANT THEY BE LIKE DAEGANG"
"she's bi and half Australian half Filipino"
"Filipino Gods?  fia eunica altair "
" : A couple of my favorite #Searcy Eats spots are going to be featured in the upcoming season of  Main Street."
"Valerie Weigmann (Filipino actress) : Wiesbaden, Germany of birth: 1989-11-22://t.co/MB6uhrElrg "
" : There are so many Filipino writers who have written and created such beautiful works about Philippine Mythology  Neil Gaiman i"
"Clearly no filipino influencers know about superwoman or ryan higa."
" filipino ba yan"
" It's mad weird. had my filipino employee telling me that her partner gives her the n-word pass. And th "
"potaa panira filipino "
"Miss Universe 2015 PIA WUZBACH unveils her wax figure for Madame Tussaud HongKong wearing a couture Michael Cin "
"hello kasama yung world disco soup day sa official list of activities ng filipino food month, im pRESSURED"
"TransCycle: Filipino, Sinhala, Romanian, Javanese, Cebuano, Chinese (Simplified), Italian, Hindi, Kazakh"
"#Pirates (English, French, Catalan l, Filipino,  alqarasina (Arabic) #piratas (Spanish) Piratak (basque) piratoj (E "
"watching #MARIAmovie tonight and im the only one here. y really don support local movies and help ascend the "
"okay, so everyone thinks  is Chinese and Filipino and I'm one of them"
" in filipino movies &gt;&gt; cringe "
"hindi nko matutulog neto hanggang mamaya para lng matapos ung pinapagawa sa filipino"
"El #C130 #H se vi envuelto en llamas por su lado izquierdo durante el despegue:://t.co/snblHbLOng "
" : Kahirap namang isalin sa Filipino ng kantang English."
" HAHAHHAHAHAAHHAH WA SA FILIPINO GA"
"Filipino gods?  EUNICA Altair Fia et al "
" : PRANK CALLING FILIPINO YOUTUBERS WITH MAYMAY ENTRATA (NAKAKATAWA TO!) | ... "
"Tonight, 3/28  Grace Talusan () is joined in conversation by author Alex Marzano-Lesnevich ( "
"Sobrang nakakabilib ang mga talento ng mga Filipino, investment at acknowledgement lang kulang. "
" hshdhshd i think.. 4 or shorter by a few centimeters ;; a midget SHDHSHHD genes i guess"
" : svt members' names if they had filipino childhood *repeating* nicknames "
"A dream becomes a goal when action is taken towards it's achievement. Grading Period*With highest honors(98)* "
"may honor din naman dapat ako kung wala lang yung lchng line of seven sa filipino"
"Sana may translator app din ng mga Filipino dialects. Tagalog lang dialect ko, wala na akong maintindihan sa ibang dialects hahaha "
"  lagi kasi siyang nagbabasketball kela reya kaya dun ako palagi pagtapos ng filipino class "
"Ghaaaddd Filipino pala yung author ng I Love Yoo tapos Cebuano aAAaAaaahhh nakakaproud. Though di ko sure"
" : Honestly Filipino spaghetti is my fav kind of spaghetti mmmm masarap"
" Philippine language is complicated af  mostly consists of slang and shortened words these days, lol. "
"kmusta nmn un kpwa filipino mo dn ang humihila sau pababa. daming kuda. pede nmn nya sbhin n lng kung cno un batch "
"Dapat naa niy plus points sa Filipino"
" : I like the this one guy and I know he doesn't like me back the girl who made this post on Facebook (Filipino Ver.)"
"filipino boys really get all the heat huh... as if there werent fuckboys of every origin"
"Toxic Filipino culture: when people get invited to an event, but they don't take the time to know what the event is "
"singing can't we just stalk instead of can't we just talk just sounds like a filipino person trying to sing the actual lyric"
"Asan yung Kalagirang Pangkasaysayan dun sa Filipino exam...? "
"Thank God for the President who fights for the Filipino people"
"Dalagang Pilipina daw, eh idol mo nga kpop eh.- Ano rin? Ikaw nga dalagang pilipina, 70 naman sa filipino."
"im soo delirious rn I watch this entire movie in filipino with no subtitles lol. I did not understand a word they s "
" Tall, has curly hair, Filipino version of Chan (I think), noisy on Twitter but is actually quite i "
"I saw a lineman cutting down the power line of an old woman point  is:Why do we need to let our fellow Filipino "
"  Maganda ba siyang basahin? I mean, I do read English novels pero kasi Filipino yung author. M "
" Ga kyk gw ya, di bandara transit yg nyapa org filipino mulu "
"GFX and SFX in Filipino movies are shitty bc producers don't want to pay artists the right price.  "
" : Ganyan ang utak ng sanay komportableng buhay sa mundo ng mga gutom, tayo magdiskusyon!-Burgis, Lean: A Filip"
"I hate how Rih looked like a typical Filipino aunt here sksksksks "
"I know I'm older than most filipino moots but pls don't 'po' or 'ate' me :))))"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"Immigration officers intercepted an overseas Filipino worker from going to the United Arab Emirates who presented f "
"Mayayabang version 2.0 kami nina bridget at eliesa wohooo, nabuo kami dahil sa shitty magazine photosho "
"Immigration officers intercepted an overseas Filipino worker from going to the United Arab Emirates who presented f "
" i should get used to speaking in filipino, then"
" aaaa yes! pagtingin has two meaning in filipino... omg same, tagalog is my mother tongue but i suck at it "
" Hahaha that message was for her, are you a filipino?"
"Nagsasawa rin ako sa pagshishit ng mga tao sa pagiging Filipino when we're only ever angry at the city experience. "
"Do you crave for filipino foods? yes, no, sometimes? Anon  yes, sinigang "
"FINDING FILIPINO MUTUALS!!- rt niyo na mga ka-jOnEl- follow ko kayo- gUlapAnatics forever - let's be friends "
"notebook na lang sa filipino tas wala na gagawin woOoOoOoOoOoh"
"  When comparing American and Chinese, we Filipino always look up to those we feel inf "
"Why are people so surprised when they learn that me, a filipino, loves traveling solo? Is solo-traveling exclusive to foreigners??"
"Top 3 | GoodNewsPilipinas! TV Week In Review 11 's Sheila Lirio Marcelo, the first Filipino-American woman CE "
"Realme 3 Unboxing and First Impressions "
"Nakakatamad magnotes litsiiii lalo na sa filipino ang dami huahuahuahua"
"score mo sa LT sa filipino  21/35 ano ang baba diba "
"Tweet translated to English, Serbian (Cyrillic), Czech, Czech, Hungarian, Latvian, Bangla, Serbian (Latin), Tahitia "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"  Filipino cuisine-lechon kawali"
"my dad said about the lgbt love : LOLOKOHIN KA LANG NILA NAKKK LALO NA PAG KAPWA FILIPINO MO me : dad gusto ko si "
"romantic filipino** what is wrong with u, irish"
"Taenang Filipino teacher namin yan napaka!!!"
"Jeskai Flash Flash"
" my filipino boys and i would never  "
"New legislative members from the Dutch far-right FvD: a former bus driver, a retired Maltese knight, an air traffi "
"Should I take offence that the cleaner is now talking to my  plant in Filipino and blessing herself from i "
" : Pope names 2 new Filipino bishops://t.co/5FZSNZZQ21#bishops#cbcpnews#RCAMAOC "
" excuse me best in filipino ako gurl HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA #straw"
"Honestly Filipino spaghetti is my fav kind of spaghetti mmmm masarap"
"P.E.I. Filipino organization Sandigang Pinoy celebrates first anniversary - "
"Here a closer look at Pia Wurtzbach Official wax figure by #MadamTussaudsHongkong The details are so amazing! F "
"Pope names 2 new Filipino bishops://t.co/5FZSNZZQ21#bishops#cbcpnews#RCAMAOC "
" : +++ BOGUM TAE FRIEND AND AN ACTOR AT BTS LY TOUR IN HONGKONG SOBERANO FAMOUS FILIPINO ACTRESS &amp; #1 IN 2017"
" : Ticket offer, Buy 2 get 1 FREE! Alcasid, Piolo Pascual and Morissette Amon will be performing live on the 5th of A"
"overheard a mom-son convo: ma unsaon ni pag abli: gamita imo utok  if this ain't filipino mommy attitude idk what is"
"sa mga Filipino horror movies na napanood ko EERIE IZZZ DDD BESTTTT!!!!! agree with me guYs"
"toxic filipino traits: may nasemplang&amp;3: nasan?*sabay takbo hindi para tumulong kundi makiusyoso. eh!"
"A party-list lawmaker vowed to make available overseas Filipino worker assistance desks in all barangays across the "
"A party-list lawmaker vowed to make available overseas Filipino worker assistance desks in all barangays across the "
"Not sure if people realise that I get a notification whenever someone in my contacts makes a Twitter? So if it's yo "
" :  Thank you Indonesian fans for cheering and being proud of Nadine when most her own Filipino FANS could no"
"filipino thesis on going na"
"Froilan Grate: Filipino activist calling out big corporations for their environmental impact and demanding "
"Froilan Grate: Filipino activist calling out big corporations for their environmental impact and demanding "
"Froilan Grate: Filipino activist calling out big corporations for their environmental impact and demanding "
"rip filipino exam"
" ISANG BINATANG FILIPINO YE"
"I mean, thank you to those  who has contributed to boost Siargao tourism. But ain that our respons "
"must-do for next week: math project accounting pt critique paper ap proj music proj science quiz eng "
" Sure baaaa, dili pareha sa typical nga filipino horror tine?"
" true yan. madame na ngayon filipino movie sa netflix buti naka subs kame."
"I really like ur filipino accent, say it again?Sangkis "
" : #MissUniverse2015 Pia Wurtzbach is the first Filipino to get a wax figure from Madame Tussauds!  #EntertainmentNews  ht"
" jd, jan 30, wongyuhan, filipino~ "
"luh? nawawala iba kong chapter test s tsaka test paper ko sa filipino nangangamoy di pipirmahan clearance ko aa"
"Til that carabao came from karabaw in Bisaya (i.e. Spanish adoption of words from Filipino languages also happe "
"Kahapon pa yang filipino na yan ahhh"
"*filipino time. Frialde: Ang dalawang panauhin ay... [medj maingay sa bandang likod] Teka andaming panauhin sa l "
" IT'S CALLED FILIPINO LESSONS HAHAHAHAH"
"Omggggggg. Nanotice ako ni , I can be your binatang Filipino! WAAAAAAAAAH"
"| thank you so much !!!!  please join the verse, i would like to encourage the filipino people to have our own ta "
"Red bean hopia from any Filipino or Chinese bakery.  #foodtravelchat "
" : Here is one example how China uses hatred to an advantage.. the Philippines, it used the hatred of yellows (dilawa"
"ang nag kuhas akong filipino ug tle book malason"
"Hayyy salamatttt tapos naren defenseeeeeeeeeeeee cl, filipino tsaka oral testttt nlnggggg,,"
" Mexican, Japanese, Filipino, Mayan"
"Taas abi akon standards sa Horror Films ya. Mina wala ko  gawatch Filipino Horror Films kay basi ma disappoint lang ko. Just saying "
"I'm at Imprenta Modern Filipino Cuisine in Lipa City, Batangas "
" Filipino is the definition of identity confusion."
"Filipino who walked around nude: MMHA recommends psychiatric assessment.://t.co/sLlmYJla1g "
" : U were at a mall and u were conversing in English with ur friends. People passed by talking in Filipino then others in Iloc"
"sUpPo oPm*Hates Filipino Hiphop/Rap music* "
"filipino deities are beautiful "
" : Palace hit for downplaying Chinese 'harassment' of Filipino fishermen "
"  It's such a sad story...  not only the Filipino, but also the Korean, Taiwanese, etc. co "
" : Celebrities running in the May 13 elections #TheFilipinoVotes "
". freshly #baked Pan De Coco. , this delicious little bun with shredded coconut. Every Filipino ha "
"atottt oy nagproblema jud kos filipino ayy"
"Politics -92 -95-96 dev -93 non fiction- 89 thinking-91.E -88 mo "
"Pia Wurtzbach Official is the first ever Filipino wax figure at Madame Tussaud's wax museum. Her wax figure will be "
"Miss Universe Pia wax figure at Madame Tussauds Hong Kong.  They finally came up with Pia wearing her iconic blue "
"Ehemmm ehemm dahil top 10 ka sa Filipino sagot mo kalahatiiiii na tuannnn "
"HOPE- pagasa sa filipino ngunit never akong pinaasa, binubuo ng tatlumpu't apat na estudyante at isang guro na n "
"I was weak in Filipino, so Canal de la Reina was a struggle to read for me. It was after much pushing - and a dic "
"Happy birthday to my good friend and my President Rodrigo Roa Duterte.  God give you long life and more streng "
"NOW HAPPENING: UST Filipino Martial Arts teaching our participants on the Fundamentals of Self-Defense.!! It' "
"Pempem to janjan: magiging aussie na ikaw and you still speak filipino: says you.  bulol naman sa tagalog HAHAHAHAHAHA"
"Taenaaaa hanggang ngayon kabado parin ako para sa recitation sa Filipino kasi di matapos taposssss yoko naaa "
"Filipino firm Jollibee takes on US fried chicken chains "
" : Andam na gyud kaau kong ma hagbong sa filipino"
" filipino at english dik napa sign nan ngem ada simampet nga foreigner HAHAHAHAHAH"
" : toxic filipino culture; they'll make fun of you for being a kpop fan"
"Listening to  tell us about how thrilled she was to be the first Filipino to be shortlisted for "
"In the last quarter of 2018 alone, around 2.4 million Filipino families experienced involuntary hunger, according t "
" Well at least we not Filipino. Also, yes, latinx only happens when you go abroad."
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
" : PH Street Food, Other Filipino Favorites Showcased in Paris International Gastronomy Village: "
"PH Street Food, Other Filipino Favorites Showcased in Paris International Gastronomy Village: "
"FILIPINO COOK "
" : bay lisod kaayo mag rap in filipino???"
"kakatamad gumawa ng dyornal para sa filipino mga pree"
"im so lonely I might actually go for a filipino boy"
" : With the perception of limitless opportunities on digital job platforms, Filipino digital workers are sometimes faced with"
" Yes please!!! Samira doesn't only represent people of Marawi and Filipino Muslims in general but also Filipino women!"
"kinsa ka sa monologo sa Filipino?  Laura :)) "
"ang akong gusto mahibal-an gyud nga grado bai kay ang purcom og ang filipino 2 kay sukad pa sa prelim walay post sa automateeee "
" : FILIPINO BAYAN? E MGA WALA NGANG NAIAMBAG NA SOCIAL RELEVANCE! "
" :   Regardless of any political color being a Filipino, it is our solemn responsibility to defe"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"I need a Filipino/English Movies for later, suggest kayo? Hahahaha thanks ;)"
"Andam na gyud kaau kong ma hagbong sa filipino"
"What an inspiration. Don ever give up! Congratulations, Andrew. (y) (y) (y) "
" hUH BUT YOU JUST TWEETED IN FILIPINO am confused "
"  Could refer to the name felipe, filipino"
" Filipino Christmas Party...Ito talaga yon eh the only subject na may hiwalay na christmas party HAHAHAHA "
"New post (Polvoron Recipe (Filipino Dessert)) has been published on New Cookery Recipes - "
"OKAY RA AKONG GRADO TANAN PERU BWESIT NA FILIPINO NGANO 3 MANI HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAAH"
"Finally...,  Jasmine Renae M. Graduate of Accountancy, Business and Management -With Honors-DS "
" : Filipino migrant workers in Alberta  desperate need of a community centre "
" Noted!  was also baffled why of all languages, why Filipino! It was a major subject too! Darn it!!!"
"Check out for tomorrows Fridays  Alta, yours very truly Filipino night dinner buffet. Composed of 144 ethnolinguis "
"Se incendi un avi de transporte C-130H de la Fuerza A de Filipinas.://t.co/zJukrnsTD5 "
"calling filipino stans who bought patron center ksjdjjnx"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"Filipino workers in the film industry are not taken care of we need more labor laws that actually take care of thes "
"Kapag gugunaw na yung mundo, huling magugunaw yung pilipinas, filipino time eh HAHAHA natawa ako dito skl"
"Rest assured that our candidate is competitive enough to battle on national pageant as she has already gained simil "
" Anyone that can be Filipino can be Darna, no?"
" na sa classroom ka ata ng 10 - MO that time or na sa faculty room ng Filipino Area "
"old Filipino movies are still better than the new ones. "
" I read it before making the comment. I feel for our people in general. It's the Filipino's quality of "
"Ang daming magandang Filipino films!!!! mainstream man or indie!!!!!!!!! "
"Filipino pt and buod   asian countries       and mapeh play na lang! Lets do this "
"Int'l Seminar in Portugal Highlights, Promotes Filipino History and Culture: "
" Yang 5, 2001 Seungkwan   #SEVENTEEN"
"Toxic Filipino Trait: suicidal ka, attention seeker ka."
"Isang binatang Filipino yeahhh  "
" : chill Filipino grandmoms exist like my Lola HAHAHAHA istg she very far away from the  strict and pakealamera Filipi"
"Toxic Filipino Trait: depress, sasabihang madrama. nagpakamatay, iiyak naman."
".: Because of Japan high regard for the Filipinos, there is preferential priority to Filipino workers "
" : Even though na ndi Filipino c Fumiya, wala siang right maging Big Winner.  Kung yung mga Pinoy nga na sumasali sa Interna"
"malingaw kos office sa Filipino Dept. ay, mag teacher nalang gurow ko HAHAHAHA"
"Calling all Filipino Fans! We have a party to celebrate!  Mark the date 3.31.19 you at Cafe Amazon - SM Nort "
" As PMAer do you? You don't even have the balls to come forward and tell the Filipino people what re "
"Fumiya is looking forward to meet his Filipino fans. Let's do our best to make him the Big Winner! He deserves it! "
"Historical filipino movies deserve better "
" : Congratulations to local artist Kristone Capistrano whose drawing 'The Sleep of Convicts' is a finalist in the 2019 Dobe"
"Filipino who walked around nude: MMHA recommends psychiatric "
" Cai, Dec 24, Wonwoo &amp; Mingyu, Filipino!!!!"
"context, me asking for resto recommendations has really good filipino foot OOH SIS"
"Today I am feeling angry that people can support a law that gives the death penalty for people that have a conditio "
"IM CRYING NINGNING LITERALLY MEANS SHINE IN FILIPINO AND OUR BABY NINGNING SHINES BRIGHTER THAN A STAR IM NOT OKAY, "
"Hala mga filipino din ahahhaa"
"Be sensitive naman sa gahulat. Dili ko gadawat ug mga ga practice ug Filipino time "
" : Filipino moms when they pregnant:  |               | |                |                  |                    "
"bay lisod kaayo mag rap in filipino???"
" That was 6 years ago! And I learning! I bought Filipino to English dictionary! !"
"  Port Blair  evacuated and airlifted A 40-year Filipino, who fell ill while travelling in a mercha "
"  are you a filipino?"
"    All the best Kai Sotto! Sana Meron na talaga Filipino sa NBA!!"
"The hospitality landscape in the Philippines was all just really a matter of black and white not so long ago. Afte "
"A young Filipino filmmaker on her way to Cannes is history writing itself!  help her achieve this one! For th "
" Department of National Defense: The 50th year of the NPA existence is a very sad and unfortunate "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
" : To all Filipino fans of Frank, Drake and other GMMTV stars/series, come and join us in a fan gathering event this summer"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
" of country motivates Filipino scientists who are already living abroad to apply for the  Scientist pr "
" High School Filipino Teacher:  have an average of 97 in English, 91 in Latin and a decent 88 i "
" : On why Bonifacio can be considered one of the best Filipino heroes, in the words of great Indonesian Tan Malaka (as tra"
"imagine a Filipino horror movie na hindi puro gulat, may substance at ang ganda ng kuwento pati cinematography. "
"With the perception of limitless opportunities on digital job platforms, Filipino digital workers are sometimes fac "
"Mark Reyes' Moments of Love is one of the best Filipino Romantic films. Fight me. "
" Dibaaaaa filipino craving"
"How to sound polite in filipino: sprinkle po in every so often"
"Kai Sotto proud Filipino to represent our Country.  "
"what more better way to appease your overlord master than keeps on reassuring them that you had his back against mi "
"*NEW* article: Ambient surveillance. On Filipino social media in diaspora, building on   "
"YEY! Excellence Awardee Performance in Science Performance in Filipino "
"Filipino snacks &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;"
"Baii shookt kayko kay naa nay mga filipino movies sa netflix skl"
" Wow nagsalita ang filipino boyy"
"There are several local films that are worth watching. Marami lang talagang maaarteng Filipino na mahilig magcompar "
" I feel you, I grew up reading English books with a sprinkle of Latin. I gradually learning our c "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"  Charlyne, July 30 2002, Jeon Wonwoo only Jeon Wonwoo xD, Filipino"
"kompyuter noun meaning computer in Filipino #Filipino #computer"
"Science, Business Math, &amp; Filipino bukas"
"Indie films are great but MANY Filipino ppl support more movies who doesn't have good content and only knows how to "
"For Filipino digital workers, there is a collapse of work and home barrier. #NetGovPh"
" akala ko biglang naging Filipino language ang twitter app ko  "
" I was also thinking Filipino Millennial Darna... idk anymore..."
"it really official huh. we tried to save this show but its officiallt cancelled. thank you to everyone who tweete "
" Dalagang Filipino"
"Finally met one of my fave filipino youtubers!!! Sayang dapat pala nakalugay din ako para matchy na char . But tha "
"Mga YAZZkada, maraming Filipino movies ang pwedeng panoorin ngayon  sa Netflix. Mag-subscribe na gamit ang YAZZ Pre "
"We're proud to finally unveil the first Filipino wax figure, none other than Pia Wurtzbach !  #PiaMadeIconic "
"[EERIE] Everyone was raving last night after the Premiere in the Philippines. The most anticipated Filipino horror "
"Filipino Expat Living in Saudi Arabia - Interview with Sonyboy #expat #SaudiArabia #archive"
"*accidentally translate facebook into filipino language: what the heck am I reading?"
" Filipino health workers turn backs on opportunities in Japan "
" Foreign Workers in Japan under Technical Trainee Program, source: Japan Ministry of Justice, 174 trainees mos "
"#Layers #stencil #wip #workinprogress...........#Art #FineArt #Skull #work #loveTheProcess #painter "
"filipino rap issa vibe "
"  Destabilizing a treasonous fentanyl crazed rapist murderer tyrant dictator is a the job "
" : Now: Presscon for ONE Championship's A New Era event in Tokyo, Japan, to be headlined by the world lightweight title fight"
"SA MAHILIG MAGBULLY DYAN AT BASHERS HINAY HINAY NA KAYO KASI UMAABOT NA NG INTERNATIONAL REPO..PINAKAWORST ANG FI "
"porket alam mo na yung sbeve na yan mangmamaliit ka na you fucking filipino elitist"
" adinglygz: #PaanoKayaKung wala ng mga Filipino ang kailangang mangibang bansa pra magpa-alipin HugotDre"
"Bring back the memories of your mom kitchen with this bangus dish.://t.co/mYDrwzt6Qa"
"'ph whites' burgis and elitist filipino citizens who are too damn ignorant to see their privilege  am I ignorant t "
" : There are really good filipino movies.  Sad that most people won't give it a try because they think filipino movies = j"
"  Im really impressed tooo...  HATI YUNG BOTO KO NOON FOR FUMIYA AND YAMYAM PERO AFT "
"Would not discount the influence of influencers on domestic tourism when Filipino millennials create aspirational p "
" : Best Filipino movies to watch pt.2 : Sisters In A Wedding Second Chance I Love You Perfect You"
"ABBs are so annoying think they cute doing photoshoots at Seafood City calling themselves Filipino snacks and shit"
"3/3. It so ironic that 16 million filipino voted for him, now it looks like most of that people ate their votes a "
" you listen to filipino rap music too?"
"I am: Mexican, Filipino, Hawaiian, Indonesian, Chinese, Japanese, Korean, Indian, Jewish, Middle Eastern, Yuk-at, R "
""
"True. Majority of Filipinos try to impress foreigners, covering up the real dirt in the Filipino society "
" binatang filipino yeah"
"Tapos na ang thesis ko sa english.filipino naman hays pagod na ako!"
"Dropin out filipino yeh"
" For me modelling is not just about money it an art+passion that takes hardwork to become successful. I "
" ikaw pasimuno minsan kala moba nakalimutan ko yun yung sa math si maam hazel tas sabe mo cutting ako! Tas "
"im in filipino class and this is the most chill class and i love my prof but i want to go home"
" Dope, Fire, Not Today, Singularity, BST: Keone Madrid (na Filipino rin), Serendipity: Brian P "
"Do you have filipino features?  I don know? "
"i am proud to say that i am watching the filipino dub of haikyuu on tv "
"there are between 120 and 175 individual languages spoken in the Philippines, 171 of which are living while the oth "
" SHASGSKDSSJSSJSSBDH have u seen the haikyuu filipino dub sa yey???"
"according to Filipino custom, it is considered rude to open gifts immediately after they are given."
" : hello its mkp! im turning 16 and filipino! might as well yall guys be friends with me! &lt;3 here are the groups that i stan (r"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"   but yeah guess Darna can be Filipino and Darna is channeled by Narda if w "
" FILIPINO#ALDUBxADN193rdWeeksary"
"um yes hello if you see this  filipino groupmates  all are fucking pieces of shit and i hope the ground swallows you alive thanks"
"Now: Presscon for ONE Championship's A New Era event in Tokyo, Japan, to be headlined by the world lightweight ti "
" : Number of Indian workers in Kuwait over 8,89,000 #economictimes #Indian #Workers #Kuwait #Filipino #Bangladeshi #SriL"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"Toxic Filipino Culture: use the term 'Filipino time' as an excuse for being late. You're not late because you' "
"  I am not a Filipino but I have watched most of their movies.and to be honest of the four "
" :  is set to light up the Seagulls Rugby Club in Tweed on Saturday night squaring off against Filipino fighter"
" karaoke: a Filipino invention karaoke was first invented by musician, Daisuke in 1971, but it was "
"Naghahanap ka ba ng Filipino action movie na pang-Hollywood ang dating? na ang MARIA! NOW SHOWING in cine "
"Naghahanap ka ba ng Filipino action movie na pang-Hollywood ang dating? na ang MARIA! NOW SHOWING in cine "
"The Comprehensive Field Guide to Filipino Bread #Esquiremag.ph via "
" :  filipino es sin de puntos! As juega Kai Sotto, el fen filipino de 16 a por el que pelean Real Madr"
"are you filipino by blood?  yes i am! both of my parents are filipino, my mom is just a little bit swedish. she "
"Aetas are filipino. is filipino. she can portray a role of her fellow filipino.  the blackf "
"   2/2 earlier you were very insistent Darna could not be Filipino becau "
"Mas maganda yung Filipino horror movies pag hindi na ginagamitan ng animated special effects. Mas nakakatakot pa yu "
"Them :30PM na kami ng bahay na kami, sunduin lang si kuya na kami. Punta nalang kayo ma "
"So kagabi. Kinuwento ko kay nanay na ginagaya ko yung steps ni yamyam (How to eat in a filipino way) pinanood ko yu "
"chill Filipino grandmoms exist like my Lola HAHAHAHA istg she very far away from the  strict and pakealamer "
"Filipino hot chocolate is so damn good!    "
" : CAN Y DROP  IF YOU ARE A FILIPINO KASI ANG HIRAP NG MAG ENGLISH PERO NAGEENGLISH PA RIN AKO SO YEAH AHAHAHAHAHA JONEEE"
"Came home to thism. Confirmed, my sister is a full blown Filipino. "
"Filipino word I know: (idk what it means, tho) (means arse in German, hah)"
"there's nothing more #ManilaCyberpunk than these neon-colored structures, built on the backs, sweat, and blood of d "
" baka magalit ang ating filipino major na si   HSHSHHSHS"
"Mas deserve nito magkawax statue tbh what more iconic than the Filipino diaspora? Probably our greatest contribut "
" : Pakainin nyo ng lechon, buttered sugpo at king crabs. Lobsters, aligi ng alimango, leche plan. Tapos painumin ng sleeping pi"
"Planning to stay at Marco Polo Ortigas Manila this long weekend? You'd be glad to know it's been recognised for its "
"   She has the right to act and portray that role because she is an actress. As lo "
"Toxic Filipino culture: saka lang itatabi mga vehicles nila kapag malapit na sa kanila ang ambulance "
"  WAIT SHE'S FILIPINO? "
"apat dapat, dapat apat (or vise-versa idk) will always be the best filipino movie 4 me haa. "
"it means a whole lot more when said in Filipino. kita &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;  love u "
"My lil Filipino baby  "
"WATCH: Pia Wurtzbach unveils her Madame Tussauds wax figure. She's the first and only Filipino to have one at Madam "
"Isang binatang Filipino, yeah! "
" Ang tudo mo init ng ulo mo puro angin ang tiyan.'s a filipino thing."
" Typical filipino telenovela/drama pa din, laguna bae"
"#MyPhBoy ctto 3 wide. ://t.co/pWOFV8pRLI my accounts ig/tw  fb/yt  "
" im gonna wait for the filipino one"
" Hi! It's Filipino and it means It's so pleasing to the eyes.  Great photo, man!!"
" :   payment to political debt at the expense of Filipino tax payers "
"toxic filipino mindset "
"Manila City Hall (Personnel Dept.), Netplay Inc. (HR Dept.) Filipino Bank (Compliance Dept.)- Preci "
"Celebrities running in the May 13 elections #TheFilipinoVotes "
"Filipino Market "
"Japan time &gt; Filipino twoime "
"Sa totoo lang nakakairita yung ibang Filipino Movies na hindi deserve ipalabas sa Netflix.. sorry na agad."
"    She is an actress. It's her job. She is also a filipino "
"To all the people na nag hehate kasi hindi siya tunay na aeta. Guys, artista siya at karapatan nya gampanan yan. It "
" Ashley, Nov 23, Jeonghan/Wonwoo, Filipino"
"I just cook sir? -- her reply after being told to cook the 'brief'. :P ;P :D "
" as for why they exist, i think it's a little elitist to say that they shouldn't be aired at all cuz some fi "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"I asked pem like 20mins ago to speak english kasi nahihirapan siya mag tagalog and 5mins ago I asked him,  do u "
" This is part of our country and these people are OUR COUNTRYMEN! No Filipino  deserves such fate. "
" Annyeonghaseyo filipino imnida"
"Bro I been watching to many Filipino movies on Netflix "
"Filipino generosity  "
"my daughter was beautiful &amp; she still is she came out looking Asian because we are filipino or how ever you spell i "
" :  What a great thread!  generation needs a role model maybe a celebrity, politician, journalist or someon"
"In recognition of his visionary work as a successful entrepreneur, tech luminary, and accomplished Filipino in purs "
"      You read about the shit they do to vi "
"  I  was hanging out with my homie, he Filipino, he didn wanna be with his girl anymore so "
" : Ms. Jonahley M. Jaucian, from the University of Santo Tomas, presents her thesis titled: Journalists in Dialogue: Lingu"
" : Mr. John Carl M. Lastierre on stage as he delivers his thesis entitled  and Now: Perceptions of  in Anci"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"My grandma was a typical Filipino grandma. She was my number one supporter. She always made sure we all ate ( house "
" : Filipinos Glocalization of TV Ads: A Multimodal Discourse Analysis of Globalization and Cultural Identity in Filipino"
"Filipino indie films are really great but needs more support "
"every so-called filipino influenzas have now been proclaimed dead thank u "
" What a great thread!  generation needs a role model maybe a celebrity, politician, journalist or som "
"what the heck naabutan pa filipino"
"I dig  take for example, not sure how the lore works for his Darna but yo I dig the new take and how it "
"toxic filipino culture:ang ganda niya dito!ganda kasi nung quality ng camera"
" : Filipino breakfast sounds fire rn"
"  W8. Are YOU filipino?"
" OMG I THOUGHT THIS IS FROM A FILIPINO OOMF JANDJCJDJE"
" : The Happy Home Cook: Mango Bars  Positively Filipino | Online Magazine for Filipinos in the Di "
" : When Filipino moms questions you during an argument, and when you answer them, they get more fucking heated  I don get"
" :  making moves for the filipino hip hop community"
"  Ilove all the filipino youtubers."
"Join us for our Kabayan night every Thursday from 7pm - 11pm at the Gallery restaurant and choose from a whole buff "
" is set to light up the Seagulls Rugby Club in Tweed on Saturday night squaring off against Filipino fig "
"YOWN! Accounting na lang saka Filipino "
"Boss: Claire Filipino ing gamitan yu kanyan istung meg emcee kayu.*At ako biglang napakanta ng Dalagang Filipin "
" : (Part 1) Here some of the highlights from PhilPop Art 2 Art guesting! Thank you Ms.  for having us and letti"
" : (Part 2) Here some of the highlights from PhilPop Art 2 Art guesting! Thank you Ms.  for having us and letti"
" : (Part 3) Here some of the highlights from PhilPop Art 2 Art guesting! Thank you Ms.  for having us and letti"
" can know when you going to die so why not use your life for a bigger purpose?  Porong, a member of the "
" : Delighted to host the American Women Club of the Philippines again this year.  Very proud of AWCP great initiatives in"
"Filipino breakfast sounds fire rn"
" : Hiii~ #ArtistsofSEA, I'm Hika and I'm a Filipino book illustrator based in Cebu.  like to draw Luffy, flowers and use a"
" Filipino"
"Nagising ng 5:00 am,pumasok, nagdiscussed yung teacher sa filipino may pumasok na arabic teacher sinabi wala kaming "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
" : And there she goes... #PiaMadeIconic. Universe 2015  unveiled her wax figure before it goes to its pe"
" : Hanggang ngayon napapamura pa din ako sa sobrang ganda nung movie. Tangina! Pang hollywood talaga! Ngayon lang ako nag enjo"
" Catamaran  I wouldn't be surprised if that was named by a filipino lol"
"Yamyam: You eat fruit because you are Filipino now.: No.  di niya bet kumain ng prutas eh "
"Kahit magkaiba ang pananaw nila sa mga isyu, hindi pa rin naman daw nila nakalilimutan ang kanilang samahan. ^_^ "
" : Having boodle fights was a big part of my childhood, so it was a pleasure to have shared this very Filipino experience with"
"    Yung kay dennis koreanong filipino yeah! "
" GIVEAWAY ALE [Pls help ]~ I am giving away one (1) ticket for Park Bo Gum FM in Taipei. All you have "
" :  Hi! My name is Chi and I am a Filipino digital artist. I draw random stuff, but mostly girls lol "
"Watching a Filipino film GOYO on . But why their mouth isn't synchronized with the sound? Is this a gl "
"The Happy Home Cook: Mango Bars  Positively Filipino | Online Magazine for Filipinos in the Diaspora "
"My eyes could be deceiving but I'm a Filipino. I'm a pure girl, I'm just a first time cosplayer.   This is my "
" :  Filipino maid salary rm 1500. Haha"
"I just got too many Filipino in my TL when I don't understand anything but putangina"
"Taking the time to watch and appreciate Filipino films and how important the film industry is to us both past and p "
"Do you like Filipino food?  Fdsjsjsjsj some of them bs lol "
"Yamyam: Eat (fruit). You're a Filipino today!!: Nooooooo#PBB8FamiLAYF"
"Rappler reports: In a statement on 24 March, the Department of Foreign Affairs said the Filipino crew members are "
"HABULIN MO KO~~~ vibes from old Filipino films lol "
"she is local la tstahbloon awna who's filipino!! w b3dain ma y59km   I half local lol ahahaha "
" : Assassin. Asawa. Ina. Simula na ng paghihiganti ni MARIA. the latest Filipino action film, starring Cristine Reyes."
"The problem with the Filipino people is that they choose the popular candidates despite knowing that these candidat "
" : The first Filipino boyband to compete in the international stage, JBK, will hold it concert entitled : Just Be Kind at"
" paratuts to eh char haha. Idol kita eh lalong lalo na sa editing skills mo. Sana wag mo kalimutan "
" oml im sorry i filipino but TAGALOG MAKES ME CRINGE?? is tHAT JUST ME SKKSKS"
"Filipino mentality  "
" Can you recommend some good Filipino period films, please? "
" : BTS FT. FILIPINO MEMES; A THREAD "
"Who Filipino ur dad or mom ??  My mom "
"I'm also once a type of a Filipino who believes in the sugar coated words and promises from some of the government "
"First Filipino? Diba naka-wax figure na si Marcos? HAHAHAHA  "
"Department of National Defense: The 50th year of the NPA existence is a very sad and unfortunate reminder of the "
"Happy Birthday  MrPresident RRD #DU30 full support pa din ako/kaming mga Filipino sa yo. #goodhealth #longlife "
"And you'll be a copy reader too lol but yeah I accepted the task of being the FILIPINO BROADCASTING TEAM'S SCRIPTWRITER."
"Hi! I'm following Filipino Swifties!! I need more mutuals because you know we should be supporting... Basta! Ifollo "
"Yooo I miss Filipino and Chamorro food"
"My Dalagang Filipina and My Binatang Filipino   "
"Binatang filipino yeahhhh"
"Wow there are just some days where Filipino romantic comedies are a mood."
" Perks of having to not understand Filipino "
" : filipino may, ako po si park jihoon~ mas magaling na si jihoon mag-tagalog kaysa kay ryan bang  "
" : Dinner was wild AF tonight. Eating Filipino American cuisine with our hands on a banana leaf table.  was absol"
"Can you spot the real Pia? PHOTOS: Miss Universe 2015 Pia Wurtzbach, the first ever Filipino to have a Madame T "
"proud tita here  congratulations my babylove  in Filipino,Best in English, Best in Araling Panlipunan,Best in "
"I always remind myself TO SPEAK IN ENGLISH BECAUSE YOU KNOW, THEY MAY LIVE HERE AND LOOK ASIAN / FILIPINO but they "
"JOBS IN UAE***************** Male Sales &amp; Marketing with Driving License - Rawaieh Al Zuhor - DR SCENT - "
"Gawa nga kayo ng bibi mo ng dalagang filipino cover   Sige po mamaya "
"An Oman national who allegedly invited two Filipino women to fly to Thailand to meet him and perform paid sexual ac "
"voting for  is supposedly a no-brainer decision... in the most perfect world dapat number 1 sya sa polls. "
"Asking my filipino friends what's the meaning of 'puta - putangina'. One laughed, and another one mad at me."
"Eerie is a Refreshing Take on Filipino Horror Flicks #EerieAsianInvasion"
"Filipino Heavyweight MMA champion of the world reveals his secret diet to success! #GoPinoy "
"Filipino Millennials answer: LOVE OR CAREER? IT HERE://t.co/RsDyt19ZRR "
" yah i'm a Filipino"
" : Are we seeing double? The first filipino to have a wax figure at Madame Tussauds!  "
"Join the Fun! Use our Hashtag! "
" can we get a filipino character "
" :  finally unveils her wax figure for Madame Tussauds. She is the first ever Filipino wax figure at Madame Tussa"
"yung kapatid ko paulit ulit sinasabi filipino bigla kong nasabi mama mo filipino eh kasama namin si mama like w "
"either Lou or Fumiya will be the batch winner. let's claim it! enough with stereotype slash typical Filipino slash "
"Watching super old filipino films"
"This has been the scariest filipino movie i've seen i think"
"filipino movies about family &gt; filipino movies about romance "
" : Here's an exciting upcoming book - It's Hard to be a Filipino in Hebrew "
" : LAST MARCH 22, 2019  MADE HISTORY!  IS THE FIRST EVER CONCE OF A FILIPINO AIST IN THE BIGGEST INDOOR"
" : i really fucking HATE and i can't emphasize my HATE for filipino celebrity culture. i cannot STAND the fact that ANY white,"
"The  time is never funny"
"They say Filipino spaghetti is sweet. say authentic spaghetti is sour... have you ever tried salty? Hahaha. I cry."
"My loot at the Chamorro Village night market. A whole lobster was supposed to be 30 usd but since the seller was Fi "
" Filipino movies, but when people say that hen luna was one of the best, or the first really good F "
"Filipino time nanaman aq hahaha"
"Toyo Eatery, Filipino chef Jordy Navarra's brainchild, is ranked among the best in Asia, according to an annual lis "
"Filipino talaga at P.e iniintindi ko hahahaha yung p.e kasi ma absent ako dahil sa puyat hahaha danaaaa"
" There are so many awesome Filipino films that people fail to recognize because they're so used to "
" are here to show the world that the Philippines is more than ready to cater to the demands of the global halal "
"I feel so loved just by watching a Filipino movie, how does that happen?"
"They said  is uncanny as the wax figure and the real Queen P at a first glance could trick us  but for me  c "
" KWAWA FILIPINO..DPAT SA SHOWBUZ N.LNG."
" : Parishioners in shock after Filipino priest charged with rape in Pennsylvania "
"I'm convinced Filipino movies will be the death of me. Either that or a black vehicle. Who knows?"
"#PaanoKayaKung tayong mga Filipino ay may DH n Korean or American? #HugotDre"
" Sino ang magmamahal sa bansang Pilipinas kundi tayong mga Filipino..."
" : Folks voted for  First leadership, after decades of feckless liberal oligarchic rule, just to end up getting "
" hen luna wasn't a great movie! it had a bunch of issues with pacing and editing. it was ok, but no "
"#PaanoKayaKung wala ng mga Filipino ang kailangang mangibang bansa pra magpa-alipin "
" : Di. Porke. Chinese-Filipino. Ang. Isang. Tao. Ay. Suportado. Nila. Ang. Mga. Tsinong. Pulitikong. Naninira. Sa. Resources."
" Did Kauai and Maui for our honeymoon - basically just ate everything, got Shave Ice every day, lazed a "
"What was your highest grade and what subject was it?  97, Filipino "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"Ur half filipino ???  Lol yess I answered this question like 10 times now I sorry "
"And mostly would say, ewwww Filipino movies makes me cringe  but they don't appreciate how good are the others. "
"honestly i miss living in glendale bc i had a lot more filipino friends who r actually intouch wit their roots :( a "
" : filipino i can't  wag ka na magpaganda ya ya ya ya ya jeez i really sang it "
" : SB19 IS A FILIPINO BOY GROUP AND ALMOST ALL OF US BEGAN TO LOWKEY SWERVE FOR THEM HAHAHAHAHAHA "
" :   For a minute akala ko totoo then I realize kanta pala, Dalagang Filipino yeh ForMa"
"The first Filipino boyband to compete in the international stage, JBK, will hold it concert entitled : Just B "
" : China continues building in disputed waters, while Filipino fishermen are driven out. all about the concepts that"
"Acculturative Stress as Experienced by Filipino Grandparents in America A Qualitative Study.: The aim of this quali "
"filipino i can't  wag ka na magpaganda ya ya ya ya ya jeez i really sang it "
" : Its Showtime Indonesia at 2pm WIB. Watching it while eating rendang for lunch. as a Filipino expat in  Lumayan sih, stag"
"SUMMER SALE!!-BiNaTaNg FiLiPInO-5-bball player pero never naging player-ssob mApAgMaHaL-CaRiNg-Di TaKoT sA "
" Be makabayan and write a filipino smut!!!"
" : Imagine Filipino AOCs in the House of Representatives, laluna sa Senado. They are there. Kaso, pinapatayan sila ng mikro"
" filipino?? :0"
"with High Honor in Filipino in English in Science "
"Truly we know for sure whom Duterte loyalty lies with and spoiler alert it doesn seem to be with the Filipino p "
" i thought you died years ago......."
" It's the freakin OMB that's been screwing us through their taxing of all this. Hence why I don't do any G "
" Are you filipino"
"korean ver, japanese ver, english ver, wow chinese ver left!!! how about filipino ver "
" : very filipino HAHAHAHHAHAHAAHHAHA "
"The first ever filipino to have a Wax Figure of  . So much pride on this!   Congratulations "
"isang binatang filipino yeah!. "
"Di. Porke. Chinese-Filipino. Ang. Isang. Tao. Ay. Suportado. Nila. Ang. Mga. Tsinong. Pulitikong. Naninira. Sa. Res "
"PILO HILBAY Solicitor General. Atty.  successfully defended our right over the West Philippines Se "
"Wen Fumiya was here in d Philippines to study he lived a life like a normal regular Filipino student nagta - tricyc "
"I regret only watching the Hows of Us now,'ll always fascinate me how far the Filipino Cinema has come in terms "
"  Obrador es filipino"
"Ogie had the perfect response after a grandma asked if he's OK that his daughter didn't receive an award... &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 "
"  Itong si Carpio napapraning na or should I say mas malala pa sa praning na tao. Buka "
"    Could you tell me where I could find more info on this "
" : No self-respecting Filipino, no patriot will accept offering parts of our national territory as collateral to the very fo"
" : Right now at the Seals of Isaiah and King Hezekiah: One of our friendly tour guides is presenting the archaeology exhibit in"
"My Grab driver just told me that I look like a Filipino that sounds like an Australian... yey."
"ito na yata best filipino comedy skit na napanood ko HAHAHAHAHAHHHA iconic  "
"Filipino movies will always put me in my feels :/"
" : Prize winner holds solo photo exhibit in HK for women month "
"Inspired by the work she did on a disease whose victims rarely reach the age of 30, clinical geneticist Cutiongco-d "
"Prize winner holds solo photo exhibit in HK for women month "
" : Happy birthday !  for supporting Filipino music!"
" : Una respuesta corta para L Obrador castellano  del cruel invasor, fue enriquecido por lenguas amerindias y p"
"please please please reply to this tweet with movie scenes i can recreate!! mas maganda kung filipino movies pero k "
" It from a Filipino movie"
"A : Filipino? : no, Thailand : Taiwan? : no, THAI THAILAND : Taipei?  :   "
"And well kahit anong paliwanag ko di rin naman kayo maniniwala, why? Because we are living with toxic filipino culture, and that sucks."
" When Corregidor and Bataan fell in 1942, there were 11 US Navy nurses and 66 Army nurses who were captured along "
"Dear kids who went and study on foreign countries. You can't just complain and generalize the whole Filipino system "
"First stop in Seattle, ofcourse VERY FIRST STARBUCKS#mbatravel #mbaadventure #mbaexperience #instapic "
"Mood: Filipino Rap aka Patok Jeep songs"
"no one: Filipino over 5'5: "
" : Who wouldn't want to wake up to the smell of this Filipino-style omelette? This dish that's oozing with flavor is a bree"
"Is it a requirement that every YouTube video uploaded by a Filipino has to have a really loud box fan in it"
" Reney  Update Chara  irenervpics  bossbaechu: If RVsmtown did Level Up Project in the Philippines:-Irene ha "
"  For a minute akala ko totoo then I realize kanta pala, Dalagang Filipino yeh ForMagandangBuhay"
" : I never understood Filipino politics and for the longest time I thought Dueterte was a good president cause my parents L"
" Easy: all Filipino generations are powerful #swag "
"nawawalan ako ng gana sa filipino"
" Before I fully read the tweet, I still thought Filipino. Haha."
" im probably the only filipino that had to click translate and I not proud of it"
"PAUWI NAKO Dance Covers "
" kstreetmanila: MULTILINGUAL KING! Park Jihoon (Park_Jihoon_twt) introduces himself in different languages, including Filipino! https:/"
" : LBC: The First Chance in Manila 2019 featured at Philippine Star, March 7, 2019 issue. Link below.  ://t."
"Halos mamatay ako sa filipino ah"
"(Part 3) Here some of the highlights from PhilPop Art 2 Art guesting! Thank you Ms.  for having us and "
"(Part 2) Here some of the highlights from PhilPop Art 2 Art guesting! Thank you Ms.  for having us and "
"(Part 1) Here some of the highlights from PhilPop Art 2 Art guesting! Thank you Ms.  for having us and "
" : This is a keto spin on a traditional Filipino dish, tapsilog, using cauliflower rice! An aromatic recipe that sweet and savo"
"   correct spelling in tagalog is kumusta kasi parang naging compound na siya nun "
"I never understood Filipino politics and for the longest time I thought Dueterte was a good president cause my pare "
" : Floating solar testbed to battle Filipino typhoons "
"Bet na bet kong makinig sa Filipino rap songs kahit na sinasabi ng iba na ang jejemon daw "
" They say shes conditioning coach but shes not here. Im thinking sugar coating to not appear as fully s "
"Can someone recommend a good Filipino movie to watch on Netflix!!!"
"Underground river....#philippines #pinoy #pilipinas #filipino #travelph #palawan #itsmorefuninthephilippines "
" Hi! My name is Chi and I am a Filipino digital artist. I draw random stuff, but mostly girls lol "
" It's his movies. If he wants an all Filipino cast I wouldn't give a flying fuck if it's good"
" Veig que el carrete filipino no funciona tant be com deien"
"-With honor-Conduct awardee  Filipino  performance in Social Science  pe "
"Filipino stunt performers are very underappreciated. , they do so much risking life and limb with subpar "
" : mainstream filipino movies are remarkable and undeniably entertaining, yes, but could we at least have movies of noli me &amp; e"
"Fumiya in Palawan, wen he went der he did not stay in an expenssive hotel, instead he ws out mingling wid d locals "
" : Life is what we make it, always has been, always will be.-Grandma Moses#discoverph #travelingpinoy #travelpinas #batanga"
"When it comes to some costumes and some visual effects of a Filipino film, palagi na lang tinitipid. could have "
"It 2:43 am EST and I found out my flight from LA to SF won leave for another two hours. I heard a Filipino acce "
"Traffic violators is an indication that Filipinos have no discipline, reason why the Philippines is not improving "
" : do filipino influencers deserve rights? be honest."
"listening to OPM songs and daaaamn the nostalgia hit hard. especially when Sundo by Imago played, I kinda wished my "
"Happy birthday !  for supporting Filipino music!"
" : Via  Antonio Spurs honor 103-year-old Filipino WWII veteran "
"This will be my simple attempt to document his administration's sins against the Filipino people. 'Wag kalimutan "
"fuck im crying at teddie's confession rn usually im a zombie i never cry not even for grave of the fireflies but fi "
" : #UlanMovie is not your typical movie tho. It has a pinch of humor, impressive display of symbols that entails filipino culture"
" : Ulan is one of the best filipino movies. Cinematography was so fucking lit. I live for Nadine and Carlo chemistry. And yon"
"Toxic Filipino Culture: their children to others. talaga ng self-confidence and self-esteem a "
"Im korean, im in makati now okay. Im filipino, im in nagaoka "
"Is media and cultural studies an area/field of studies in Philippine universities? This helps filmmakers improve an "
"Office Boy (Preferably) "
" i just saw a Filipino movie called  Together at the Burbank AMC at the mall with at the theater "
"Life is what we make it, always has been, always will be.-Grandma Moses#discoverph #travelingpinoy #travelpinas "
"Movies like this should be produced more often to serve as an eye opener to every Filipino. This is history. This is our story."
" filipino, hating vriska, edolon kin (is this allowed)"
"Nice one bro "
"CONGRATULATIONS Jej!#TeamKelly singer Jej Vinson advances to next round of The Voice US "
"Toxic Filipino Culture: know parents knows best, but I think we have to give freedom to our youngsters to select "
"  what the news item on? Outta of loop with Tala Fou because our channel is Filipino 23/7"
"I am a student of the world but a doctor to the Filipino people #AteneoBrain "
"Filipino grandmas are ruthless asf and don give af about what they say. grandma told me: omg you getting Fa "
"TRIVIA: na oxygen yung nalalanghap natin kundi toxic filipino culture na"
" : PARK JIHOON INTRODUCED HIMSELF IN ENGLISH, JAPANESE, CHINESE, FILIPINO, THAI, RUSSIAN, SPANISH, ETC, DAEHWI, AND"
" Me? ? Filipino style..  flan for dessert .? it's a s "
"  liz, 7 jan 2002, kwon soonyoung, filipino"
"Ms. Jonahley M. Jaucian, from the University of Santo Tomas, presents her thesis titled: Journalists in Dialogue: L "
"You're so white! Filipino are black  sabi nung chekwa kong player  GRABE SYA MAKABLACK SA MGA PILIPINO "
"Some autistic Filipino dude has been sitting across from me all day, &amp; all he does is talk to himself. Worse, when "
"Palibhasa tapos na namin Filipino Panay tambay na whahah"
"Yung filipino na nga lang nagchcheat kapa. Hahahahahahaha kalma bes"
"Ikaw at ako tayo ay filipino."
"Filipino who walked around nude: MMHA recommends psychiatric assessment://t.co/NwRFNx9sST "
"This is so heartbreaking... Good luck, kids! We're praying for your bright future... "
"I told M.A.'s uncle I dated someone Filipino and he freaking asked if I like Filipino Girls or boys, too! LOL. Why "
"Yo these Filipino films are so corny, &amp; cheesy. &amp; they really have the old school Filipino parents fit the stereoty "
"and yet they say support local, take the time to actually listen to Filipino Hiphop and you'd see how worldclass "
"The Comprehensive Field Guide to Filipino Bread "
" Ate Ice, parang filipino expats/ofw vlog daw parang ibat iba ata mga taong magfefeature hahahaha #artistalevelz"
"Did the term dambuhala in Filipino was derived from Dumbo because he was, well, dumbuhala? #RandomThoughtAt230AM"
"Tomorrow is a new day"
" :   Showing in your neck of the woods tomorrow. Worth your time and money...let's support quality Filipin"
"Okay lang manuod ng Filipino rom-coms, sis. "
"Toxic Filipino Culture #2: mga social at family gatherings asahan mong OA at may pasobrang yabang ang mga matata "
" I didnt know you a filipino lmfao"
" Let the Filipino People be your power. REMIND the druglords in Malaca na malapit na silang sipain ng t "
"NCCA, DA debut Filipino Food Month festivity this April #filipinofoodmonth"
"Yesssss let support Filipino authors! #ROMANCECLASS #ALDUBxADN193rdWeeksary "
" : Well, since wala akong Soundcloud and you guys seem to like video games, check out the first Filipino-made online competit"
"JK Rowling reveals that the first step is to discover and understand the Lifestyle Influence of Hallyu Wave of the Filipino Youth "
"Honestly I want to have a Filipino mans baby."
" : Your no. 1 choice can't even speak straight Filipino sentences. "
" : Create ideas.  innovation. impact! your future as we take our Filipino Ingenuity to the Next Level"
" This!!! I realized this, I have started figuring out my D&amp;D setting, based off my cultural/modern experience "
" I don't even know if we have a sperm bank. A lot of Filipino culture is but it's better if it's from y "
" it the filipino genes fuck you"
"Nakasurvive pa akong Filipino "
"kahit kelan talaga filipino time dito sa ABE"
"#SunStarViews was the last time you had regrets? What was the context of your regret?  is the Filipino "
"Lets support filipino film. #EerieAsianInvasion "
" : If you have nothing to do and wanna read something, #romanceclass is the way to go. Support Filipino authors!  Also, 2"
" : Filipino rap is unique, I have to admit haha, maraming magagaling na artists na kelangan bigyang pansin, kelangan lang ng iba"
"anong languages yung fluent ka?  Di naman sa fluent pero i can speak japanese, english and filipino haha "
"Guevarra's by Chef Laudico | Filipino buffet restaurant | w/ Mikey Busto... "
"Getting ready for Saturday's Golf  Tournament  sponsored by Maui Filipino Chamber of Commerce Foundation.   Sold ou "
" was forced to sell my body in a Hong Kong bar: a Filipino experience of trafficking, prostitution "
" Cheska, October 7, Minghao, Mingyu,Dk , Filipino "
"I am not a fan of videoke. wala pa ako sa keto diet, I don't enjoy rice. respect religions as part of cultu "
"Viet boys &gt; filipino boys  "
" : When Corregidor and Bataan fell in 1942, there were 11 US Navy nurses and 66 Army nurses who were captured along with"
"Dijud ko ganhan diko tawgon ug ate sa mas manghud nako bay especially bitaw if wala nagdako dani and kibaw pa mu "
"Here's your first look at 's Madame Tussauds wax figure! "
"  Showing in your neck of the woods tomorrow. Worth your time and money...let's support quality "
" Filipino maid salary rm 1500. Haha"
" karemember ko nga filipino time and nagpresent ka, buang2x. naa pay lipstick."
"#MissUniverse 2015 Pia Wurtzbach gamely poses for photos with her Madame Tussauds wax figure in Mandaluyong on Thur "
"Transpiring the Rebirth of Today's Filipino Youth through Social Media Upshots and Etiquette#KuyaJikAtSBC"
"MY FRIEND SAID RINI IS A FILIPINO JUNGKOOK WHDUWHSH WHAT "
"   Ladies, let's start our mission to support QUALITY Filipino movies by watching Eerie "
"i wanna binge watch filipino movies ahhhhh"
"I sincerely wish President Duterte good health on his birthday so that he may live long enough to be brought to jus "
"who is jelai and why are my filipino friends talking about him"
" Tigilan na nya ang pagmumura at pagpatol sa mga walang kwentang tsismis at issues and instead focus on the "
"   My argument is about having a sharp contrast between Narda, a Filipino and Darna "
" : i love how every filipino nctzen i know considers jaemin as the ultimate jowable person and the jowa na ipapakilala mo kay m"
"#MissUniverse2015 Pia Wurtzbach is the first Filipino to get a wax figure from Madame Tussauds!  "
"english or filipino poem? hmmmm helpppp"
"parang gusto ko makakita ng ganito sa filipino HAHAHAHAHA :,&lt; "
"When Corregidor and Bataan fell in 1942, there were 11 US Navy nurses and 66 Army nurses who were captured along wi "
"anong filipino term ng bahaw man? hahahahaha kalisod ba "
" : This is getting out of hand though. Only WHITE separatism? Will Facebook allow other separatists to have a platform? Or ju"
" WE LOVE YOU!!! FROM FILIPINO ARMYS (PHILIPPINES)"
" : MNL48 KAY: Kaede Ishiyama: 19: November 10, 1999 JP/Pinay optimistic leader of MNL48 Team L Captai"
"what's your major?nursingOHHH, so you're Filipino? "
"eu amo tweet filipino na tl, come em ingl e eu to entendendo tudo bonitinho da de repente muda o idioma e eu fico que"
"I appreciate all songs pero maka-OPM talaga ako. I love listening to the songs of Callalily, The Juans, December Av "
"help out a dumb btch pls what's the filipino translation for painting? as in mona lisa painting"
" Imma give them a headsup kasi minsan I start the sentence in English tapos pag tinamad na ko Filipino LOL"
" : ()()() &amp; English Hotline for PWH today 4pm. #charmjapan "
"Nac-cute'an ako dun sa Principal ng school namin na half Chinese ,half Filipino tapos bumili sa tindahan n' sabi ni "
"posting/sharing a viral film review does not validate your self as a good critic of Filipino films pwedeng  "
"One of the vloggers I have the utmost respect is /Kulas/Kyle. He vlogs that there is more to the P "
" : done watching #Eerie shuta panuorin nyo!!!! hindi sya yung typical filipino horror movie swear! from cinematography to"
"just watched eerie and i gotta say this... THE BEST FILIPINO HORROR FILM SO FAR "
"pag nanonood ako ng Filipino movie, di ko maintindihan bakit yung mayayaman pag nag-bebreakfast yung tasty nakalaga "
"Can my filipino neighbors be anymore fucking loud and obnoxious at 11 at night? LETS FIND OUT EH"
"Guys may problema ako,, ano ba ang sbeve na sinasabi niyo??? nakita ko lng sa fb at d ko sya alam,, sabi nung nag "
" : Akala mo Dalagang Filipina, Dalagang Filipino pala "
"Last prom someone asked me to dance. : Where are going to study for Senior HS? (in Filipino) : In Ateneo ( "
"In the #Philippines, the cost of living is much lower than the developed world. This doesn necessarily mean the s "
"They might not be Filipino, but they believed in the country. [via Esquire Philippines] "
"Four-In-One Cassava Cake Recipe* * Cassava Cake Recipes (Home Business) * *-based business idea: How to make "
"Craving Filipino soup "
" : HAPPENING: Luis is now teaching our participants on how to make our favorite classic filipino sweets - Polvoron. #LetsGoSaNe"
" finally unveils her wax figure for Madame Tussauds. She is the first ever Filipino wax figure at Mada "
" HAHAHA I filipino it would be a bad choice if anyone tried to get w me"
"BAYOLANG FILIPINO YEAH! HAHAHHAHHAHA #CHALLENGEACCEPTED "
"Dapat mas ma-recognize ang Filipino pink films na isa sa mga nagsulong at nag-radicalize ng Filipino independent fi "
" I'm spitting out my coffee because that's obviously Tagalog/Filipino and part says want babies but t "
" : lagi kaming di bati ng 9-matthew pero sumaya aq sa last day with them  may certificate pa na best filipino teacher daw"
" : LATEST SURVEY NG ORDINARYONG FILIPINO: 1-Marcos,2-Go,3-Chong,4-Gadon,5-Bato,6-Villar,7-Manicad,8-Tolentino,9-Angara,10"
"I will never understand how much Filipino shows LOVE close up shots. I mean it not even a dramatic scene, yet the "
"Upon a handful of requests, don't usually post smiling headshots , but here ya go. #actor #asianactor #filipino "
"Batch 2 for the Filipino Brand of Service rolled out for the Province of Samar. The roll out is intended for the Pe "
"LIVE: Filipino Internet Sensation Mikey Bustos with #GoodNewsPilipinasxMikeyBustos "
"Happy Birthday Mr. President! We are always behind you because you are the best that ever happened to the Filipino "
"Via  Antonio Spurs honor 103-year-old Filipino WWII veteran "
" : MMDA ALE: Vehicular accident at Ortigas Club Filipino WB involving AUV and car as of 1:41 PM. 1 lane occupied. MMDA on site. #m"
"  HAHAHAHHA OMG DON'T LIKE FB MUCH THAT THOUG THERE ARE SO MANY FILIPINO TOXICS"
"filipino nalang jud ang i consult yieeee"
"ang daming magagandang pelikula na hanggang maynila lang ipinapalabas kaya hindi mapanood ng mga nasa probinsya. mi "
"Some filipino movies shamelessly have product placements that it seems like an hour-long ad "
"i am a lot prouder of my identity as a filipina and so happy to be joining more filipino orgs like the one in stockton n sf!"
"My takeaways for today:. It important to dig deeper on your Filipino Heritage. . That our heritage is so ric "
" : Great job, #JejVinson!  #TheVoice ://t.co/c0d49EkQ7w"
" : does every filipino mom talk to themselves when they mad or is it just my mom"
"LIVE: Filipino Internet Sensation Mikey Bustos with #GoodNewsPilipinasxMikeyBustos "
"The oppression of Rappler &amp; Maria Ressa by Prez Duterte reminds me of a Filipino saying  sundalong Pilipino, ka "
"Random tweets to ease anxiety: films are a given, but my fave mainstream Filipino films are Tuhog and The "
"MMDA ALE: Vehicular accident at Ortigas Club Filipino WB involving AUV and car as of 1:41 PM. 1 lane occupied. MMDA on site. #mmda"
"the most dangerous game to play : Filipino Boys smh "
"Kinky asian nurse gets a hardcore pounding #Asian, asian, ass, big dick, big tits, blowjob, "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"Filipino-American Pilot Without Arms Defies All Odds by Flying with Her Feet "
"  LOL! I should have just brought him to meet the FAM. was honestly still shocked, I had kno "
"angelo is the funniest person I ever met that the reason I dating him cuz I couldn pass up the opportunity "
" : Toxic Filipino traits:  di pa sinisingil, ang tapang. Nung singilan na, di na macontact.  na may utang, siya pa g"
" Social Face 2019 - Nominee #4: KISSABLE LIPS: Labi palang ulam na may submit your entries o "
"i want a filipino knife but im afraid ill result with no fucking finger"
"Time for another adventure.  ://t.co/ykUoQPZRN3  #tagalogtravels #beach #travel #biyahe #lakbay #tagalog "
"Partition For FILIPINO at Abu Dhabi Classifieds. "
" I sad to say its the crab mentality of filipino talaga, ang hilain pababa ang taong nasa taas, yan "
"Palace hit for downplaying Chinese 'harassment' of Filipino fishermen "
"    EXPECTATION: We support any action that seeks to protect and v "
"LIVE: Filipino Internet Sensation Mikey Bustos on #GoodNewsPilipinasxMikeyBustos "
"and by diversity, more morena/moreno actors. actors coming from different ethnic groups. if it were like this, fili "
"me: pa, I feel like I sound like those  salle kids stereotypes when I speak either English or Filipino... d "
"Any plans on dating Filipino guys again?  nah, i have a boyfriend :)) "
"we checking our filipino test and im wondering if the person checking my paper thinks im dumb as fuck"
"Here's an exciting upcoming book - It's Hard to be a Filipino in Hebrew "
" : Filipino movies have exactly what you want to happen and it does and i can GET ENOUGH OF IT GOSH WTF I LOVE SHES DATIN"
" : im so sorry if ur a filipino boy lol that must suck"
"()()() &amp; English Hotline for PWH today 4pm. #charmjapan "
"  Wait. I thought you're a filipino! You're language skills is incredible!"
"Hella cute guy from sf i met at vegas-- in finance, 1/2 filipino &amp; 1/2 italian. He was like FINE FINe. Crush ended "
"nakatulugan ko na naman yung filipino "
"English to Tagalog Lesson 5 : Salitang Filipino "
"Toxic Filipino traits:  di pa sinisingil, ang tapang. Nung singilan na, di na macontact.  na may utang, siya pa galit. Wow "
"U LIKE EAT | #kehaulanis #kehaulaniscafe #hawaiian #filipino #bbqporkribs #mocoloco #arrozcaldo #beefteriyaki "
" : i can believe i a filipino that isn a nurse, can dance, sing nor play ball. what a diSGRACE"
" I'm of the cast the actor who best fits the role, period, end of sentence opinion. (Filipino here, btw.)"
"yummy. everyone go 2 a filipino resto rn n order sisig"
"Feasting on Filipino Flavors at Be More Pacific "
"One of the world's leading fashion designer met his gruesome fate back in July 15, 1997 when Filipino American, And "
"I watching Filipino movies on Netflix and some of my Filipino friends really didn grow up watching Channel 2 and it shows smh."
"Filipino YouTube celebrity  will be live with #GoodNewsPilipinas "
"  Btw, I'm Filipino. I'd argue that Asians in Hollywood, even with the success of a f "
"yall i wanna know who are my fellow filipino moots bls interact or smthng,, i know of like 6 so far ADHAJDJGL"
" Rhogiline~ April 22, 2004, BSS, Filipino! ^^"
"Sooooo cool. First filipino to ever have the wax statue. Congrats Miss Pia!  "
"Rooms and Partition for filipino Nationality at Abu Dhabi Classifieds. "
" : At No.62, it's Filipino club Oqtagon. Congratulations!  #Top100Clubs "
"Isabedra, Aaron Miguel I. Master!!! Di kami close kasi di siya mahilig makipaghalubilo pero mabait naman. Ti "
"Phillip mom made kwento about him joining taekwondo... was supposed to spar with his partner but he didn mo "
"Hey , it -sit not -sit but that totes okay bc even mentioning pancit and adobo on the food "
"pulls out the 30min kdrama ep and food before cleaning my room and my mom comes in and changes it to a 2hr filipino movie and now wALA"
" I live next to one, so I better  otherwise I a failed Filipino"
"Y cant you stand for the rights of the Filipino people, hindi pageant ang sinalihan mo para maging laging neutral. "
" : Miss Universe 2015 Pia Wurtzbach () is the first Filipino to have her wax figure in Madame Tussauds ("
" : Filipino-Canadian Joyce Fedelin To Represent Canada In Miss Teen Petite International 2019 In El Salvador This April "
"#HeySayJUMP included how to say Thank you in Filipino in their pv^^ "
"Getting ready for the #samahan #annualshow #filipino #folkdance #samahan #photoshoot #headshots #little #filipina "
" : filipino woman when they pregnant:  |               | |                |                  |                    "
"filipino songs "
"TOXIC FILIPINO FAM MUCH INTERVENTIONS IN SOMEONE LIFE "
"Funny Filipino Videos Compilation . . . "
" :  Ang ganda mo   kaya napalingon tuloy si BINATANG FILIPINO.. "
"no one:  moms  their children: BAHALA KA SA BUHAY MO"
" Filipino movies  mga nakakaiyak HAHAHAHHAAHAH"
"Toxic filipino culture. Hindi mo sila pwedeng pagalitan dahil masasaktan sila. Pero pwede ka nilng ipahiya at pagal "
"WOAHHHHHH are they Filipino ???? "
"it disgusts me to see white people getting traditional filipino tattoos. especially when they just copy someone els "
" I ate at a Filipino restaurant in Dubai a couple of weeks ago which was a new experience for me as "
"#StrongIndependentWoman Thesis Defense DONE!!!!!! TYL!!!!!!  "
""
"We have a lot of filipino patients in our clinic that have lost their teeth,&amp; are now using partial dentures even a "
"#philippines #pinoy #pilipinas #filipino #travelph #itsmorefuninthephilippines #mobilephotography #travel #asia "
""
" : The Filipino Cultural Association (FCA) at the University of Maryland, College Park, invites you to our annual Philippine Cul"
"zaaaym ain't watched a filipino drama film in a while. this one got me crying and laughing. i love this live team s "
" : mga puta caption caption kayo ng mga  pilipina sa mga selfie nyo pero najejemonan kayo sa filipino rap music m"
" I love you Jimin,bts is my happiness,bts is my life,Filipino Fan is here we love you bts "
" : #HigherEd Update: ...the education system must ensure that Filipino graduates acquire relevant competencies and develop values"
" : i actually have to travel for 12 hours by bus just to go to singular tour manila, and some filipino carpenters literally"
" filipino"
"LOOK | The wait is finally over as Madame Tussauds Hong Kong just unveiled its first-ever Filipino wax figure in th "
" its just my name in filipino writing lol"
" : Filipino InSomnia were treated to amazing performances and fun ment segments from Dreamcatcher's Invitation to Nightmar"
"mga puta caption caption kayo ng mga  pilipina sa mga selfie nyo pero najejemonan kayo sa filipino rap mu "
"the wait is finally over as Madame Tussauds Hong Kong just unveiled its first ever Filipino wax figure in the form "
" Let get some Filipino food before I move. "
"10 Filipino Women Who Inspired the Philippines and the "
" un  VIDEO, aprendiendo  (Tagalog) por si vas de VIAJE a ese pa "
" the fact that they filipino disgusts me"
"  We love you bts,bts is my happiness,bts is my life,Filipino Fan is here"
" : ito actually ang criticism na pinapakita sa movie ang babae sa septic tank (watch dat!) it's a story abt filipino filmmakers"
"Legal or illegal Filipino parents still thinks its drugs "
" : notwithstanding the slightly mediocre acting performance of Ronnie... &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; any filipino horror film "
"#UgoyNgDuyanNgMagiting Filipino vocaloid. We have entered a new age HAHAHAHA ://t.co/8EWLMRYmlx"
"Mr. John Carl M. Lastierre on stage as he delivers his thesis entitled  and Now: Perceptions of  in "
"Imissyou miss ka ba? it is okay even thou you didn't miss me   wag mo ko ini-english, filipino major ako HAHA "
" I love bts so much,bts is my happiness,bts is my life,Filipino Fan is here LOVE YOU BTS"
" : #philippines #pinoy #pilipinas #filipino #travelph #itsmorefuninthephilippines #mobilephotography #travel #asia #tropical #t"
"Filipino-Canadian Joyce Fedelin To Represent Canada In Miss Teen Petite International 2019 In El Salvador This Apri "
"Under President Rodrigo Duterte's Administration, take home pays have increased through tax reform program; every F "
"Pia Wurtzbach, the first ever  Filipina  wax figure. She's the first and only Filipino to have one at Madame Tussau "
"Miss Universe Catriona Gray raises funds for abused Filipino kids "
"Buy Filipino  and you support local employment. #lovelocal "
"Dr. Marc Eric Reyes of the Department of Psychology presented his and colleagues' paper on Filipino cisgenders' att "
"  Name: Kim: November 06: Jeonghan and Seungkwan: Filipino "
"Award-winning Filipino designer . marked another milestone as the designer of the Philippine booth "
" : "
"never possible in a filipino household  gotta give my mom a month notice if i wanna go out  "
"Animations and special effects for filipino movies hasn improved yet "
"tell us concrete solutions instead, dahil di namin kailangan yang deep filipino vocabulary niyo lol"
"Award-winning Filipino designer KENNETH COBONPUE marked another milestone as the designer of the Philippine booth a "
" : YOUNG FIL AMS SAW SELVES IN THE MIRROR IN THEIR TRIP TO THE PHILIPPINES. met the young kids for the first time in thi"
"The Filipino government is now all set to crack down on the foreign visitors who end up evading taxes in the countr "
"Filipino is happy "
"Where my Filipino beanz at "
"How tf did I end up watching Filipino movies on Netflix  ay na ko."
" There hardly any Filipino restaurants anywhere at all so the only time I get to go is when I actu "
" Continue your legacy Mr. president! at unahin mong itukhang yung nga haters mo dito sa Twitter ,,,p "
" : Parishioners in shock after Filipino priest charged with rape in Pennsylvania "
" My first language is Filipino btw. I like English because it enables me to talk to different sorts of people."
"You know the third party between dara and her filipino ex bf before? Naalala ko napanood ko sya sa balita nung el "
"hi if u happen to be or know someone else who's a filipino high school student aged 15-18 studying in quezon city, "
" : Pia Wurtzbach unveils her Madame Tussauds wax figure. She's the first and only Filipino to have one at Madame Tussauds Hon"
"Pia Wurtzbach unveils her Madame Tussauds wax figure. She's the first and only Filipino to have one at Madame Tussa "
"You know my ass is high af if I so chinky that the Uber driver mistook me for being Filipino  (lol this was saved in my drafts)"
"Bet "
"A Mfa won love you and realize shit till they loose you"
"That breathtaking beauty of nature....#philippines #pinoy #pilipinas #filipino #travelph #palawan "
"Gagu yung #Eerie par, the best Philippine horror movie I've watched. Not exaggerating but I was impressed. Nakaka p "
"Miss Universe 2015 Pia Wurtzbach () is the first Filipino to have her wax figure in Madame Tussauds ( "
"Here's a glimpse of the wax figure of Miss Universe 2015 Pia Alonzo Wurtzbach by madametussaudshongkong 's th "
"Sharp ES-WP85(BL) single tub washer comes with flip-top basin. Reinventing the Filipino's traditional washing met "
"SIGN FOR A BACK TO BACK FOR #MISSUNIVERSE2019? Tussauds Hong Kong just unveiled its first ever Filipino wax "
" Ah yes Filipino bagged soda I lab it...."
"D ko alam bat natatawa ako pag may mga filipino na nag aaway sa comment ng mga idol nila"
"Ibat talaga ang Filipino."
"Watching filipino movies on netflix...  why not?"
"Bakit ba nanalo si Duterte? the midst of yellow regime, the Filipino people had enough of their pasikat and pat "
"  Nice long big cock for a Filipino"
"Filipino time nga naman "
"Yo!  will be joining Filipino AF this Friday in LA! FREE SHOW at the UCB Inner Sanctum Cafe &amp; Stage - 9: "
"Every Filipino mother calls every freakin cat  HAHAHA what is wrong with you guys"
"Old school Filipino people put plastic on everything!! "
" Punta ka dito dami filipino fudx "
" : BRUHHHHHH during the movie this little shit was staring at me over the chair  "
" : I late to the party but here it is! I a plus size half-Filipino from the US (FL)! I love cosplaying from video games &amp;"
" Yall my crib.  . Drinks and filipino movies"
" Vietnamese and Filipino weeaboos"
"#philippines #pinoy #pilipinas #filipino #travelph #itsmorefuninthephilippines #mobilephotography #travel #asia "
"   Ok i get it . U don t like her because she is filipino . I going to report u to my wife lol"
"LOOK:  2015 Pia Wurtzbach crowns herself?  poses with her Madame Tussauds wax figure at t "
" : Spotify is fed up lmao  "
" Omg ur Filipino too?"
" : Why FumiYam?  not bcos he is poor, but bcos we can relate to him. a typical Filipino who dreams and works very hard for"
"Teacher Georcelle when she sees a Filipino braised pork dish that  traditionally uses pork belly slow-cooked until "
"my mom pulled the most filipino shit on me rn now i have to bring my sister to my gala holy friCk"
"Didn't know you must be a girl to have a teddy bear toxic filipino family eww"
" It is an ilokano word not a Filipino"
" : On my TL recently I seen complaints about Filipino boys, can really blame us though. We grew up with Tito that woul"
"Filipino Escape, by Stefanie Laroussinie - #StefanieLaroussinie"
"Is there any latin-filipino tlm missal"
" ohhh that is cool, it kinda similar to the filipino words bangus bagnet that means milkfish and twice fried pork HAHA"
" : NEED MUTUALS /LIKE IF U STAN: 13   KIDS 127 U DREAM"
"  Filipino ka? ur bio said austronesian.. most Filipinos don even know what that is. "
"Can we have an event to honor our Filipino senior LGBT advocates this June? Without them, we'd be in a different place now "
"Congratulations to local artist Kristone Capistrano whose drawing 'The Sleep of Convicts' is a finalist in the 2019 "
" :  So much personality!! What a lovely redesign. Fresh material like this is sorely needed from contemporary Filipino"
"#MyPhBoy ctto 2 wide. ://t.co/pWOFV8pRLI my accounts ig/tw  fb/yt  "
"isang dalagang ...filipino. Y E A H "
"Buy Bust is, by far, the best for me. This movie made me change my opinion before that western movies are far bette "
" : A QUICK LESSON ABOUT COUNTRIES AND THEIR LANGUAGES!  = Philippines = Japan = Korea = Ka"
" lightncompmag Filipino Escape, by Stefanie Laroussinie - #StefanieLaroussinie"
"Filipino Escape, by Stefanie Laroussinie - #StefanieLaroussinie"
"retweet if youre a filipino &amp; celebrating jackson wang's birthday rather than our president dutErte  "
"how similar are we? pts - female pts - name begins with p pts - 17 this year pts - born in october "
" Hmmm clich it may sound pero wala eh. Toxic filipino culture"
"Just fresh from oven home baked Filipino Pandesal for breakfast. Yummy!  "
"maypag g ignan sad nako si maam nga masuko akong mama kung diko ma honor pareha sa g ingon sa atong sip2 sa room. N "
"really hate how the only globally known filipino is a homophobic piece is shit like filipinos deserve a better face for our country"
"Kesiokan ako ni gais belajar filipino "
"And there she goes... #PiaMadeIconic. Universe 2015  unveiled her wax figure before it goes to i "
"Miss Universe 2015 Pia Wurtzbach Official is the first Filipino to immortalize in Madame Tussauds Hong Kong where's the DIC Crown ?"
"Best in Filipino: dalagang pilipina yeah"
" lightncompmag Filipino Escape, by Stefanie Laroussinie - #StefanieLaroussinie"
" OMG it was actually  i feel like a woman but it made me feel Filipino"
" : how to fix your issues: move far away from the central valley"
"Filipino Escape, by Stefanie Laroussinie - #StefanieLaroussinie"
"Filipino Escape, by Stefanie Laroussinie - #StefanieLaroussinie"
"Filipino Escape, by Stefanie Laroussinie - #StefanieLaroussinie"
"     coz if anything, Darna the alien being channeled throug "
" I laughing. I love the Filipino in us "
"bead works from the Tboli people of Lake Sebu #tboli #lakesebu #filipino #indigenous #tribe #ethnic #filipino "
" : filipino culture is having 2 first names and going by different ones depending on the place/people"
"Pia Wurtzbach unveils her Madame Tussauds wax figure. She's the first and only Filipino to have one at Madame Tussa "
"Sa araw na ito, maaaring kumonsulta sa wikang Filipino sa telepono mula 4 pm hanggang 8 pm. #charmjapan #hotline "
" : P&amp;A Chairperson and CEO Marivic Espano was among the experts interviewed by CNN Philippines for an online article on "
" : No Filipino in their right mind should vote for Mar Roxas! (A thread for who you shouldn't vote)://t.co/wXHTzQizyg"
" : #DREAMCATCHERinMANILA  says good bye to Filipino Insomnia. We hope to see Dreamcarcher again! We'd like"
"Another mindblowing disc... ok, stop na sa indie vs mainstream films... stop giving stereotypes to them... let ju "
"Special Guest Chef  joined  In the #LumpiaLab for a special Vietnamese &amp; Filipino #Lumpia "
"Be who you are, and say what you feel. It's not being rude, it's being real.#pabebepose haha#pinoy #retweet "
" How am I just now finding out you Filipino wtf"
"Got that CRAVING for Filipino food?! Don't worry, we got you! Come build your own Combo plate or load up on our A L "
"google filipino dancer flying car. contact the guy and offer to partner with him maybe? "
" : RaStro Fanfic: rebels. - Track 09: 'Di Ba Halata by  #wattpad #celebrity #fanfiction #filipino #girlxgirl #glaizadecastr"
" Happy happy birthday to Favorite Filipino "
"RaStro Fanfic: rebels. - Track 09: 'Di Ba Halata by  #wattpad #celebrity #fanfiction #filipino #girlxgirl "
"     sorry I just backread so no need to answer some of my q "
"#philippines #pinoy #pilipinas #filipino #travelph #undergroundriver #itsmorefuninthephilippines #mobilephotography "
"i told my boyfriend i been craving lumpia so he convinced his mom to make us some  i so blessed to date a filipino"
"mama mobest in filipino HAHAHAHAHA"
"Be who you are, and say what you feel. It's not being rude, it's being real.#pabebepose haha#pinoy #retweet "
" Well do you? Answer those poor old Filipino ladies"
"Can we not canonize Filipino time? Please? Even I working my way to not subject myself to this. Really sucks to w "
" yo just looked her up and she actually filipino. abigail i haven known any filipino superheroes ( "
"Maka miss yung fliptop sa filipino."
"I also love how diverse this cast is lol Whoopi Goldberg and victor garber casually have a Filipino son"
"Half Filipino, Half Thai pero hindi mo aakalaing Filipino  tri-tripan ako Jusko HAHAHAHAHA"
"Me: Mom can i take a bath now? I haven't took a bath for two days already.: Gusto mo ba tumirik mata mo ha? Ka "
"Which is which!? Can't tell who's the real Miss Universe 2015 PIA WUZBACH . This is amazing!  wait is fi "
" : absence makes da  grow fonder lol i think our love for u got stronger cos of this. ur filipino family is always here whe"
"OK lebih 10 orang sudah ingat aku Filipino. Next pi  la hahaha"
"Filipino moms rly got that cackle down perfect"
"absence makes da  grow fonder lol i think our love for u got stronger cos of this. ur filipino family is always he "
" Haha!!! Akala ko in filipino. "
" : i danced with a filipino girl in north park last week and i need to find her."
"mas masarap manuod ng filipino films sa UP theater o kaya sa CCP kesa sa malls "
"may kakaiba talagang accent ang pag Filipino  mga taga Manila"
"filipino girls STAY winning "
" di ko trip filipino movies. hahaha"
"a rattan bracelet I got from a friend #rattan #bracelet #indigenous #filipino #ethnic #iloilo #ilostrado : Iloilo "
"Pia Wurtzbach poses with her Madame Tussauds wax figure at the unveiling event on Thursday at EDSA Shangri-La. It i "
"Pinush naman si Filipino send help and ice cream"
"Under President Rodrigo Duterte's Administration, take home pays have increased through tax reform program; every F "
"LOOK: Pia Wurtzbach poses with her Madame Tussauds wax figure at the unveiling event on Thursday at EDSA Shangri-La "
"ito actually ang criticism na pinapakita sa movie ang babae sa septic tank (watch dat!) it's a story abt filipino "
"Filipino church culture stresses me out"
"For me bet ko ang ERRIE HORROR FILIPINO MOVIE. Di ko lang alam sa inyo."
"Walang makakatalo sa apat na Reyna ng pilikulang filipino nung araw Which is Vilma Santos, Sharon Cuneta, Nora Auno "
" : . has a laundry list of European basketball teams to choose from.  are the profiles and review of each"
" Yeah that's true. BUT I also wanna get away from Filipino food and learn about other cultures/cuisin "
"Which is which!? Can't tell who's the real Miss Universe 2015 PIA WUZBACH . This is amazing!  wait is fi "
"Are we seeing double? The first filipino to have a wax figure at Madame Tussauds!  "
"another note: thread is in taglish, because i try to incorporate Filipino pop culture and such. okay, let get "
"i feel so bad for my coworker. received a 6 dollar tip, on a $560 check. what in the fuck is why we ban "
"This is #legit #awesome #af #karaoke ............#Art #FineArt #Skull #work #loveTheProcess #painter "
"I'm going to screenshot the exhibits of the toxic Filipino society. From Latin alphabets until I found more alphabe "
"  17, 2005 and SeokGyu Korean, Half Filipino"
"the filipino restaurant in mass I want to go to is open on my bday you bet im stuffing myself with that pinoy bbq in july"
"Ay nako d ko pa napapasa ung filipino ko sana d mapandin ni miss antaran hehe"
"nito bracelets I got from various ati groups around Panay island #aeta #nito #bracelet #indigenous #cultural "
" : Karma is REAL &amp; that why I don stress when certain shit happen to me "
"What am I doing, besides making pasties (empanada in Filipino speech) I mean, watching this and reading what else i "
" : Hello there! Team J's JADES has opened their FIRST and OFFICIAL instagram account. They will be giving updates and daily"
"Im coo ,"
"RONALD BORIINES Saskatoon Filipino / Pinoy Real estate agent / REALTOR "
"RONALD BORIINES Saskatoon Filipino / Pinoy Real estate agent / REALTOR "
" : there r those groups of filipino boys who r just a complete disgrace to our culture. stop stalking my friends u creeps"
"Check out these Fusion Filipino Desserts at Manam Cafe | WHERE TO EAT IN MANILA #Manila #foodie"
" kat, oct 30, hansol/jihoon, filipino"
"This medal is supposed to be only for members of Filipino units during WWII and those Americans who were officers t "
" about to unveil her Madame Tussauds wax figure. She the first Filipino to have one.  "
"filipino shows cling too damn much on sympathy to be THAT guy, but i'm so damn tired of it"
"Happy birthday to the best president of the Philippines next to Marcos! Im proud to be a Filipino that you the p "
"A PSA: you're going to use the Tagalog word NA/NAG &amp; put an English verb next to it, please for the love of all "
"Thank you, Consul General Paul Raymund Cortes and the organizers of the ConGen Cup for hosting another successful s "
"do filipino influencers deserve rights? be honest."
" : Pero bakit parang kasalanan ko? "
" Not really, I look Filipino than you in comparison lol"
"China continues building in disputed waters, while Filipino fishermen are driven out. all about the concepts "
" Sabrina 9, 01 liner (ult) &amp; Jeonghan  "
" It hard but you learn, nothing is perfectly translated especially without someone helping you. I "
"  The process of crafting 's statue started last year. Her statue is the fir "
"i literally cannot shut up about being filipino "
"My Filipino is showing but these are sooo light, crisp, and overall FRESH. The very processed ones in stores cannot "
"I wonder what the Filipino's reaction might be with the impending Chinese takeover.Go back to your own country.Stop taking our jobs."
"looked back at her retracting her hand from my bag and gave her the biggest HOY in my life in the middle of traff "
"Focus more on your business. We are a Japan-based accounting firm made up of a CPA from Japan, and Filipino account "
"Love has been an overrated topic of Filipino movies nowadays. I think its time to move on with itand focus more on "
"i just had the best idea im gonna go out and get filipino food for my bday in massachusetts then pick up an ube cak "
" I still don't really know what that is lol like does it have Filipino food? What I'm exactly is Filipino food?"
"  payment to political debt at the expense of Filipino tax payers "
" Our script sounds too formal in Filipino but it shouldn't be that formal because the characters were fighting ;-;"
"filipino bbq sounds yummy"
"para saken iba saken si obet di filipino boombay"
"netflix added even more filipino movies......i see what y are trying to do. hmph"
"Vlog is up guys go amd watch it. Click the link below Test Filipino Food in Paris!!! Bongga na!! "
"Attended our very own ANTING- ANTING VERNISSAGE (The Secret Soul of the Filipino) EXHIBITION Curated by the disting "
"Breaking the Norms: A Phenomenological Study about the Effects of Gender Stereotyping on Filipino Women. "
"filipino culture is having 2 first names and going by different ones depending on the place/people"
" Drug lords in the Philippines are more than 90% Chi/nese yet Duterte kills poor drug stricken Filipin "
"  Pia's wax statue is the first Filipino statue that will be displayed in Hong Kong. The "
"  My wife is a filipino. Still haven't gotten her to stop wiping her ass on the carpet"
" : "
" Pat. May 6, 1997, Wonu, Filipino."
"Filipino Friends Liana Romulo, Corazon Dandan-Albano #bestseller #readmore #indiebookstore #bookaddict"
"Ight Filipino girls winning"
"Assassin. Asawa. Ina. Simula na ng paghihiganti ni MARIA. the latest Filipino action film, starring Cristine "
"I asked my twin to guess  ethnicities. Here her guesses: or British"
"  I got mistaken for Winona Ryder the other day by a Filipino guy. Was asked when the n "
" Not my fam, but then we three generations Filipino, and super Westernised to boot. They can sup "
"filipino mean girls in dramas are the WORST"
"a Maruyog Charm bracelet from the Ati of Guimaras Island #aeta #indigenous #charm #bracelet #cultural #filipino "
" BUT PRETTY MUCH IT'S A FILIPINO MONSTER THAT'S A LADY THAT LOSES THE LOWER HALF OF HER BODY AND SPROUTS W "
"my senti ass is now obsessed with filipino movies"
"dalaghang filipino  "
"Yawa. Wala ko kabalo asa ko nag kuwang sa Filipino namo. Pero nganong na 78 kos 3rd Grading oy?  halos quizzes per "
"that feeling when a non filipino says charot .... i'm so proud hahahaha "
" Filipino food this week??"
"HOLY CRAP WHAT A STREAM. made burritos (her specialty!) and cheesecake in the rice cooker.  Big Thanks to "
"What your ethnicity?  I Filipino  "
"toxic filipino culture  "
"A simple smile. That's the start of opening your heart and being compassionate to others.- Dalai Lama#pinoy "
" : A modern Filipino movie:  said  dito real quick and then he halika dito  "
" LMAO I was hoping a Filipino would catch this. I actually watched S1 last year because of the title, "
"No I not. I Filipino. "
" LOL, that is quite a common Filipino nickname no? , my nickname got so prevalent (and I got used t "
" Our script in English is much shorter than our script in Filipino because there are certain words in e "
"pre ww1 american troops were stationed in mindanao to stop moro's slaughtering filipino's moro's had them terrified "
"best bbq is filipino bbq!"
"They make a filipino born in the US "
"big time rush boyfriend but in a Filipino accent"
"  So basically the HYYH notes were used to wipe their dog's butt after their dog pooped. (I might "
"How funny that almost all the youth in Philippines do not give a damn about what's happening in our country. Why ca "
"Miss my Filipino fams"
" : think filipino journos would cover hitler's birthday?, they totally would. they'd also have the incredibly fun 'W"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
"my filipino brother &amp; dad does not say  the radio soft instead they said  the radio slow"
"SAJ Carpio, 1 of the few decorated magistrates bypassed as a Chief Filipino people are grateful as you rele "
"Konsultasyon sa telepono sa iba ibang wika [Filipino]:00 ~ 8:00 p.m.  Ingles at Filipino-6354-5901://t.co/DGFBTf9LsX"
"done filipino "
"Filipinoes on board: kaya lahi neto? filipino ba to? mukang indian(right in front of me) : filipino po ako "
"Toyo Eatery, led by Chef Jordy Navarra, was the only Filipino restaurant (and the only Filipino entry) to be featur "
"Happy Happy Birthday Tatay Digong! May our lord give you more strength and many more years of healthy life...the fi "
"English school in Japan with Filipino teacher "
"A que edad se enteraron que tanga quiere decir est en filipino? tanga hpta!"
" : My son is so proud to be Filipino. He really wants to play for the Filipino national team one day. He's extremely, extremel"
" Thanks! She the perfect mongrel- Chinese, Filipino, Spanish from me, Scottish and Dutch from my h "
" ice, march 17, / ot13, filipino"
" : Listen to Still Spinning's podcast w/ ! He discusses his new work Homebound/Alaala, which explores his Fili"
" : Watch   Latino horizons  "
" companies target $2.6 trillion halal industry  &amp; more in #Philippines morning #news for March 28 via "
"Chairman Jos Maria Sison: The Filipino people revolutionary armed struggle for national and social liberation in "
"Me when all my Filipino friends gossip about putis in Tagalog &amp; I don understand what they saying: "
"*scrolling through yt*  another foreigner reacting to filipino music, so that it folks Filipinos are "
"i danced with a filipino girl in north park last week and i need to find her."
" Sam, November 22, Hansol and Woozi , Filipino "
" May, July 5, 2002, Hansol, Filipino"
"The kind of thinking Filipino Society needs: "
"Had a little double feature on Filipino films with my parents tonight... First of all, First Love definitely surpri "
"Guys tbh nagugulat akong may influencers pa pala sa Filipino Twitter. I thought their hype died back in 2014 LOL"
" : What if ginawang Filipino culture themed ang grad ball? Filipi and Barongs will be showcase. What if lang naman"
"I had this dream last night that I got married and my wedding dress was hideous AF, so earlier this morning I was l "
" : imbes na i-bash tangkilikin at ipagmalaki hindi man tayo kagalingan sa pag-edit, wala man tayong budget, korni man sa tin"
"she just doesn't think that my laundry meets the standards of a filipino women YOOO BOO I CAN RELATE  "
"God save the filipino music scene. "
"A modern Filipino movie:  said  dito real quick and then he halika dito  "
" tengo que ser yo la que te defiende del bocachico filipino ese "
" My Filipino husband does not agree with me either..."
"RIP ulit sa Filipino ko."
"Hello to all NY Filipino fans  we are inviting you all to watch this amazing LAKORN which is The Crown Princess  "
" My Filipino family/relatives are half and half with that shit, and there are valid points on the overr "
"Well, since wala akong Soundcloud and you guys seem to like video games, check out the first Filipino-made online c "
"I checked in at Big Boi Filipino on #Yelp "
" exactly... because in the end its the Filipino people who either prospers or suffers from the consequen "
" : I salute you! I believe God is watching us. At lahat ng bagay ay may kataposan.  will end becouse million of F"
" : The National Commission for Culture and the Arts (NCCA) is inviting Filipino researchers to submit papers related to a wi"
"ok a filipino prince and brandy as cinderella why am i only seeing this now "
" ariane / 0506 / soonhoonhao / filipino"
" started as just a game... in the mid 2000s.  The #FilipinoCanadianBasketballLeagueYukon has become a central h "
"He also thinks I filipino/Mexican.. OH and my name is Betty. Little guys imagination is WILD  "
":I love your Filipino accent, say it again.: Bulpin"
"Filipinos Glocalization of TV Ads: A Multimodal Discourse Analysis of Globalization and Cultural Identity in Filip "
" Alisoon, dec.72002, Seokmin, Filipino"
" : ewan ko ha pero witnessing a tv program uplifting a filipino indigenous culture like the beautiful badjaos is so heartwarming"
"a: kwen englisha sa be: unsa: identify the rate of unemployed filipino workers which can cause advantages or di "
"ow right 70 sa filipino"
"While doing inventory w/ my non-Filipino co-workers: wan, tu, tri, por, wanpayb : why do u count like that? "
" May his Fentanyl meds become useless so he can feel the pain of the 29,000 ejk victims and the suff "
" : kaybaw ka naas akong tula sa filipino nga ganahan ko ikasal tang duha human gikataw an kong mam figues "
"Ibinabagsak nyo pa nga yung Filipino magko-korean pa kayo?Jusko! Baybayin nalang ituro para maiba naman. s "
"Why are Linda Sombrero stans so pressed about the colorism issue? Literally nobody's attacking her, just addressing "
" :   Ahahahaha ganyang yung unang dalagang filipina version ni  sa popssss ang"
" jes, dec 04, woncheol, filipino "
"Komforme mga sinagot ko sa filipino :(("
" Pau, 05-01, Jihoon, Filipino"
"Happy 74th Birthday President Duterte!!!  Bless, Long life and Great health! Prayers for you &amp; family and gov "
" : Filipino food was just designed to kill us slowly huh"
" : Yesterday could have been uncomfortable for me but it turned out so much fun. #ThankYou  justin_dj "
"Best in Filipino?? HAHAHA Mali-Mali nga Grammar ey"
"I ain had longanisa in years and I had it last night and today. I miss Filipino food"
"pero ang pinaka legendary jud namo nga sayaw is katong sa filipino bay HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA nangaunsa jud me ato."
" : Hallo I'm Anna!! I'm a Filipino illustrator interested in drawing things about women, mental health, and the internet  #Vi"
" : the thing that you must always portray the image of a perfect family is so damaging and encourages the normalization of t"
"This is still in connection to allegations that Rappler is not 100% Filipino owned, something the news website has "
"Great job, #JejVinson!  #TheVoice ://t.co/c0d49EkQ7w"
" Hindi po ako nagmamarunong. I was at the 2-day summit, hearing the cries of our Filipino fishermen. I "
"indie filipino films should be played more often in local cinemas hindi lang sa manila !1!! (and more film fests sh "
" these are masterpieces and your dad thought of them as trashes im................ some filipino parents really :'("
" : Di porket indie film, maganda na at artistic. Iba, poverty porn lang na gusto makalaban sa Cannes. Wala naman pake sa dapat"
" Avo as a character from my comic as far as I've figured was and still is cis, though that may change. A "
"NCCA, Department of Agriculture debut #FilipinoFoodMonth festivity this April "
"PINOYS TO THE WORLD Celebration of Filipino Musical Artistry The Philippine Montessori Center Instrum "
"MISTERYOZA LIVE! with Paco Arespacochaga and Vic Carpio of INTROVOYS! Hbom first release under Neo Records in 1995 "
" Filipino  sabado pa science gaga HAHAHAH"
"Women are the heroes today on MAESTRO FILIPINO (Sat 1200). Sopranos Myramae Meneses and Stefanie Quintin discuss Yo "
"A lot of Filipinos can sing and I that ONE Filipino that can"
" : Filipino guys viet girls                                Fall in love"
"  having the idea that the Filipino's natural skintone and features presented in a superh "
"A migrant rights group called for the repeal of a law that requires overseas Filipino workers to cough up a monthly "
"SAN FRANCISCO / BAY AREA we partnered with  for a series of pop-ups and a food crawl highlighting "
"something about filipino food makes me wanna eat with my hands idk man"
" : Still! Sobrang creepy ~ Parang ayoko mag cr ` HAHA! Watched eerie yong kaka-kilabot mo palang kikilabutan ka nanaman agad!!..."
"Yesterday could have been uncomfortable for me but it turned out so much fun. #ThankYou  justin_dj "
"  DecayedPencil has a good point, though, that we can help change the perception of what "
" : Dark secret behind social media sites:  laments over working conditions of Filipino content moderators ht"
"Sis I don't care if my grammar is wrong! I'm FILIPINO and its understandable. Hmm"
"Filipino actor Migo Adecer was released from detention after posting bail in connection with a hit-and-run incident "
"abs cbn released the filipino dubbed rush hour 3 and even dubbed the bloopers hahaha"
"NO to BACTERIA and GERMS!! - Bato - Angara - Cayetano - Tolentino - Enrile, Estrada,  - Revilla   - "
"3 national scientists, dean of filipino librarians father of ophthalmology politicians group of "
"gagu amber, 20 mins filipino hahahaha"
"  a mixed race Darna would be an interesting story to tell, yeah. 'm not making being "
"Morgana Von Amour: 17: French-Filipino: 162cm#original #originalcharacter #LoveshireArt "
"filipino shark attack"
"Dark secret behind social media sites:  laments over working conditions of Filipino content moderato "
"kaybaw ka naas akong tula sa filipino nga ganahan ko ikasal tang duha human gikataw an kong mam figues "
" : Toxic Filipino Culture~ Kahit anong galing mo di pa rin maiiwasan ikumpara ka sa iba."
"   Buti fumiya magaling na magtagalog kahit walang dugo Filipino  si Andrei ka "
" : Just voted for  to be the new vocalist of the band  not because he's half Filipino and"
"you hear that noise coming from construction work? that's the sound of filipino citizens who work all day everyday, "
"Are you really a Filipino?  OO NAMAN AHSHAKSHAKSA "
"BE TRAINED BY #KAPI! #KidsActsPhilippines is the premier children's theater company in the Philippines, founded by "
"I'm not gonna lie I want some more of that Filipino food"
" : One day, I had 5 Filipino patients. Every single one of them had extremely high BP. One of them being 200/100something. W"
" : Why are Filipino moms so fuckin O MOTHAFUCKIN A !!!!!!!!!!"
" be a statesman, a public servant and a patriotic Filipino, that's all I want to see from you."
" Does getting dragged by colleagues for including two women and a Filipino man in our 6-person department count?"
" : types of bust downs thotiana has to deal with "
"Just voted for  to be the new vocalist of the band  not because he's half Filipino a "
"2 kinds of filipino"
"  Ahahahaha ganyang yung unang dalagang filipina version ni  sa popssss "
" Filipino dude build one on his own. Find him Kyxz Mendoza in youtube"
" : If yo kids bullying my kids ima beat yo ass "
"Sabi ko nga sa mga kasama ko sa lahat ng napanood kong filipino horror movie so far sa movie na to ako pinakanatako "
"Mga filipino talaga ang tataba ng mga utak nila HAHAHAHAHA kahit malungkot ka gagawa parin sila ng nakakatawa ng vi "
"i love a filipino friendship  "
" : I love Dogs more than people... No contest."
"Ahhh ang daming Filipino Aroha my heart is happy huhuhu #ASTRO #   #Aroha "
"One Skillet Filipino Coconut Adobo Chicken "
"buti pa sa filipino mataas ako jusko yaw ko na"
"Even if I was textin a nigga how could you possibly be mad and you do the shit you do.  na g ."
"Mfs are beyond fried Mfs text bitches all day , especially when I not around but now that I Tranna get some wee "
" : [ATTENTION TO JADES]  I R I N G:  Admin Admin Admin  AIST  dm if int"
" : K's upcoming shows: 5 - Isabela 9 - Casino Filipino Tagaytay 13 - Casino Filipino Manila Bay"
"First day of comprehensive exams and you can leave it up to the Filipino students to bring something from their dev "
"Kahirap namang isalin sa Filipino ng kantang English."
"just watched  perfect you for the first time .k.a the first filipino film na iniyakan ko :("
" Omg~ bigla ko naisip, ang hirap pala ituro ng Filipino "
"BE TRAINED BY #KAPI! #KidsActsPhilippines is the premier children's theater company in the Philippines, founded by "
" :  I am a brown person of Filipino and Venezuelan heritage, I am proudly Canadian, I support  and I am a card"
"Nakakahighblood my gadd hahaha being pretty is not a personality I agree! But being well educated is not being well "
" Just asking lana are a filipino?"
"10 daw magsisimula tangina filipino time tayo dito mga ulol"
"i wish san diego had some quality taho. such an underrated filipino delicacy"
"From the creativity of a true Filipino's poetic heart comes #SolidongUrbanan by jobertlachica!  a taste of the "
"soo proud of this...don't know if endorser sila sa amin sa Filipino Homes being sales agent sa Leuterio Brokerage a "
" : Today's Transfer Rate:0.05968(1AED INR 16.75)      Rupee=26.98      Peso=12.31      Lankan=35.57"
"8 - Kirk Hammett is there to say? He's an amazing guitarist and perhaps might be one of the best in the world. "
" : Filipino Beliebers!!! Justin Bieber's stadium merch are on sale at H&amp;M stores. "
"hello filipino mutuals i learned about philippine english in class today uwu "
"Spending the last hour as a 23 y/o researching Filipino-American Catholicism. I'm silently noting that beautiful st "
" Ang ganda mo   kaya napalingon tuloy si BINATANG FILIPINO.. "
"Btw, I am super honored to have been part of the recent Filipino food ep ("
"#tapegang #lines #angles #crown ...........#Art #FineArt #Skull #work #loveTheProcess #painter #nyc #ny "
"nevermind i'll be filipino"
"They were performing under pressure, but this Filipino dance team rocked so hard that they got the official Queen s "
"Beef Bulalo Recipe by #PinoyRecipeAtIbaPa://t.co/Oqi14E1nfd.#FilipinoRecipes #PinoyRecipes "
"Balete City: The Video Game is a one-of-a-kind Filipino-themed 3D fantasy game that based on Philippine culture, "
"Filipino films are not corny!!!! "
"LUMPIA IS SO GOOD. THANK YOU MY BEAUTIFUL FILIPINO PEOPLE"
"*discussion sa FILIPINO*: Anong meron sa alak?: pampatulog maam: edi sana lumaklak ka nalang ng marami "
"# : #HigherEd Update: The PhilFrance Scholarship is a French government scholarship directed to Filipino "
"The next few months are gunna be the best months of my life. Mark. My. Words."
"i love how every filipino nctzen i know considers jaemin as the ultimate jowable person and the jowa na ipapakilala "
"That why I won do it no more "
"  Whoa thats not acceptable its disrespectful to every Filipino woman who are strong independent and resilient women."
"Filipino indie beauty brands are slaying the local makeup game. "
"     Dear Amnesty please remember that you are not a Fi "
"Attention all those looking for internships! are looking to hire team members vested in our #GoNegosyo advocacy "
"I feel like filipino moms want you to be single forever"
"And I ain tripping fr  when I finally get to have fun , and hang with people everyday and not have to do shi "
"how do you navigate questions surrounding authentic identity when there is no such thing as being authentically "
"no one replies to me anyway but if you didn know i was filipino, where would you have thought i came from?  "
"Dinner was wild AF tonight. Eating Filipino American cuisine with our hands on a banana leaf table.  wa "
" *filipino Mom #iaintready "
"I think imma get use to being alone , sleeping alone , and comforting myself"
"Fuckin filipino making me cry while washing the dishes, now I washing these dishes with my tears instead of soap"
"Maid held for feeding baby milk mixed with urine - A Filipino domestic worker has been arrested and detained at a l "
"shet ganda pa rin ng scene nung hinabol ni Belinda si Jackson sa kotse tas biglang nanahimik tas narinig mo na lang "
" We made Airplanereferences last week and had to explain to a co-worker. She's Filipino but has be "
" : filipino nctzens please unmute, watch 'til the end!!! "
"and being a kid, you were always in a constant state of both belonging and not belonging -- not being Canadian en "
" Que ese se le ofrezca disculpas al gobierno filipino por robarse una de sus momias"
"Because Filipino mentality sucks "
" : jae ending ment abt how filipino singers inspired him to be a singer warmed my heart :( thank u so much  "
"mp100 au where the kageyamas, tome, serizawa, and shimazaki are mixed filipino"
"how similar are we? pts - female pts - name begins with j pts - 18 pts - plays volleyball  pts - sc "
"98% of the Filipino population can actually sing. Unfortunately, I part of the 2% who can."
"Diwata 1 is the first filipino microsatellite! #proudpinoy "
"#MyPhBoy ctto  wide. ://t.co/pWOFV8pRLI my accounts ig/tw  fb/yt  "
"One of my favorite Filipino dishes. Home cooked Kare-Kare! #filipino #food "
"sige filipino ako kaya filipino songs lang pwede oSiGE"
" : I just gotta say that #Ulan is one of the few Filipino movies I've watched in the recent years that left me completely satis"
"IF YOU'RE A FILIPINO WAENG AND YOU'RE NOT TALKING TO ME...  GANDA KA? HAHAHAHAHA!! KAUSAPIN NYO KO JUSKO"
"About our Food (in response to Filipino food being one of the least liked in the world) "
"Whats your major?Nursing... It's because you're Filipino huh. Are your parents making you do it? "
"Why the Spaniards Feared Marcelo H. Del Pilar More Than They Did Jose Rizal #Esquiremag.ph via "
"P&amp;A Chairperson and CEO Marivic Espano was among the experts interviewed by CNN Philippines for an online article o "
"  racist (anti-brown ppl is what they said) from a New Zealander.....I female &amp; half Filipino"
"I really don care no more"
" it kinda looks like a Filipino dish...! nagugutom na ako! &gt;:("
" ;;  name: Mitchelle Angelo H. Torres : Mitch, Mitchy: 28: May 2nd: "
" : nangangamoy bagsak sa filipino ha"
" : Ulan (dir. Villamor, 2019)- ang amazing ng supernatural elements and Filipino superstitions in the film!!!!- ganda n"
"40. I'm a Filipino!#ASTRO #  "
"think filipino journos would cover hitler's birthday?, they totally would. they'd also have the incredibly fun "
" Where did you get some of the snippets  are you filipino?"
"Filipino kung libro purokit"
"    I do wonder about if the stone transforms her into the alien, or if "
" plan de gasto en infraestructuras (Build Build Build) propuesto por el gobierno filipino para el a 2019 se "
" Thank you too konsehal many Filipino love Alakdan..God bless to your next endeavor..love you so much."
"I thought it's an asian thing coz i'm filipino. And i think asian countiries advertise milk drinks to every age dem "
"#CitizenServices is the Filipino access to diverse information on civil registration, passport application, and o "
" I Filipino and it took me a good 5 minutes to figure out the joke"
" : Every Filipino knows about this one  "
" THE ONLY FILIPINO LESSON WE APPROVE"
"MA FILIPINO: AMBOT COES UNSA IHATAG NAKO NA GRADO SA IMUHA. "
"Cx: What is you nationality?:Oh, I'm a Filipino.:Wow, you're a FILIPINA GIRL. : Hahahaha. Yes, I am. "
"When is Subtle Asian Traits gonna change their name to Subtle Chinese Traits  lol while you here, there is "
" Koby is lowkey the Filipino Tyson Beckford"
" Filipino niggas with jean jackets bout to flood your shit"
"FOUR SISTERS AND A WEDDING IS THE GOD-TIER MAINSTREAM FILIPINO MOVIE. than that, indie films pa rin! pls sup "
" Has  commented on the disturbing video?  comes to mind is a gesture of a Filipino "
"I'm back to watching the Filipino movie, 'Starting Over Again' and I just love the two main characters.  Why do we "
"  Du30 private AFP will always defend him no matter what to the extent of lying. They ar "
"Filipino na lang tapos uwian naaaaa"
"the thing that you must always portray the image of a perfect family is so damaging and encourages the normalizatio "
"Oh my ghaaaad!!!! You killed it Joonie! The lyrics are so powerful! Another song that defines our lives! Huhuhu. I' "
"I feel Grey Anatomy would be more accurate if there was at least one Filipino nurse, I mean ask  "
"Portuguese Stick Fighting finds Revival within Filipino Martial Arts. The Revival of Jogo de pau "
"    there is a contrast, I feel, just trying to understand, and hope "
"it has come to a point where pinoys dont even realise im filipino and chinese tourists come to me speaking in strai "
"Every Filipino knows about this one  "
"Last night my friend was goofing off, saying he'll use a straw to eat sisig (filipino dish) and btch i was so surpr "
"Filipino comedy formula:. Babatukan Ang ulo Ng Isa paulit ulit para masabing makulit. Sabay kamot ulo. Sarcast "
"4 sisters and a wedding is such a great Filipino movie omg."
" are certainly blessed and privileged to have someone as dedicated as President Duterte as the captain of our sh "
" : i wish i had more filipino friends :("
"so ayu  nga midterm na mamaya sa Filipino  nalang nakagawa ako ng reviewer"
"Philadelphia SNAP Leader Mike McDonnell says the history of the case and how the archdiocese has reacted, raises re "
" Dude I don know. My friend Robbie used to work at the Goldie locks in VJO and he said they were the 2 big "
" : If I were one of those game characters in a post apocalyptic filipino setting, I want my main outfit to consist of a malo"
"Still so upset the closest Filipino restaurant is in Edinburgh. I just want halo-halo "
"Interesting observation: The manner by w/c Filipino women are bashed on socmed by fellow Filipinos is reminiscent o "
"oh no they just came out with purple yam and i filipino and now i have to play"
"#TeamWork with Filipino Homes! Congratulations boss Anthony Orais Leuterio and all our FilipinoHomes partners! "
"quaking in Filipino "
" nagmalas gamin nga subject awan met importance nat biag ti filipino students haha"
"Hey  here in the Philippines abortion is a big NO. I just hope that the Filipino people will be awaken "
"What are  #silvanas ? They a Filipino merengue cookie with buttercream filling. They absolutely del "
" :    Like he can't even deliver straight Filipino sentences. Let alone understand w"
" Secretary  has something very special in store for our new heroes--Overseas Filipino workers "
"notwithstanding the slightly mediocre acting performance of Ronnie... &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; any filipino horror film "
"Lmao I guessed we called the Filipino Mafia "
"YOUNG BUT DYNAMIC chef Jam Melchor, president, Philippine Culinary Heritage is among those who worked hard to persu "
"tryna negotiate some filipino food exchange for my deserts stay turned "
"when my filipino teacher said Ginawa ni Florante ang lahat para kay Laura. i felt that."
" Share your status with us! to submit your entries?: Sign up on our website: "
"Nograles: We wish d President the best of health in body&amp; spirit as he continues to serve this growing nation in fu "
"watching filipino films in class and I'm the only laughing when the dysfunctional family in the movie fights with e "
"We Filipino's we want to impress others buy just buying expensive stuff. we can't afford to buy for our health "
"Cabinet Sec. Nograles: We are truly blessed to have Mayor Rody as President. I've always known him to be one of the "
"#BNGNews for OFWs!  migrant workers advocacy group pointed out to what they call as flaws in Republic Act (RA) "
" FOR. REAL. i try to put in my input on shit, but like,,, once sjws see im not alt left they want to like "
"My wish for you is to live longer so that u can enjoy and appreciate the positive changes u done for our country "
"For #FishFridays: How to cook the #Filipino Pinangat na Tilapia - Fish Stew in Tomatoes - Asian In America "
"      Finally im a big fan i like your vid "
"  OH I THOUGHT IT WAS JUST LIKE SUBTLE FILIPINO TRAITS OR SMTH... NVM"
"they need to put more filipino horror movies on netflix "
"dammit these filipino movies on Netflix get me everytime "
"In these chats, Clemans discussed various strategies to obtain minor girls whom he could rape. Clemans instructed t "
"   How dare suggest that only a morena or morena is considered Filipino! Are you sug "
" : Governor-General Ramon Blanco described him as  most intelligent of the Filipino politicians, the true soul of the indep"
"Tried to watch #avengers with my old Filipino mom and she goes why do they make the spider boy fight. He is so sma "
"Filipino time talaga hayst"
" Convengamos y estoy de acuerdo que el pais necesita mano dura para combatir la delincuencia, el nar "
" try reading ur tweet agen sis. unang basa mamimisinterpret mo tlg. dats y i reacted dis way kc high emo "
"Yung filipino namin pa major "
" Is being known as a Filipino Youtuber hinders you from functioning an ordinary lifestyle at times?"
"Streaming in about 15 minutes. Can't pass on Filipino dishes, bruh. Gotta get some meal in and get some games in some Apex!"
"   Like he can't even deliver straight Filipino sentences. Let alone understa "
" :  -born Filipino cosplayer reporting for duty! Been attending cons since 2005 and making my cospla"
" : Thank heavens! Filipino films are improving with thought-provoking and audacious pieces."
"HAPPENING: Luis is now teaching our participants on how to make our favorite classic filipino sweets - Polvoron. "
"imbes na i-bash tangkilikin at ipagmalaki hindi man tayo kagalingan sa pag-edit, wala man tayong budget, korni man "
"  lumalabas mga hard stan na filipino HAHAHAHAHAHAH"
"rt if you are:  05-liner Filipino into memes into deep talks be friends AHAHHAHA"
"FILIPINO Homes is here and always ready to HELP you find your DREAM HOME that suits your needs and budget! :) "
"Filipinos (hears a Filipino celebrity cursing): ay ang bastos naman ng bunganga nyan bat mo ba finafollow yan "
"i wish i had more filipino friends :("
" Some Filipino said  ketchup isn good enough, let make it but with bananas"
"I Tell You The Secret of Universe In This One... God.... I Dont Know Why I Write This.... "
" If u call up the Filipino Telstra call centres and get mad at them they will give you anything you want for "
"  Go to Philippines it will make it sweeter Filipino fans are waiting for u"
"a filipino movie marathon sounds like a nice date"
" Digong an inspiration to the world never surrendered to the devils shouting slanderous words success "
"  Happy , Happy  Birthday  to You President Duterte!  you always be blessed and guid "
" : WATCH: Filipino singer advances to next round of 'The Voice US' "
"nakalimutan ko may thesis pa pala kami ng filipino "
"Just like the actual Filipino government, here to entertain. "
" I love bts so much,bts is my happiness,bts is my life,Filipino Fan is here,WE LOVE YOU BTS Jimin"
" : Isn't constantly being angry and outraged by inconsequential minutiae tiring? don't know how some people manage... wo"
"watching filipino movies reminds me that im not alone, i have a whole country that is as dramatic as me"
"WE NEED MORE FILIPINO FILM-MUSICALS!!!!! that's it. that's the tweet. "
"Toxic filipino mindset: nanahimik ka guilty ka pag pinaglaban mo sarili mo defensive ka"
"looking through the likes of that post... so far theres european men, old ladies, and filipino guys in their early 20s.... w"
" : Medialdea thanks #PresidentDuterte for being the leader that you are, one who is devoted to serving the Filipino people."
" Parei para ouvir o trecho mais uma vez, n falou. Come a introduzir Bem o maior nome do futebol "
"It's so amazing how someone like you who basically grew up in States have instilled so much Filipino values in you. "
"pissed filipino mom/aunts be like:Kung ayaw mo gawin ng maayos, wag mo na lang gawin! Napakayabang mo na, akala "
" I once ate at Jollibee, many years ago.  That was the last time I had Filipino food."
"If ever management decided to team-up Kao and Seth to do a teleserye I want them to remake this one,  Tourist a "
"My point here about the two meanings of  is simple  stupidity is not a natural quality of Filipino drivers "
" happpy birthday alex  stay who you are and always keep smil'n as you say if your not smiling your doi "
"Sino kayang teacher nito sa Filipino?  "
" I feel that sometimes, a certain Filipino movie will just be hyped by everyone simply because it is Filipino."
"Kasakit sa mata ng Filipino"
" Teka sino nga ulit teacher mo sa Filipino?"
"Your no. 1 choice can't even speak straight Filipino sentences. "
"My point here about the two meanings of  is simple  stupidity is not a natural quality of Filipino drivers "
"FILIPINO TIME PARIN ATA MAMAYA SA MOVING UP"
" : Danny Kingad impressive 9-1 record tells a bright future ahead of the Filipino warrior. |  "
" : Congrats, Jej Vinson!  |  "
" : On the Multicultural Ministries Connect Podcast, host  interviews ministers that have taken part in French,"
"Our Filipino professor told us to make a spoken poetry then made us watch some performances of other people. My hea "
"I luv Filipino corn beef but it makes my breath taste like 12 different butt cheeks"
"imagine stray kids being living memes and recreating filipino memes like saying JoOoNeEeEeeLlL or doing the dalag "
"Yung hirap na pinagdaanan po nila mama at nila papa, parang sila po yung naging inspirasyon talaga na gusto kong m "
" Me: gago ka Filipino 14 yr: "
"Hi follow me!! I really need a followers heheh !! #ineedfollowers #filipino #hi #wassup #ireallyneedit #followme #tweet"
"When you on keto and your 9-year old decides she the devil  and tries to tempt you with your favorite Filipin "
"Maganda ba teacher mo sa Filipino?  sobra e and magaling din siya at the same time, never kang ma bobored sa klase "
" is it the religion itself (inherently hypocritical), or how it has mixed--quite badly--with the filipino psyche?"
" Well you ARE FILIPINO "
"CabSec Karlo Nograles: We wish the President the best of health in body and spirit as he continues to serve this gr "
" No ultimo Fronteiras, entre 1:07:57- 1:10:30 o senhor fala a hist do maior jogador Filipino, mas "
"  mango peach pies are so good ! Everyone needs to try one at least once in their lives #jolliebee "
"Every Filipino: Buwan by Jk "
" : A sociologist claims that members of the Catholic clergy endorsing some #Halalan2019 candidates will not work as the virtu"
"When I was a sales rep, once a Filipino young man managed to corner me in, from most angles, what seemed to be a co "
" : Journey with somebody that can keep you in check. If you can love one Filipino fully and unconditionally, then you can"
" : Cabinet Secretary Karlo Nograles: On behalf of the Office of the Cabinet Secretary, we wish the President the best of h"
"had a filipino music themed meeting for barkada today and convinced my fellow eboard members to play that good good "
" : Filipino rapper Shanti Dope drops new single and MV - Amatz "
" First husband Paolo is Filipino"
"For over 30 years, Filipino Journal has been the pulse of the Filipino community in Winnipeg.  has been dedicati "
" : Executive Secretary Salvador Medialdea on #PresidentDuterte's 74th birthday: My wish for you is that during your term,"
"#HigherEd Update: The PhilFrance Scholarship is a French government scholarship directed to Filipino students and "
"If my boss doesnt come in with great Filipino recipes or gr8 leadership I doubt I'll externship theres "
"#HigherEd Update: The PhilFrance Scholarship is a French government scholarship directed to Filipino students and "
"im all for loving all things filipino pero di jud matabang ang cinematography aning salidaha"
"AFP you can still redeem yourself from slavery to Duterte and humiliation to China's PLA. Serve and defend the Fili "
" : At Club Filipino for People's Choice Movement Press Conference. Maraming salamat po sa lay leaders from different faith"
"KaraMia  only Filipino fuses can relate  "
"i saw the catholic poll with bato at #6, and bong go, imee &amp; other people entering magic 12 catholics are "
"hOy iRis mAgsiPasOk tAyO nGAyoN pinApAkUhA Ni mA BiG nOTEbOOk SA fiLiPinO"
"Read the Filipino Journal from your smartphone, tablet, or laptop with the Filipino Journal digital edition. "
"Which is why I will never bring any traditional food to anyone cause I can handle the rejection of someone hating "
"People don't like indie movies bc the qual is sometimes shit or the actors aren't famous but the indie movies speak "
"I am Rodrigo Duterte. I am a Filipino. I love my country because this is the land of my birth and the home of my people!"
" My parents always be on my case too They got this Filipino intuition or something"
"Filipino Arnis: Power Behind Your Techniques "
"   dalagang filipino ye dalagang filipino ye"
"    Pnoy is filipino right? Not that surprised he drives 3 hours since that "
"shitty cinemas: if it's not profiting, they will just pull-out the film. lalo na kapag filipino indie film at hindi "
"Never been to a gourmet homemade Filipino ice cream shop before, but I highly recommend the experience."
" Filipino time hahahaah #ImEllenyaLTheLastShoot"
" : ! We are Monsta X! Kumusta Filipino Monbebes? We are inviting you to watch our We Are Here Tour in Manila. We are lo"
" : YALL I JUST WATCHED 'ULAN' AND IM SO IN LOVE ITS THE MOST FILIPINO MOVIE IVE WATCHED AND IT EXPRESSED OUR UGLINESS IN A"
" : i never hyped for a filipino film this much ulan reviews are luring"
"Update: The pediatrician was excellent. ice cream was to die for... had Durian (prickly Asian Pacific fruit "
" : My mom when she was pregnant with me:|              ||              ||               |                 |"
" : Jisoo: Do you like my filipino accent? : Yes! : Salamat! #BLACKPINKINYOURAREAMANILA"
"nawawala filipino book ko nice what a good time to be alive"
" It definitely worth more than this guy research paper on Filipino shamanism"
"Definitely not all but I am a Filipino and unfortunately this is true more often than not. Especially being undisci "
"Another easy recipe to follow.  Full recipe video by clicking this link. "
" Nah something about Filipino shamans"
"That Tarantino and Cuaron indie movies standard already served by Filipino directors and writers, yet still we don "
"Most Filipino films that have nudity and same-sex scenes often label themselves as indie movies. "
"  can somebody with a huge clout create a twitter poll if the Filipino cowgays will s "
""
" Nograles: We wish the President the best of health in body and spirit as he continues to serve this g "
" Palace: I've always known him to be one of the most intense and focused persons in government; his pa "
"I swear Filipino moms be the only ones to get mad you for being sick....like wtf lmao"
"Filipino time"
"Good News! 5,000 Job Openings in New Zealand for all Filipino! Almost 100k Monthly Salary! "
"Along with working out at the gym, one of my favorite things to do is eat good food! #chinesefood#asian#foodie#fili "
" The curse of multi-instrumentalist, been focusing more on my filipino mandolin and piano that I've been neglecting bass"
"I always thought Daly City was just Filipino SF "
" : GUYS. HAVE TO MAKE THIS HAPPEN!THE VERY FIRST PINOY-MADE RPG GAME! Filled with Filipino mythology! #ALDUBxADN193rd"
"me  everyone in these Filipino movies: ang arte mo pls"
" : A Filipino horror film for the world! More countries are joining in on the fun! #Eerie opens in Singapore, Malaysia, and Br"
"CAN Y DROP  IF YOU ARE A FILIPINO KASI ANG HIRAP NG MAG ENGLISH PERO NAGEENGLISH PA RIN AKO SO YEAH AHAHAHAHAHA JONEEEEL"
"Wait. My filipino friends. Does Vallejo still have BNG and Pinot Real? for my friend."
" : One filipino artist even said that oppa means daddy :  "
"Nograles: We wish the President the best of health in body and spirit as he continues to serve this growing nation "
"like i understand the reasoning behind it. i've been there. it just FELT like if i kept mentioning that they were f "
"Podem falar o que quiser da , mas que ela tem talento isso  indiscut, ela canta em portugu, Ing "
"Yesterday, my eyes were set to this particular person bcos he's so familiar. Then, we crossed paths in the corridor "
"PAYING FILIPINO FANS DUST HUH?"
"Palace: I've always known him to be one of the most intense and focused persons in government; his passion tempered "
" I just know you Filipino, Thai, and white... Lol or I could be wrong"
"Yung ang galing mag Filipino ni boss!!!!Mga apat na kilometro"
"at a filipino film screening and for  refreshments they have lumpia and lots of sweets (i love it.)"
"One filipino artist even said that oppa means daddy :  "
" : Are your parents really filipino if they don pressure you into buying a lottery ticket when the jackpot high"
"I hope you go far in the game!!! Filipino fans loves you here in Philippines   "
"Kung papalitan ng BNHA Filipino Dub yung move names ni Deku at All Might (prolly not sana since may reason for the "
"I swear everyone who mixed with filipino blood is gorgeous &amp; gwapo"
"Tbh this looks like Filipino food "
"K's upcoming shows: 5 - Isabela 9 - Casino Filipino Tagaytay 13 - Casino Filipino Manila Bay"
"LITERALLY getting bullied by a filipino rn :(( uwu"
"The callousness and greediness of some senatorial candidates and the craziness of Filipino voters favoring them can "
" :  sweet Miss    #plavd #philippines #itsmorefuninthephilippines #filipina #filipino #pinoy #pinay"
"A Filipino horror film for the world! More countries are joining in on the fun! #Eerie opens in Singapore, Malaysia "
"The problem with Filipino Companies:  NOT SETTING PROPER EXPECTATION. TSK.TSK.TSK. KASI NAMAN ALAM NILA ANG MGA PIN "
" :  This is Dash Laverick, 20, half-Filipino. He a model. He helplessly in love with a straight dude but his bes"
"Ay poteks. May filipino pa gali. Whaha. Pabibo gid. Di pa gid matapos tapos ang antos sa iya. Daw major gid"
"The #Hungry Filipino "
" i dont watch Filipino films kasi is not some trait you should boast around "
"MULTILINGUAL KING! Park Jihoon () introduces himself in different languages, including Filipino! "
" na Rate at lalong tataas pag Malaki ang Padala! Gamitin at Free Online Registration!  Pick- "
" : Kakayanin ba ng kandidato mo ang mga responsibilidad ng isang senador? Here our explainer in Filipino. "
" : fil-am. half filipino, half amp0ta"
" : FANMADE Cast of /Princess Hours (Filipino Adaptation) featuring  and  (#MayWard)."
"   NI BAHASA FILIPINO,, "
" 50  im filipino too :)"
" Any Filipino food you love? #AskTyTy"
"i want a filipino uldren fc just to look deeper into and look deeper into things they're suppo..."
"A TRUE FILIPINO STAN!!!! LET FUQIN GO "
" :  you &amp;  love you are two VERY different things."
" read   friend Josie Long is a modern day hero! She around my age, American, and has chosen to lay d "
"Old filipino comedy movies is way funnier than the new ones. "
"Old world charm X modern #Filipino cuisine at hiltonmanila #Kusina restaurant. #morefuninthephilippines  "
"Cabinet Secretary Karlo Nograles: On behalf of the Office of the Cabinet Secretary, we wish the President the best "
"Hanggang ngayon napapamura pa din ako sa sobrang ganda nung movie. Tangina! Pang hollywood talaga! Ngayon lang ako "
" :  WELCOME TO KDH  [ CLICK HERE TO KNOW MORE ABOUT US ]   open for Roleplayers only? Mess"
"my filipino parents bringing us to the airport 3 hours before boarding while i was growing up versus me now walkin "
" They said.. hello? Filipino Katy Perry?"
" : my grandma called today : are u home ?: no I at practice : ok whore  LOVE Filipino grandmas wh"
" : Nadine Lustre shares how she faced her insecurities headstrong to be the confident modern Filipino she is today, gracing"
"It that time of year again.  The Annual Filipino Festival is upon us, and it be great for you to join us. There "
"toxic filipino culture at its finest "
"Trying to draft an agreement in Filipino and I can't get myself to write how one covenants to do something. The r "
"The National Commission for Culture and the Arts (NCCA) is inviting Filipino researchers to submit papers related t "
"Mi bisabuelo filipino cas con tabasque de Frontera, Centla; mam es de Bajada Grandes y pap de Morelos, Macuspa "
"Is there a  account here to lift up Asian women in film? If not can I run it? Signed this Filipino/Indian/C "
"international twitter getting fooled by filipino stan twt: "
"Vision of the National Center for Healthcare Quality and Patient Safety: Safer healthcare for the Filipino people - "
"DALAWANG GABI! supporting our very own filipino teacher aweee  "
" I was more or less thinking he were right there but he doesn't speak spanish.  Those guys from San Dieg "
" Lol you're Filipino () GOOD LUCK I GIVE YOU MY EXTRA BRAINCELLS SINCE WE DON'T HAVE SCHOOL ANYMORE "
"This record speed underlines the steadfast commitment and political will of the Duterte administration to fast-trac "
"Ginagawa niyo na lang katarantaduhan 'yong konsepto ng pagiging filipino/filipina. E, putang ina ninyo, an'tagal na "
" is it seriously the truth that April tried running a filipino prostitution ring and realized what she is can be 70 years old?"
"I checked in at Cutting Board Filipino Gastropub on #Yelp "
"Filipino time talaga"
" :  Its okay atleast you have a pure filipino heart  #JelRhys "
"The new song of #NowUnited for Pepsi #ForTheLoveOfIt has a bit of tagalog lyrics in it!!! It making my Filipino heart is happy! "
"  it's ok we're all Filipino somehow. candine as the full Filipinos, liz/Lani as the half Fili "
"Daming ordinaryong Pinoy na trilingual nowadays no? They speak fluent English, Filipino and stupid."
"Many thanks to  for sharing great conversation and Filipino food today! Advice for #CaAssemblyFellows: i "
"Filipino movies and korean dramas are the reason why I'm hopeless romantic "
" What is your message for your Filipino fans? :)"
"   She not that dark there. She probably south east asian, filipino or thai"
" might as well get a filipino flag at this point"
" : Saddened that Christian Filipino use of the malong is cultural appropriation -Muslim-majority provinces are the poorest"
"1979 : Jeannie Kurecka translated Alika than khajaba besonoan kakythibia from Filipino to French"
"Why are Filipino moms so fuckin O MOTHAFUCKIN A !!!!!!!!!!"
" say a tongue twister in both Filipino and English uwu"
" : I can sense majority of the senatorial candidates just want to have the money and not to serve the Filipino people. Wh"
" : Filipino Indie Films are way better than other International films. The setting and the production is not as beautiful"
"First time experiencing Filipino food so  made sure  and I were able to taste it all!! "
"Myghaddd pinapangarap kong A natupad na sa fav. subj ko pa  #Filipino"
"four sisters and a wedding is the best filipino film ever. period. no erase. padlock. kain susi. "
"Filipino Mandarin Admin Assistant in Makati 50k to 70k in Makati, Philippines: mandarin, chinese "
"Finally have an address in Japan! Hayano-Mobara Chiba just near Mobaro Park and Nagara Hot Spring and a Filipino st "
"Check out my pare's quick set at the Raps game last week... Big up to Dj Hedspin for repping Filipino DJs. Haha "
"Must-see || Pak fighter destroys Filipino fighter MMA Must watch....The fight ...dedicated to all the children mart "
"8) i filipino! but i also texan yeehaw"
"Heart of St. Camillus journeys to the Philippines anew  Catholics and devotees will have another chance t "
"Last night, I dreamt of meeting  in person, all of them  My family and I took them to lunch in a Filipino restaurant haha~"
"Good luck kabayan Dolly!!!!  po natin sya mga kabayan. "
"ill say it again, restore more vintage prints of classic filipino movies!!!! make them more accessible!! "
" Hella happy to be a filipino right now "
": The NPA is now in a position to deliver lethal blows to the enemy forces anywhere in the archipel "
" : Pinoy Gay Porn Hunk pinoys having sex 1 #Asian, amateur, asian, blowjob, eating ass, facial, fili"
"WALA NAY KLASE SA FILIPINO! HAHAHAHA THANK YOU MAAM VIDA "
"Bumalik yung pagmamahal ko sa filipino romcom nung napanood ko yung Diary ng Panget. "
"Some of the Christensen/Manila criticisms is mad racist and sexist  we can talk about someone being a dud MP witho "
"Two weeks. Eight secret menu items. Six high-end pop-ups. All Filipino food. "
" Toxic filipino culture at its finest."
"Filipino "
" ihhh yan natutunan ko sa Filipino 102 kasiiiiii"
" You a Filipino?"
" You forgot GHWB also had a Filipino pen pal after his presidency too."
"Who DOESN he want killed? #FilipinoDonaldTrump "
" Never naman ako Filipino time. More like anti-Filipino time. Haha"
" There no such thing as Warriors fans, just Filipino children and LeBron haters"
"Just another day with my Filipino mom going around to all the bargain outlets to get them deals #filipino #filipinomomsbelike"
"Assassin. Asawa. Ina. Simula na ng paghihiganti ni MARIA. the latest Filipino action film, starring Cristine "
"how similar are we? pts - scorpio pts - only child pts - october baby pts - has glasses/contacts pt "
" Bakit ka maaga. Di mo sila pinakitaan ng Filipino time"
"Thank you for coming out and helping us celebrate 'Filipino &amp; Asian Cultures' Day! "
"Since mag aair ng Filipino Dub ng My Hero Academia, ine-expect kong ganito ang mga linya ni Bakugo:KING INA MO D "
"A filipino really was eating a banana and said  make this a red dipping sauce"
"Today, we led a tour from #DTLA to #Hollywood and back, and we ate vegan, Honduran, Filipino, Korean, and fusion fo "
"Why is it that people who ask me if i mixed act so surprised when i tell them i actually just full filipino"
"filipino na lang hahaha"
"Old school Filipino action movies are da bomb talaga "
"whenever i see a group of filipino mfs i wanna fight them sooooo bad LMAOO"
"Star Cinema made Filipino movies more exciting. I never seen working-class people actually entering the cinemas "
"ay di man diay Filipino ang nga Sankai! HAHAHAHAHAHA okeh"
"Pagusapan natin ang pamilyang Filipino set up. Matagal ko nang mantra o motto sa buhay na hindi excuse ang isang ro "
" : Overheard from a Fil-Am:  really like that Filipino gravy Saint Tomas. "
"so my mom found out netflix added filipino dramas and i keep getting the account is already in use notification "
" :  I love it when Qatar tries to tell me what is and isn't right.(In the time I typed this tweet, 2 more enslaved Fi"
" : winner ang all filipino laro ng   sa 3rd set kahapon. Natalo man, pinakita nila na kayang kaya nila makipa"
" : if this was a filipino content: "
"Portraying the grit of ordinary Filipino life with half-baked social critique delivered solely by exposition doesn "
" : A happy and blessed birthday to the current President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte (), who turns 74 today."
"Filipino migrant workers in Alberta  desperate need of a community centre "
"ik asian twitter says filipino boys are heartbreakers but have you caught feelings for a viet boy :/"
"8-12 yes walang filipino"
"  Oh, just ignore me.  call Canadian ARMY = purple CANs. Idk if there's a nickname for us "
"my parents drag me every other week. don have Filipino parents guys "
" :  I'm a Filipino-American artist living in NL! I've done promotional art for Riot Games, Clip Studio Paint &amp; more, and I'm alw"
"i like playing this new game omw home where i guess which stop people are gonna get off on. that filipino boy weari "
"#Philippines One of the few C-130 of the Filipino Air Force went up in flames... "
" : Panelo: We are certainly blessed and privileged to have someone as dedicated as President Duterte as the captain of our"
"there this super cute filipino eboy on ig that i followed recently nd i mAy have a small cr*sh on him but that is okay,, just b who u r"
"What is your favorite day of the year?  10/8 "
" of country prompts Filipino scientists abroad to serve in the Philippines "
"Every April, OYFA showcases Filipino folk dances, modern dances, as well as a skit. This year theme focuses on me "
" 30  im filipino too :))"
" : Broner really sayin he won the fight. What a joke and a loser. Not to mention that trash singer who sang our national anthe"
"MAGNIFICO is the most heartbreaking film of Filipino's at all time. 'all!!! Hanggang ngayon, kahit pang-nth time "
"Bretmans story about his mom saying his laundry standards are not equivalent to that of a Filipino woman is literal "
"The amount of Filipino movies on Netflix is really giving me life. I so glad I understand 75% of Tagalog lol"
" : Come enjoy our favorite Filipino Food Truck and learn about buying a new home, mortgages, and insurance, this Saturday, Mar"
"Saw one of these shirts on my buddy dlakastan and inquired about it. I happy to support a brand that represents m "
"Sometimes you need Cheese #Cupcakes, a #Filipino favorite to take the edge of a hectic week. Recipe is on "
" HAHAHAHHA magkakalapit naman sila, for example Linguistics, AB english, AB Filipino. Kaya andami A "
"Filipino teacher nanamo ga ingun ha  "
"demi is a filipino !!!!! lssksksjsjs ??????? romanian kayo eh! "
" : when my mom was pregnant with me:|            ||             |               |                 |"
" Yup it pretty sad. Filipino I here, but I have seen a few ads for Asian women about skin whiten "
" Jojo twitter"
"Filipino breakfast platter!  I in the Philippines and went to the beautiful city of Baguio! Such an awesome pla "
" : Jalen Green remains nothing but proud of his Filipino roots://t.co/E1kTee2i47 "
"MOMOLAND opens official fan club in the Philippines.  will be inviting fans to visit MERRY-GO-ROUND IN THE PH "
"Suzuki Philippines Director and General Manager for Automobile Keiichi Suzuki: The Swift continues to evolve to off "
" We will be working with St. Louis Filipino Bread! Have you ever tried there stuff? It delicious! "
"Military disputes reported harassment of Filipino fishers in Scarborough "
"A happy and blessed birthday to the current President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte (), who turns 7 "
"how similar are we? pts - female pts - name begins with k pts - 17 pts - had/has braces  pts - Aqua "
" Madaming filipino wife nag aantay sa kanya dito "
"My #WCW #WomanCrushWednesday #22  #JaneyB #Beautiful #Youthful #Model #Filipino #FlipinoBeauty "
"Journey with somebody that can keep you in check. If you can love one Filipino fully and unconditionally, then you "
" Tapos Filipino pa si bossing. Ganda ng timing! "
"Miss Universe Catriona Gray raises funds for abused Filipino "
" : Guys this is awesome! A great scribble art from Mc Rayson Abad Bautista using  MyGel! Filipino artists ro"
" : Over n above all, can we just be grateful for all the opportunities each n every Filipino has on a global performance n be"
" : This artwork is awesome! A portraiture of Albus Dumbledore by  using 's color pecils! Filipi"
" Filipino ka ba mame? Filipina kaa..  lab you "
"Filipino breakfast platter!  I in the Philippines and went to the beautiful city of Baguio! Such an awesome pla "
"This filipino movie i just finished left me in tearssssss. The writers cant do me like that they just CANT!!!"
"Overheard from a Fil-Am:  really like that Filipino gravy Saint Tomas. "
"toxic filipino culture?*CRAB MENTALITY  tinutulungan mo ng umangat hihilain ka pa pababa"
"...nais namin na kayo ay magpakita ng gayon ding sipag sa buong buhay ninyo... 6:11-12 The Living Bible i "
" : For #AmericanIdol , being one of the first Filipinos to represent her culture on TV reality singing compe"
"International fans has no idea howgay filipino fans are..."
" I'm glad you get the Japanese impression first, haha. I usually get SE Asian (as in Filipino) often "
"My mom was telling me that scammers called her saying that she owes  $4,000 and that they can take her payment "
" : These #Filipino films  and tv are now all streaming on   time for #Filam films and tv? ://t.co/2s"
"omg wait i just realized you said Filipino KSJSKSK im not Filipino,,, im puerto rican but I still call my Tia Tita and Titi so-"
"A sociologist claims that members of the Catholic clergy endorsing some #Halalan2019 candidates will not work as "
" : I ain gone lie Filipino people were going to the  games when no body was."
"Filipino comedy the best payt meh "
"I miss backyard gardens! I wish I could plant Mangoes and Bananas and Calamansi in my backyard! My dad has Dragonfr "
"bat kase di alam ng icp yung filipino time, late nanaman tuloy ako lol"
" : I agree. I was intrigued to know of Filipino South African history before the 1860s, when Filipinos jumped ship. But many"
" Film education is to be shared among everyone to fully appreciate every film especially Filipino film "
"You're My Boss Filipino movie makes me wanna visit Batanes! So freaking gorgeous place! A really must visit spot in the Philippines!!"
"Di ko talaga type ang mga Filipino movies, sorry. "
"Dalagang Pilipina pose  #rottweiler #rottweilerpuppy #rottweilersofinstagram #rottweilerpuppies #dogstagram "
" Yes, most of the time. And if someone had to leave before the meal was over, the person leaving (usual "
" : Filipino esta es prima tuya o algo. "
"how similar are we? pts - female pts - name begins with s pts - 17 pts - has/had braces pts - scorp "
" : Cape Filipino cuisine needs a cookbook.  to the sauce - fry the ginger and garlic paste in minimal oil, add the soy s"
"The Hows of Us is the highest grossing Filipino film of all time.  "
"Yung nagrereklamo dun sa local film thread na yon na sana ibalik ang quality Filipino movies e obviously hindi na "
"Filipino esta es prima tuya o algo. "
"Filipino and black is probably the prettiest mix tbh"
"naka pag exam din sa filipino"
" : FROM A FILIPINO PROFESSORS IN SINGAPORE:Sass, kay Justice Carpio, I calculated the annual amortization for Chico"
" : Filipino blinks.... I love you..#ROS  "
"Ako ay isang dalagang filipino yeah"
"Filipino blinks.... I love you..#ROS  "
"Listening the  podcast describing Jiu jitsu to  as an argument and your vocabulary is your know "
"Once upon a time in Linux Class:: Well I Filipino and.... classmate: Dawg you from the Philippines?: "
"filipino time hahaha"
"okay, so here me procrastinating on homework watching Filipino movies. when I tell you I watch it, I really do  "
"Hala oy 1 week naman diay hapit tapos wla mn lng ko ka study sa quiz sa basic cal naa pajud filipino"
"  i feel so sad rn, i need filipino moots."
" : O Canada   &gt;&gt; Alberta government to offer #Filipino language and culture curriculum by 2020 via  cc "
"can my fam not be on filipino time when it an important event"
"  Was she with the Filipino army at the final advance on Reykjavik during WW6 too?"
" An extra life. He must be live longer. Filipino people need him. Malipayong adlawng natawhan kanimo Mr. President."
"puta bobong bobo ako sa filipino, hindi ko alam isasagot ko HAHAHAHAHAHHAA"
"I asked my parents if they ever saw me becoming a nurse, doctor, engineer, or accountant, the typical careers some "
"Coco Martin lisp memes are just the filipino version of Mike Tyson lisp memes."
" : Dyino-diyos-diyos nyo kasi o sina-santo-santo ang mga TAO lang na mga yan. Pero itong isang ito, HAYOP "
". . . if they aren't already. Get started on customizing your own wearable piece of Filipino art, history and cultu "
"DI KO ALAM PERO NAIIYAK AKO. PLEASE, WE NEED TO MAKE THIS MAN WIN. FILIPINO PEOPLE, VOTE WISELY!  "
" : eerie is not like any other Filipino horror movie with a predictable plot and soundtrack send tweet"
"Filipino time talaga bes HAHAHAHA"
" : Performance tribute to the first pure blooded Filipino NBA PLAYER KAI SOTTO   -to-Go Pilipinas"
" : In all Filipino Horror movie, eto na un! Promise! #Eerie #BeaAlonzo #CharoSantos"
"...all of my comfort foods are Filipino foods too..."
" : there's a half dozen old Filipino men holding a chess competition in this McDonald's and I'm here for it"
"Our most served  Hot Entre are Filipino Dishes, as we proudly represent the food culture of the Philippines to eve "
"do all filipino mums tell their children this??? because ive had this exact convo with my mama "
" : Pre-colonial Filipino culture!  "
" : Before October 2018, I remained unnamed. My name was given to me in recognition of the history and influence that the Filipin"
"SA WAKAS TAPOS NA HAHAHA. Tapos na ipresent yung engcad position paper kahapon. Then ngayon naman tapos na yung fil "
"There 1 Japanese, 1 1/2 Chinese, 1 1/2 Filipino, 1 asian dude that idk what nationality, Mucho Mexicano/a, alot a "
"All of my go to recipes are Filipino food."
" : I need some Filipino food in my life right now!!!"
"Multistreaming with We live in interesting times. "
"Filipino time tlaga! "
"WATCH: Eagle News International Filipino Edition  March 28, "
" maam filipino sir dagno"
"usapan 8AM lol filipino time at its finest haha who the fuck is causing the delayyyy"
"You are not a Filipino when you do not ask permission to your parents to go out even you are above 18."
" :  I use Facebook for posting health information on endocrine disease written in Filipino "
"Attention #Filipino &amp; #Asian filmmakers: Asian Cinema Fund (ACF) of  calls for submissions for its Po "
"there's a half dozen old Filipino men holding a chess competition in this McDonald's and I'm here for it"
"1979 : Ramon Krau translated Rabinal-Ach from Filipino to Dutch"
"FILIPINO HOMES will help you find the Best HOME for You and your Family! &lt;3 us NOW! :) "
" same. one minute i tweet in english then switch to filipino a minute later. "
" I use Facebook for posting health information on endocrine disease written in Filipino "
"gonna keep making Filipino OCs because it fuels me. dapat lang e"
" FILIPINO JC OMF- BUT ALSO After work I going to find it for you NAGI please look forward to it U v U smooches ur cheek"
"Filipino artist and designer New has created a fluorescent installation in International new gallery "
"This is getting out of hand though. Only WHITE separatism? Will Facebook allow other separatists to have a platform "
" JUAN CHENG.. FILIPINO JC HAHAHHAHAH  no I haven and im not sure I want to HDHDJD REB!!!!"
"reminder that there a filipino movie back in the 80/90 with a blackface and i wanna vomit."
"im trying to get my tagalog back so if anyone knows any good filipino content plss dm me"
" :  Former presidential spokesperson Harry Roque: Happy birthday Mayor! The continuing support of  the Filipi"
"Doctor asked if I'm Vietnamese or Filipino lol, bruh."
"him: you look japanese: no i filipino *weeks later*: *texts him in korean*: i knew you were japanese"
"#MyPhBoy ctto 3 ang laban.://t.co/bkDpXV82iH my accounts ig/tw  fb/yt  My P "
" I've never gotten Singapore before, haha. I usually get Filipino (which I'm not), hahaha."
"Walking in on the old Filipino man from the mail room JAMMING to an instrumental of What makes you beautiful by One "
"On my TL recently I seen complaints about Filipino boys, can really blame us though. We grew up with Tito th "
" The moment you said , the whole tweet was read in a Filipino accent in my head "
" r u filipino?"
" since I'm filipino i usually say kra-yon"
"The nerve of these Filipino people to be making fun of the Vietnamese nail lady  the nerve"
" Former presidential spokesperson Harry Roque: Happy birthday Mayor! The continuing support of  the Fi "
" : Filipino-American Mental Health: It Starts With A Conversation://t.co/tMgTuHLZ0c"
" This is Dash Laverick, 20, half-Filipino. He a model. He helplessly in love with a straight dude bu "
"I'm at Be More Pacific Filipino Kitchen and Bar in Austin, TX "
"Dear , your filipino customer service agents are ruining your reputation. Like srsly. Relaying incor "
"Former presidential spokesperson Harry Roque: Happy birthday Mayor! The continuing support of  the Filipino nation "
"Filipino time"
"Support filipino movie #EERIEday2"
"...this is the filipino equivalent of cringey hilary clinton campaigning. still gonna vote for her tho "
"  Frat Boy  Daniel Marsh Finally Makes His First #FighterBoys 2.0  Philippines Vlogging  Video. Frat "
" : filipino time din si yg wow"
"He would spend hours in school to take advantage of the free wi-fi because they were too poor to afford their own i "
"FILIPINO TIME AMPUTA HAHAHAHAHAHA "
"What's up with Filipino kpop stans supporting seungri...luv that don't make no cents"
" Thanks giirl! That actually so nice to hear cuz my parents are comparing me to him... you know how Filipino parents are. "
"filipino time din si yg wow"
" : Loving   take on Champorado  (Filipino chocolate rice breakfast porridge) in this insanely delicious"
"YG NAMAN EH FILIPINO TIME NA NAMAN I SO KINAKABAHAN"
"Wala nasad mey klase sa filipino ug english HAHAHAHA. Murag 1 month najud mi wala gakita ani "
"why do filipino boys use their basket ball shorts as pj's/home clothes lol"
"7:30 daw start. 8 na wala pa rin. Filipino time sucks"
" : Anybody struggle with a Filipino mom? I just want to butter my toast. "
" your major? Filipino so your parents made you choose that right? "
"Yes naman nainvade na ng Filipino Vloggers ang yt ko"
"One of my exciting projects this year is an engagement with "
" ooooh tea I Filipino so that some tea"
"I can sense majority of the senatorial candidates just want to have the money and not to serve the Filipino people. What a sad reality."
"I hope I can also find filipino friends here in Alabama.    baka naman "
" I am a proud Filipino who committed to a free and just Philippines  "
" Tas pah filipino na, uwi ka na haha"
" when will elle ever notice me and then realize im filipino and then we both shout in filipino"
"  Ang Espirituwal na Lunsod-Kanlungan at ang Lupa  mundo misyon lipunan iglesia ng Diy "
"  Espirituwal na Lunsod-Kanlungan at ang Lupa  mundo misyon lipunan iglesia ng Diyos "
" : Yung mga panahong tumitigil ang mundo ng mga Filipino, mapanood lang kayo. na anong mangyari, these memories will stay"
"Archipelago. (New) Filipino Dining with a Pacific NW flair. $126 a person. Prepaid reservation. 10 course meal. 8 s "
" Every Filipinos  that's why you gta do Filipino time when inviting us. Meaning, you gta subtract 2 hrs "
" : Filipino ang dapat suportahan! Yan si Senator  "
"My inner adult Filipino came out today when I added water to my hand soap bottle that was low"
"born too late to explore the world  too early to explore the galaxy just in time to FUCK HOT FILIPINO MILFS BABY!!!!!!!!"
" : Totoong mahal ang mga Filipino! Yan ang Senator ko! #BamAquino "
"Indian accountant and Filipino Salespersons://t.co/4qSKQe3b5m#MAP_OF_THE_SOUL_PERSONA "
" :    bua lo acabo de ver madre mia q le pasa a la gente d vd no entiendo nada. eso si"
"Filipino moms really don know how to express their feelings. Instead of my mom saying , she be like  W "
"   bua lo acabo de ver madre mia q le pasa a la gente d vd no entiendo nada. "
"   Hoy wag kang pabebe di ka namin pinahirapan. Naknampota pinayagan ka nga naming "
"Spanish people talking to filipino people                            understanding what we're both talking about"
"I salute you! I believe God is watching us. At lahat ng bagay ay may kataposan.  will end becouse million "
"total political and economic development and always put the interest of Filipino in your daily leadership of the country. "
"The second Tanging Ina film was one of the first Filipino movies I watched as a kid. still one of my favorite "
"Filipino time lagi"
" Why tf u block me answer the fucking phone"
"Metro Manila Friends, Champion Farmers Program (CFP) will be joining First Filipino Food Month on April 10-12, 2019 "
"Obsessed with Filipino movies now"
"why cant ygstaff just post the teasers on TIME ARE YALL FILIPINO"
" It is about the differences and similarities of Spoken Word Poetry in the Philippines and U.S.A. In reg "
" :    #ANCEarlyEdition Cornelio: Virtues of Filipino Catholics not in operation when choo"
" : INCOMING (via ) "
" bes may reviewer ka ga sa filipino?? Wala lang ako book"
" are u sure ure not filipino bc sis "
" - the most talented in art person i know, the cutest, so pretty, kind, sweet. btw thank you for teaching me filip "
"the middle aged filipino lady at my work was the only coworker who said they missed me while i was gone and then im "
"The Filipino Cultural Association (FCA) at the University of Maryland, College Park, invites you to our annual Phil "
" I love it when Qatar tries to tell me what is and isn't right.(In the time I typed this tweet, 2 more en "
"   #ANCEarlyEdition Cornelio: Virtues of Filipino Catholics not in operation when choosing candidates."
" This is the mob I was thinking about. You have probably heard of them - They are Filipino and have Asia "
" : kaya ikaw pag mag co-college ka pili ka lang sa med at law ha, hindi yung drawing2. DO FILIPINO HOUSEHOLDS TEND TO"
"we love filipino representation "
" Former Presidential Spokesperson  also greets #PresidnetDuterte on his birthday: Happy "
"  Big "
"Putek lingaw ako si libro ko sa filipino!!!!!!"
"8 daw praktis sa complex. Pero dahil Filipino time, mamaya na ako pupunta hehe"
"Cerritos  Fake Filipino Tech later she left knowing I was right behind her could be Estate Lovee Mel sa "
"There is nothing in this world like a Filipino Girl "
"auq na mag ingles  pwede ba filipino isagot ko sa titser ko :------(((( mesheket po eh"
" Sophia Nicole Nitro/December 3, 2001/ Yang Jeongin, Lee Yongbok/Filipino"
" :  and  gets a shout out -American Mental Health: It Starts with a Conversation "
"Former Presidential Spokesperson  also greets #PresidnetDuterte on his birthday: Happy birthday Mayo "
"Looking for delicious eats? Look no further because here in #SouthCity, we got food covered! From Brazilian, Filip "
" Filipino ka?"
"Filipino shows make girls look poor by putting them in a baggy t shirt and hair in a bun"
"There are so many damn good films that don't get enough highlight or acknowledgement, because of those movies that "
"People who hate Filipino cinema know nothing about cinema. Sila yung mga taong manghang-mangha sa mga pelikula ni m "
"My grandpa left me a vm saying , hi apu. I forgot about your birthday hehe I sorry, but know that I still "
" : Naghahanap ka ba ng Filipino action movie na pang-Hollywood ang dating? na ng MARIA! NOW SHOWING in cinemas nation"
"BACK HOME in #ParadiseHills #SanDiego! know, there NO #BananaTrees in NorCal? And in SD, they in every "
" Medialdea: I wish that each and every Filipino will see how hard you work for them and that they will "
" Medialdea thanks #PresidentDuterte for being the leader that you are, one who is devoted to serving "
"#Bangkok #asians #asianguy #asianmen #pinoy #filipino #hat #cap #bonet #bangkokstreet "
"#Bangkok #blacktop #asians #asianguy #asianmen #pinoy #filipino #hat #cap #bonet #belt #belts #brownbelt #balcony "
"2019 survivor want go away physical till justice is served I want all people arriving from Jacksonville FL Houston "
"My dentist assistant is Pinay and very sweet and always asksabout my husband Filipino cooking. Today she touche "
" : Hello Monarchs! The link to vote is now live and closes on April 2nd at 11:59pm! ://t.co/k3hfnMP7Ed will make"
"ang solid talaga ng filipino rap songs sa totoo lang"
"Medialdea: I wish that each and every Filipino will see how hard you work for them and that they will understand ho "
"he: slips tagalog into the convo, a non-filipino half-filipino who doesn't speak tagalog, through tears: what are you saying"
"  it isn a filipino rice until a party steps on you"
"Medialdea thanks #PresidentDuterte for being the leader that you are, one who is devoted to serving the Filipino p "
"Not popular, but indie films should be released nationwide as well. Why I ignorant to Filipino cinema is because "
" : Goodbye Taiwan na in 2 days and mo diretso jud kg kaon ug Filipino food udisjdjahhd"
" : 4year old at work:  so nice that they have the Filipino flag hanging up here *points towards American flag*:"
"I want my aunts filipino food"
"Executive Secretary Salvador Medialdea on #PresidentDuterte's 74th birthday: My wish for you is that during your te "
"Kini gyung filipino kayyyyy"
"GUYS. HAVE TO MAKE THIS HAPPEN!THE VERY FIRST PINOY-MADE RPG GAME! Filled with Filipino mythology!  "
"mainstream filipino movies are remarkable and undeniably entertaining, yes, but could we at least have movies of no "
"Executive Secretary Salvador Medialdea on #PresidentDuterte's 74th birthday: My wish for you is that during your te "
"As for me, a true Filipino vote, regardless of his or her religion is based on the conscience of, every Filipino, a "
"Mainstream should cast more unpopular Filipino actors! It's desensitizing to see the same faces over and over again "
"Would this appeal to you? ^_^  To avoid boredom, the volunteers will be provided with a television, reading materia "
" Omg I using this for my newsletter Filipino dad joke of the week LOL"
" : Thank you PBB for giving us LAYF. Loudre is an inspiration and LOU is such a beautiful person in and out. Continue giving us i"
" : #100MIFG He is a modest, soft-spoken man.  But don let that fool you, Dr. Nino real stature lies in his advocacy and"
" : First 10 buyers of #KulinaryConfidential 9pm seating of Chef 's Aliwang Lutu kamayan feast on Sun, April 7 a"
"The ceremony to inaugurate UVU President Astrid Tuminez placed a unique stamp on her helm by celebrating her Filipi "
"Even its titular theme of ulan feels representative of us and our country because of our well-documented struggle "
"What else is there to say that hasn't been said? Ulan is pretty good! It's so refreshing to see a film that's so "
"As for me, a true Filipino vote, regardless of his or her religion is based on the conscience of every person, and "
"filipino time diay jamponggg"
"Sometimes I really miss working with Britannica editors because they really do find cool history nuggets. It should "
" Creo que estaba en Netflix de un fantasma/vampira del folklore malasio/filipino/tailandes etc y est "
"filipino oomfs please tell all the voters you know to vote for #OtsoDiretso candidates! i'm so mf tired of seeing e "
" : If you Filipino you know what  eyes is "
"New post (Ube Kalamay Recipe (Filipino Dessert)) has been published on New Cookery Recipes - "
"JOBS IN UAE***************** SALES EXECUTIVE UP TO 6K AED++ FOR A HOSPITALITY SUPPLY COMPANY IN DUBAI - Co "
"the filipino movies are somehow upgrading from the alam ko na yung ending to bakit ganyan ending "
"Well I guess it was kinda true, just not with someone at school "
"[] when i first saw your account i thought you were a filipino ajnssn i always see you in my tl and we've interact "
" : there are lots of Filipino films that are wayyy better than hollywood films but other Filipinos think otherwise because"
" : MUST SEE: #NoliMeTangere World Premiere at .matta with  from Filipino national hero Jos Rizal"
" Wait fam are u filipino?!?"
" pen this ha *filipino accent*"
" : PCM says they chose candidates who believe in God, oppose Charter Change and federalism, would fight for the Filipino fis"
"kinda want to watch filipino horror fims "
"Filipino romcoms and dramas are way fucking over-the-top, focusing on delivering dialogues that are needlessly over "
"These are the things of fucking Filipino toxic. I hate it that.  "
"SAN JUAN CITY, PHILIPPINES - BRIONES Pest Control Services Attends the PEAP-PCAP joint General Membership Meeting a "
" : Filipino American director Victor Maog helms 2 of Mfoniso Udofia's family saga plays in San Francisco ://t.co/qpJew"
" :  Embarrass? You the one who is embarrassing yourself everyday of your life. Your obsession with Duter"
"Filipino rap industry needs a serious help"
"  i joke that they want japan to be catholic because there aren't enough Filipino prostitutes to go around"
"samok samok asa akoang filipino notebook:((("
"a parte, gracias a  descubr a No Rome, a filipino guy con un estilo muy parecidi y una voz muy bonita"
"ang daming filipino films (na may substance) ang underrated dahil 1) hindi big stars ang gumanap 2) hindi under big "
"akala ko tapos na lahat ng problema ko pero may pasahan papala ng portfolio sa filipino at science ngayon "
"Toxic Filipino mindset: ang iba, makapagpatawa lang. "
"I literally just met a tiny Filipino boy who jokes about how Asian Americans are superior why is he me"
" Filipino dish naman po"
" There is definitely a spanish twang in the Filipino accent."
"what is with filipino mothers and their overly early preparations"
"Unconventional Filipino films are not automatically great just because they're unconventional. "
" : filipino guys be like  again "
" : so skl kase y not. Performance Task kami before sa Filipino about sa mga maloloko, nagpapaloko and all the other thin"
" Very bright  buti nalang po talaga ikaw nag rerepresent sa ating bansa you make us all proud to be a filipino"
"Flexing ako sa filipino ngayong gabi ah"
"watching filipino movies is not jeje "
"wala pa pala ako sulat sa filipino"
"filipino woman when they pregnant:  |               | |                |                  | "
" surprised you didn cuff your pants...most Filipino guys I seen are always wearing capri lol..."
"Daly City Milpitas and San Jose have had exclusively Filipino foods for over 30 years. "
" kami mga r4 seryoso kakagising lang, baka 8 na kami makapunta niyan? HAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHA ay grabe ang aga "
"Miss Universe Catriona Gray Raises Funds For Abused Filipino Kids://t.co/tkvONmKj7J "
" your major,  you Filipino? I guess "
"H-1B EXTENSIONS OKAY, BUT NEW H-1B VISAS ARE DIFFICULT... "
"        "
" OMG YOURE FILIPINO ?? "
" : Toxic filipino culture?  Pag wala kang honor,bobo ka "
"Filipino American director Victor Maog helms 2 of Mfoniso Udofia's family saga plays in San Francisco "
"Filipino culture is kinda toxic man."
" : eto na mga kapuso! on filipino teleseryes vs foreign tv series: a very mahaba thread(?) nako bimb dami kong kuda here pasen"
" : Once I get cooking downpack it Wraps"
"it isn a filipino party until you step on some rice"
"About Filipino immigrants to the islands. Most of my classmates were Filipino when I was younger, so I just assumed "
" Nani/ gusto mo ba real name ko?? hahaha (dm ko sayo hehe) 09, Jeonghan, Jihoon, Won "
"7 so seunghee &amp; i could talk about being filipino and i could be seungyeon's allison argent  "
"Bone thugs Batasan #dogstagram #dogsofinstagram #instadogs #bostonterriers #bostonterrier #igersmanila #igerspinoy "
"17) Fun Fact: There are nearly as many active MLB players that share my own Filipino heritage as there are from Jap "
"tuwing naalala ko talaga yung role play namin sa filipino natatawa ako HAHAHAHAHA"
"Dalagang Pilipina pose  #rottweiler #rottweilerpuppy #rottweilersofinstagram #rottweilerpuppies #dogstagram "
"Yow  it's 28th here in the  and HAPPY BIHDAAYYY I wish for your forever success and happiness in ly "
"Filipino time nga naman"
"Why FumiYam?  not bcos he is poor, but bcos we can relate to him. a typical Filipino who dreams and works ve "
"My balon today is balatong and just wanna shoutout my mama and her bomb ass home cooked meals. The Filipino in me is showing."
" That place fries it, but I know how to make Filipino bbq legit marinade better than hubs.  My SIL taught me."
" Esse filipino sabe o que fala! Vamos nessa japon mulato!"
"columbus need a filipino restaurant"
"#MyPhBoy ctto 2 ang laban.://t.co/bkDpXV82iH my accounts ig/tw  fb/yt  My P "
"I want some Filipino food  tell padre"
" Vargas Llosa prefiere seguir formando parte de la idea del imperio, donde un peruano, un filipino y un ca "
"Utah Couple Adopts Limbless Filipino Baby, and Their Lives Are Never the Same Again "
"good morning im exempted from doing our filipino defense ~~ "
"i actually have to travel for 12 hours by bus just to go to singular tour manila, and some filipino carpenters lite "
" :  American-born Filipino here. Sometimes does the Tony Stark thing. Or the hooded jerk or arrow-shooting jer"
"Una respuesta corta para L Obrador castellano  del cruel invasor, fue enriquecido por lenguas amerindias "
"Filipino boys with barongs are sobrang gwapo"
"Sino pa ba ang maniniwala sa AFP kung sobrang dami na nilang pinapalaganap na kasinungalingan sa lungsod man o sa k "
"moments of love is actually a good filipino movie, and its the only fil movie na iniyakan ko lmaoo"
"good morning im exempted from doing our filipino defense ~~ "
"  Any spelling other than Filipino is wrong "
"before 8 daw dapat nasa school na pero ginapaglaban ko talaga yung Filipino time hnggggg"
",  &amp; everything nice! out this Filipino breakfast recipe with a nutritious twist from 's "
"  True friend like the US Sen. Grace where you chose to be a citizen? Lea Salonga is more princip "
"heneral luna wasn't that great, it's just the bar is so low for some people that what would otherwise be considered "
" Lollipop chicken! My husband orders it from the Filipino restaurant for parties."
"  You mean Filipino xd"
"Miss Universe Catriona Gray raises funds for abused Filipino kids "
"People in the Philippines will know this as , but in this Cape Filipino version, no macaroni and no hot dogs "
"I#carsonca doing #aapicommunity dirty? Quote from friend -doing what already done and de-funding what was alread "
"filipino boys without earrings, how do you live?"
" :      AHHAHAHAHAHAHH!  Me, Deadma sa mga Filipino Artists muna."
"Best Thesis in Filipino  "
":Toxic Filipino culture: Crab Mentality"
" : Beautiful ... brilliant compendium ... startling ... very informative ... a real pleasure to read. you very much"
" : Note: If you know how to prepare fish curries and New England clam chowders, you'd get a hang of Cape Filipino cuisine qu"
" : Not to mention that there are numerous Spanish, Portuguese, Latin American, and Southeast Asian influences on Cape Filipi"
" : Can we get funding for cookbooks on Cape Filipino cuisine and 19th century Philippine cuisine? Also: Filipinxs all over t"
" : Hi! I wrote a graphic memoir called #IWasTheirAmericanDream. Please support me by buying my book :D 's a coming of ag"
" : An example of Cape Filipino cuisine from Kalk Bay. PILCHARD FRIKKADEL "
" : Nobody:: My cousins are jalape. I mean Filipino"
"im so sorry if ur a filipino boy lol that must suck"
" : To whoever started the #ManilaEncounter trend, you're an angel for bringing out the best of Filipino literary minds on"
"  salamattttt sa pagtulong sakin sa filipino HAHAHHAHA ingatttt ka palagiiiii"
" : filipino media want to tell inspirational stories of indigenous ppl but don want to use actors/actresses who have darker"
"Nobody:: My cousins are jalape. I mean Filipino"
" : did juan mi//guel just say that unpopular opinion about  cinema cos he was one of the casts in the highest grossing Fi"
" I am a brown person of Filipino and Venezuelan heritage, I am proudly Canadian, I support  and I a "
"6:30 daw call time namin today and as expected maaga ako pumasok and nyeta pagdating ko iisa palang tao dito sa campus. Fvck Filipino time"
"toxic filipino culture  ka pa lang, pabalik na ,? sa kabilang kalsada ata ako dumaan "
" Bag ong teacher namos filipino ate"
"Ngayon nga pala report ko sa Filipino!!!"
" El disco chino...filipino.. Bendito! "
" : Filipino General during WWII:  objektib is to pind da German spy disguised as one of our own, SIGE?! soldie"
"O Canada   &gt;&gt; Alberta government to offer #Filipino language and culture curriculum by 2020 via  "
" : you know what i hate the most? dumbos pointing out grammar mistakes/english spellings every single fucking second. and using"
" : Her coverage of the 1990 Hotel Delfino Siege earned her the New York Film Festival Award for Coverage of a Breaking Story."
" : #March27 | On this day in 1964, award-winning Filipino journalist Jessica Soho was born in San Fernando, La Union. She sta"
" : Filipino interior designers use bright colors, animal prints, and metallic finishes to create a surprisingly flamboyant h"
" :   As one of your American fans I sure wish I understood Tagalog so I could more fully unders"
"Grilled pork belly is one of the easiest and most satisfying Filipino dishes out there. Simply marinate your pork r "
" Just outright racism. Doesnt even have to be from westerners. My dad berated me when I was young &amp; ju "
" : Fr Mark Pothier blessed the old ground of the old Filipino cemetery at the foot of the newly-named Manila Steps in Kalk Bay,"
" Selle, november 25, seungkwan , filipino"
"a any canta em talago mais conhecido como filipino, amo uma poliglota"
"i lost all the will to do my homework in filipino kay giatay wajod ko kasabot unsaon"
"Filipino always have each others backs man, it part of the culture  "
" Filipino"
"nothing brightens my day like befriending a filipino stranger"
"A great Filipino treat! "
"hendery calling ten -boom is just encouraging me to keep going with this  is half filipino rumour"
"yesterday was such a good day off. I stayed in bed all day and watched Filipino movies on Netflix and even better I left my phone on silent."
"   Good thing I not Filipino Kappa"
"I cannot believe there is a drunk pinay in #TheOA. She has a perfect Filipino accent. The scene is pretty scorching. "
"Made Filipino-style breakfast in less than 30 minutes. That means I: sauteed/stir-fried corned beef with potatoes a "
"before I knew what ate meant I thought my Filipino friends were just saying that they finished eating "
"Note to self: Don come to Jolibees in the afternoon. People will think you Filipino and start speaking in thei "
" Nah she Filipino "
"Starting today you can enjoy FilAm Coffee Company coffee at Manila Sunset Grille Rancho Cucamonga "
" : Can you tell me how on earth will all of these forms help the Filipino Learners? Because instead of us being able to impr"
" You don want the work on the sticks "
"     Thanks for the tag. I Alex and I write adult dark fan "
" : Hungry? Broke? Go to a local Filipino house. They feed you no matter who tf you are then say you too fat after."
"Sasabihin ko sana yung parehong bagay pero lol di lang naman yung presidente ganyan. Reflection lng talaga siya ng "
"  Love filipino food zz"
"Can you tell me how on earth will all of these forms help the Filipino Learners? Because instead of us being able t "
" : Sold! Filipino American Multinational Patriot Flag! #HonorBoth #OurPatriotism any 4, get 25% off! Buy any 10, get 50"
"Imagine Filipino AOCs in the House of Representatives, laluna sa Senado. They are there. Kaso, pinapatayan sila ng "
"Sold! Filipino American Multinational Patriot Flag! #HonorBoth #OurPatriotism any 4, get 25% off! Buy any 10, "
"Solid Fumiya!! napansin ko lang - nyahahaha, yes, he isnt a Filipino - but he had mad a difference! si Fumiya ang B "
" : My favorite thing on Instagram today is  commenting random Filipino words and phrases and the Finnegan s"
"huling paghuhula sa filipino aAaAaaA :("
"San Antonio Spurs honor 103-year-old Filipino WWII veteran "
"ven is filipino &amp; van is s korean SEND TWEET!"
"i really love being a filipino but there r just times that our culture &amp; mentality are so toxic &amp; messed up af"
"I wanna see a Filipino street fair happen on god I get down on palabok pancit and arroz caldo I craving so bad"
"  Name: Shieka: March 6: Lee Chan: Filipino: 04"
" Let me list out the ethnicities that people thought I am: Filipino Laotian Vietnamese Korean C "
"[ATTENTION TO JADES]  I R I N G:  Admin Admin Admin  AIST  dm if interested! "
"Malapit na pala ako mag report sa filipino :(("
" : With #GoodGirlsDont, Ana De Lara brings a Filipino Canadian story to the screen.  I came out of theatre school, th"
" :   mind me... I just having a proud #Filipino moment with  "
"MATH GALE ANG FIRST SUBJECT SUBONG ABI KO FILIPINO WAY KO TINUNAN HOY AMPHCVJFJCJXNC"
"One of my cousins: oh my thesis is about the identity of the Filipino Chinese, feeling cold dread: you don't say"
" firstly black isn an ethnicity.... and Somali and filipino"
"  'm so hyped but I'm lazy and there is something called Filipino time, that's why "
"Let celebrate all the love teams that Gen Z adored this 2019!://t.co/g9RdouKNdk"
" His voice reminds me Filipino Ej from MRHS lol   "
"Filipino time talaga hahaha"
"     Pictured: Bevraj and an unidentified Filipino woman. "
" : Filipino niggas be like "
" : - O'Connor, homicidios- Var, asi, disparo a bocajarro- Dir q es un filipino- Y eso, se?- Por el agujero"
"Love him hahahahah   filipino moms like to do stuff for us bc thats their way of showing that they care for us a "
"Filipino niggas be like "
"if u enjoy filipino (subject), good for u"
" i've gotten mexican indian filipino pretty much anything you can think of"
"This woman is Ethiopian mixed with Filipino . Talk about pretty as fuck"
"i was like why he quoting a tweet thats in filipino"
"There this filipino worker  walmart  that thinks we bout to steal at self check out. Makin sure she right b "
" Quick question, does everyone assume you Filipino?"
" : i holding all the hands of all the filipino carpenters today. sabrina loves y so much and would be there if she co"
" : there are so many filipino carpenters on my timeline right now so don tell me they not there #SaveSingularTourMan"
" : sabrina was really excited to see her filipino fans. international fans are always left out and this was something so sp"
" : no matter what the circumstances, there are filipino carpenters that were beyond excited to see sabrina, and she was so"
" : Live at 10am PT: We'll discuss  for Justice: The Life of Larry Itliong, an illustrated children book about th"
" You are a filipino, nobody can tell me otherwise"
"Samgyupsal Restaurant that assures you that will suit Filipino taste through Korean Food experience, all proudly co "
" :  is one of my favorite Filipino fruit.  daughter, Shelby gifted me the other day, sweet indeed! I mean the"
"Had a discussion about this last night lol. y didn know I was (mostly) part Filipino, what would y think I was?!?"
" thank for making it possible for us filipino fans to watch 9 months with courteney cox."
" : President need not to please those who chose not to believe what he is doing for our country.  really matters to h"
" :  _ Mahal kita           :: Filipino "
"A fave #filipino snack to munch on while at work. "
"  and its filipino too "
"  mind me... I just having a proud #Filipino moment with  "
" : Who's going with me?!! "
" : . will hold its DNA World Tour, and rejoice, Filipino fans, because Manila is part of its lineup. | "
"Hindi naniniwala si GMA Senior Vice President for Entertainment Group Lilybeth G. Rasonable na matamlay na ang lo "
"        El castellano "
" Quick Question are ya filipino? Because i really love that show so much!"
" : + if you don't understand the concept on how to improve your psychic abilities, take your time to study and just wanna"
" "
"12-Latim Te amo-Noruegu Jeg elsker deg-Ar Ana ahebik-Farsi Tora dost daram-Turco Seni "
"Why are we harboring treasoners into Canada? This Filipino woman is a spy and her daughter and her should never be "
"I always wanted a Filipino boyfriend...but I forgot that Filipino time is a thing "
"I just so proud to be a Filipino. "
" They good, I agree! But I biased because it owned by a Filipino. :)"
"waz pa ako naaral sa medical terms at filipino HAHAHA"
" : Explore San Francisco's Filipino food scene during Kulinary Confidential "
"For your evening commute, maybe you would like to read about one of Chicago's hardest weekend reservations, which a "
" :  Buti pa Yun intsik may nagtatanggol yun Filipino wala , pinapatay."
"I would not have guessed there were Filipino restaurants in Chicago in 1931. "
" : Journey for Justice: The Life of Larry Itliong, an illustrated nonfiction children book about the Filipino-American cofo"
" : Recommended reading for today: Bringing awareness to a forgotten Filipino leader/ "
" : You know, ok lang naman talaga magsalita in Filipino if you're more comfortable with it than English "
"     AHHAHAHAHAHAHH!  Me, Deadma sa mga Filipino Artists muna."
" : Live now: Gayle Romasanta discusses Journey for Justice: The Life of Larry Itliong, an illustrated nonfiction children"
" : Can't imagine Yamyam and Lie left for big winner announcement. The poorest life story will win. No, Fumiya can break this c"
"+ if you don't understand the concept on how to improve your psychic abilities, take your time to study and just wa "
"pretentious local indie films are NOTHING compared to the arthouse masterpieces in the 80s, experimental indie in "
" : #ThrowbackThursday Please, chica. That's nothing. I am old enough to remember racist crapweasel Keith Olbermann on MSNB"
" : I was so excited to see Crazy Rich Asians and was ecstatic about the Asian representation. FILIPINO mom said, ?"
" making moves for the filipino hip hop community"
" : Filipino families always be pressed if you not eating their food but also the first ones to call you fat ?"
"update: i got some from the filipino store and i screaming "
" : y'all say filipino boys ain't shit but fail to mention that CHINESE boys are demons."
" Now he just an xtra af Filipino tumblr kid "
"My niece is listening to fireflies....."
"#Filipino maid feeds milk mixed with her urine to a 7 month old #Kuwaiti baby "
"My wife is making a Filipino feast for dinner AND got me  book for my birthday???. I just. "
" : HOLD UP, she really did hop off a plane at LAX with a dream and a cardigan!! "
" : nigga finna watch  "
"My coworker let me take home some extra ube her husband made and it reminded me how relevant Filipino food/snacks w "
"#ElCascabel27M://t.co/dcK66JKIcm de la historia de nuestros descubridores que los presidentes mejic "
"Toxic filipino mindset:: Pag nanahimik ka, guilty ka.: Pero pag pinaglaban mo sarili mo, defensive ka."
" : For the first two weeks of April, , San Francisco official Filipino cultural district, will host a food c"
" Even Juan Rico being Filipino would not save it from the woke brigade. I can hear the whining now. Wome "
" I supposed that the speed of speaking English by Filipino men was slower than women one. And also, F "
" : Inigo Pascual, a famous Filipino actor and singer, revealed that his bias is Jungkook.://t.co/cImHSKpG6l "
"        mejicano "
" If you eat a lot of rice, it a mandatory appliance! As a Filipino, I never understood how other peopl "
"Toxic Filipino Attitude naay Politocian na nag hatag og flyers with wali. Ang mga tao 'kape lang amo' 'bisan candy "
"Kinakabahan ako sa Filipino, wala kaming mock trial script."
" : Pinoy Security Guard Bravely Discipline Foreigners After Being Rude To A Filipino Nurse "
" :   Correct.  If an ALP MP had done what Christensen has done, and been investigated by the AFP fo"
"S, a mi novia. Filipino, espab o as no vas a ning lado."
"I 23 this year, married and not living with my mom. But she still comes over, does my laundry, and cooks me food. "
" mo tanga ka talaga deku! gagoooo!!!! - Bakugo Katsuki (2019, Filipino dubbed) "
"I walked to a Taco Bell here in Texas and this chick really asked me if I want viet. Then after telling her i was F "
" :  Shigeoka is the best teenager from Japan is a VERY TV friendly Filipino looks to be the next"
" My mom does this every year to her home country of the Philippines. I went once and it seemed effe "
"Filipino pride! &lt;3  "
"I ain gone lie Filipino people were going to the  games when no body was."
"Le dije al filipino uds estan locos bailando a esta hora  dijo nunca lo habiamos hecho, desde que tu llegaste "
" _ Mahal kita           :: Filipino "
"HIS: 1899 Emilio Aguinaldo leads Filipino forces for the only time during the Philippine War at the Battle of Marilao River. 27/03"
" said when I interviewed him for a story: We need to strive to give authentic #Filipino recipe cont "
"filipinos are f*ckin crazy, it's wild when I see a non-filipino dating a filipino like you willingly put yourself i "
" Just wait and see.. When we see yiu behind bars. Mag celebrate tlaga ang buong sambayanang  Filipino"
"Some of the biggest names in the Asian VC scene are flocking to the #Philippines. After years of lacklustre growth, "
"Vocalsynth Philippines: A Discord server for Filipino fans of Vocaloid, UTAU, and other singing synths #LofeBot"
"Filipino guys Filipino girls                                      Kilig"
" : Performance tribute to the first pure blooded Filipino NBA PLAYER  KAI SOTTO! -FEU-NU-UST Cheer Alliance"
"  ich hoffe, mit dir mal, mein Filipino FCBayern idol in M zu treffen "
" omgg send the vid!!! wanna know more about current filipino memes "
" : Fear the Filipino Chicken Giant!!!! "
" please add more Filipino movies cause I almost done watching all of it."
"i forgot how much i enjoyed watching middle-class filipino family dynamics and drama play out on tv"
"I'm a Filipino and support the stand of Atty Richard Heydarian! #NEVERAGAIN #mpturbo4ever "
""
"Gaara alive? #ComicBook #work #selfie #goodmorning #pinoy #filipino #asian #igers #tagsforlike #instalike "
"CUTE BOY FROM MY FILIPINO CLASS SAT ON THE SAME BENCH AS ME I LOOK LIKE I GOT HIT BY A BUS PLS"
"filipino passing"
" skkskskssk joenel is the newest Filipino meme (you should watch the video its funnier w context)"
"English o Filipino  I prefer English (mostly) but I like our Filipino history, so pwede ba na both? "
"'And the funny thing is, while stating this, they didn come across as macho at all. No, even though Filipino men "
" are you filipino?? charot joenel"
"4th grade filipino ching chongs when they see the word bold "
" : Very well said  we just protecting him. The ONLY President who care for Filipino people after Marcos sa to"
"Mga di inaasahang pangyayari consistent ako sa filipino na may top hahahahaha"
"i love watching filipino vlogs lmaooo bc theyre always having fun???? and like??? charot lmao"
"I was so excited to see Crazy Rich Asians and was ecstatic about the Asian representation. FILIPINO mom said,  "
"First 10 buyers of the #KulinaryConfidential 8:30pm seating of 's 5 course feast on Mon, April 1 at "
"JOBS IN UAE***************** time admin assistant filipino - Absolute Uniforms - Dubai "
"Come enjoy our favorite Filipino Food Truck and learn about buying a new home, mortgages, and insurance, this Satur "
"Tangina muntik pa ako mapaaway sa dalwang foreigner kanina sa airport e. Sorry btchs coz filipino ppl don't give a damn."
"It's not too late to travel to Taiwan, Visa Free!  and book your flight with China Airlines - "
"Palace hit for downplaying Chinese 'harassment' of Filipino fishermen "
"The New First Filipino International Church. "
"this is one of my fave things to come out of the  test kitchen lately, and it also happens to be the star "
"The New First Filipino International Church "
"  Here it is in Filipino.  Lol' ang pamangking babae. not local Maui or e "
" hearing for Filipino domestic worker fired after getting cancer "
"Are your parents really filipino if they don pressure you into buying a lottery ticket when the jackpot high"
"someone go with me to the Philippines so we can become Filipino celebs and change the industry "
" : my favorite filipino proverb "
"The New First Filipino International Church ://t.co/CYABj9p756"
"You are invited the 2019 Filipino Mental Health Well-Being Summit in Los Angeles on April 13, 2019. More details he "
"President of the NJC Dr. Jorge Aguero organized the 92nd church in the territory of the State of New Jersey. The Ne "
"Turon with chocolate, matcha and passion fruit by Francis Ang of , one of the participants in San F "
" Good Health and thankful for his unwavering service for the filipino."
"For the first two weeks of April, , San Francisco official Filipino cultural district, will host a "
"i hate filipino boys bc i tell them im cuddling w my dog and they send me some shit saying ...i wish i was born as a dog.."
"Me, a Filipino:, BAR "
" Cisgender Filipino male"
"watching four sisters and a wedding on netflix this is the first filipino movie ive seen since i was like 12 only 1 "
"Most random hidden food gem, *laughs in Filipino* California's most random hidden food gem is this $12. "
", 4       Filipino Combat Systems International,   ,  "
"Si acepto variadas formas de pago , pero peso filipino, no se mame"
" : Filipino Vanessa Rodel and her seven-year-old daughter Keana, who helped to shelter former NSA contractor Edward Snowd"
" It because I Filipino.  writing a manuscript about them. A collection of short stories about th "
"Dear Alien, you scare me.://t.co/wfnrxuyKkg#alienisolation #scary #aliens #monster #killsme #butwhythough "
" :  &amp; Like if youre a Filipino designer, wanna see who else there is :)"
"Top 5 career choices in Filipino parents minds:. Nurse. Nurse. Nurse. Nurse. Engineer"
"Explore San Francisco's Filipino food scene during Kulinary Confidential "
"Shout out to  for my favorite Filipino dish! "
" : Kai Sotto may become the first pure Filipino player in the NBA.  are four other ballers who tried their luck in the"
"Toxic filipino mentality : Bat di mo gayahin si ano?  Buti pa si ano ganito, ikaw ganyan. "
", 4       Filipino Combat Systems International,     "
"Let them be them, let us be us.  are one of the most hospitable people in the world, but sadly we're "
" : Modern cinema just follows the same story format again and again :/ Cinema isn't even about showcasing art anym"
"Estoy que subo unos videos de una colombiana y un ecuatoriano ense a bailar reguet a una chica india, un fil "
"  I quarter Filipino"
"Filipino General during WWII:  objektib is to pind da German spy disguised as one of our own, SIGE?! sol "
"Me: I'm bored. You know what let's watch a Filipino drama so I can laugh and cringe at how cheesy it is, halfwa "
"Check out my first Filipino History Video Podcast: Rape at the Bay View Hotel in Manila. "
" omg was it a Filipino mom LMFAOO BCUS that happened to me  work too"
"   the best bit is that was just before the guy figured out Filipino is a kind "
"Filipino moms when they pregnant:  |               | |                |                  | "
"  my filipino ass just went "
" I'm Filipino but I live in Ireland"
" sadly nobody was ready for a filipino at that time"
" : FULL FOMO TRAILER://t.co/w8s8GsHW6B "
"fuck I am so full off this Filipino food "
"  Drive yourselves to my Filipino food thing tonight at 9:30  "
" : niggas be scared to crack soulection jokes like joe kay gotta squad full of 5 filipino shooters that finna pull up o"
" : Filipino-Canadian  went home to Philippines for the first time in 8 years. She told us about her experience h"
" : She's in rank 5 and the only Filipino included on Twitter's 2017 Most tweeted Celebrities around the world.#SocialMAiNE"
"Too many of my ygtb moots are Filipino,,, i love you guys but y'all start a twt in english and end it in tagalog and i am CLUELESS OSJSJDJ"
"Ay! Naging Filipino ang first-world poet."
"weird how the main characters in the starship troopers novel is filipino and they whitewashed him in the film"
" Are you filipino?"
"No explanation needed. His war on drugs has dismally failed and Filipino paid for it dearly in terms of human right "
" Criminally underrated pig-part, that one. I also recommend crispy pata (Filipino deep-fried pork knuckl "
" Hey! Come on! me basketball. Soccer's not so much of a Filipino thing. Also, the ladies here have d "
"   Filipino lex luthor? Leex Lutorr"
"  BEST??? Funny Keep believing yourself that they are the best... if u ask majority of "
" (Your Filipino lover has been turned into a pile of neutral gray powder with a penis)"
" : More than the issue na hindi naman dapat issue, I hope we watch the episode this saturday to really know the moral of the st"
"Coworker: He reminds me of my Asian friend: Is that racist??: No, he filipino with shitty heari "
"Cheesy Bacon Bombs Recipe by #PinoyRecipeAtIbaPa://t.co/4sxRX479Sp.#FilipinoRecipes #PinoyRecipes "
" :     (SOHR)     8   112623     %70     !"
"May you live longer Pres. #Duterte so that you can enjoy and appreciate the positive changes you done for our co "
"Can we get a Filipino super hero movie please.  MABUHAY"
"Omg best Filipino food ever... visiting aunties in California! "
"With #GoodGirlsDont, Ana De Lara brings a Filipino Canadian story to the screen.  I came out of theatre school "
" : At the  research festival,  prof Patrick Alcedo will explore Toronto's Filipino diaspora through a mult"
"The late #SFSU history professor Dawn Mabalon book about Filipino American labor organizer Larry Itliong was feat "
"Canned foods have been transformed and reborn in Filipino food, in spite of their colonialist roots. "
"One of London's outstanding bakeries plots a Battersea coffee shop "
"Filipino artist/singer Sarah Geronimo and TNT Boys performs  songs. Omg I love it. "
"One Great Love sucks compared to other Filipino movies lol"
"Just watched the filipino Cant Help Falling In Love movie and bitchie "
"BASTA FILIPINO (I MEAN HINDI LAHAT.) "
"Filipino people are literally the worst kind of customers"
"Foreigner Reacts to DE LA SALLE UNIVERSITY (DLSU)! Filipino University T... "
" : If anybody should get an apology from Spain in the country it should be the Chinese who were massacred here a few times u"
" Literally every filipino: "
" How do you do that as a Filipino that attends family events??"
"Filipino migrant workers in Alberta  desperate need of a community centre | The Star "
"Hello there, I spoke with 2 of your customer support on the phone today and both of them are unwilling to help me g "
"last mapeh science math english qh tle ss filipino quiz exam laug "
"I need to learn Filipino fr"
"   Hey, you are the one who said that. Morenas are beautiful. What I am tweeting is t "
"i sorry but do filipino drag queens know ANY SONGS OTHER THAN  Enough from  Greatest Showman? don g "
"In that skit, Paolo darkened his skin and acted as LeBron James saying depende to local reporters' questions as a "
"Sa question mo naman had been guilty of blackface for a long time. One example would be Paolo Contis's "
" I a viet boy dating a Filipino girl"
"Whenever I can, I try to do my part.  Knowing that people like me have done it helped me decide to apply to study i "
"Meet Sexy Guys "
"gabriel- fam e pessoal do pr-todo mundo- castelo e tonin ling- povo do jiu - gal "
" I gonna have to give this to Aguilar. His connection and empathy thru his songs resonates his underst "
"Los presidentes mejicano y filipino demuestran su resentimiento y falta de tacto; adem de una ignorancia malinten "
"I try not to kink shame people but I don't know if i could handle someone telling me to call them daddy.  are "
"the fil am boys who complain about filipino fuckboys ruining their chances are actually kawawa boys and that's that"
"Px: So, are you Filipino or Vietnamese? Been here long? Got your papers yet? b? This mufu'er."
"Today on Rob from wales .  of Filipino / Indonesian/Polynesian and Croydonesian patterns ! "
" There should a sharp contrast between Narda a Filipino and Darna a tall and beautiful alien. There should "
"I have officially been dubbed an honorary Filipino"
"One of my coworkers told me I look like Blake Lively and another just asked me if I was Filipino. What does this mean"
"   There should a sharp contrast between Narda a Filipino and Darna a tall and beautifu "
"An #Illinois law-firm representing survivors of clergy abuse released a list of almost 400 names of #Catholic clerg "
"I had a dream that I was cooking Filipino spagetts... it a sign"
"  There should a sharp contrast between Narda a Filipino and Darna an alien. There should b "
" : To start off our National Farm-worker Awareness Week, we wanted to honor Larry Itlong, a Filipino immigrant who was one o"
" : Come join for some fun #mixer #mixerstreamer #callofduty #BlackOps4 #streaming #streamer #Filipino"
"Suddenly remembered that I have some magazines here that have BTS related articles. Hahaha. How 'bout translating o "
" Swear bro! These lil filipino fuckbois keep stealing your style"
"    There should a sharp contrast between Narda a Filipino and Darna a tall beautiful alien."
" : When the Storm Fades follows the Pablo family living in Tacloban City, Philippines as they recover from Typhoon Haiyan -"
" : any Filipino Tita or Tito: anak, dahan-dahan lang, medyo tumataba ka na: "
" : Less than 2 weeks till the next  Filipino sharing feast on Mon 8th April - tickets here: "
"    There should a sharp contrast between Narda a Filipino and Darna an alien."
"Very well said  we just protecting him. The ONLY President who care for Filipino people after Marcos sa "
"By Kevin Sox The Samahang Basketbol ng Pilipinas (SBP) released a statement praising Kai Sotto for his decision and "
" : show me a filipino boy from yyc who doesnt play basketball, do photography, bboy / dance, cut hair, or is in a youth gr"
"When the Storm Fades follows the Pablo family living in Tacloban City, Philippines as they recover from Typhoon H "
" : The weather forecast is in the 70s, so we will have Halo Halo on the menu! Halo Halo (hollow hollow) is a popular Filipino"
" : I am Gemina de la Cruz, a staunch critic of corruption. In this coming National elections, I will campaign against all"
" Pues yo estoy fino filipino."
"Love Languages Explained [In Filipino] Plus More Tips! "
" Most govrnmt or private projects associated with china fund is a mess look at the long term negat "
"Big ups to our Tongan and Filipino Famili&lt;*&gt; if Ya Got Love ? Sure could use some extra To Aid My Niece&lt;*&gt; Love n H "
" : He emits pure Filipino Tita energy "
" Shigeoka is the best teenager from Japan is a VERY TV friendly Filipino looks to be t "
"The mapquest analogy -&gt; you have to know where you are coming from in order to get directions to where you are goi "
"Lars full name is Laramie Barriga ,, barriga pretty Filipino too "
"AMERICAN: Is it true that it is a normal habit of a FILIPINO to answer a question by a question? : Who told you that?"
" : #Exotic #wildlife, #mangrove #forest reserves, mesmerizing #lagoons, &amp; of course, perfect white sand #beaches, the #Sia"
" ngeee wala kabalo sa mga filipino artist hayssss dika pinoyyy hassaaaann "
"Philippines: Legal Officer based in Makati (for Filipino Nationals only) - "
"Philippines: Driver based in Davao (For Filipino Nationals only) - "
"at a Filipino fusion place and I just heard two white guys say words like  and  THIS IS WILD!!!!!!!!!!!"
"Wala bang Nadarang, Pauwi Nako at Dalaga dito sa Nectar? Paano naman kaming mga taga-Filipino Department. Mab "
"he was like  wouldn mind Sunday night dinners with filipino relatives after he found out i filipino"
" : i fucking love being filipino"
"Miss Universe Catriona Gray helped raised some US$6,000 (roughly P300,000) for abused Filipino children during a sh "
" is clearly a legalized -up for OFWs. There is nothing more cruel than a government that wants to make mon "
"First 10 buyers of #KulinaryConfidential 9pm seating of Chef 's Aliwang Lutu kamayan feast on Sun, April "
" : The Filipino striker and the Brazilian grappler figure in a bantamweight title clash for the third time in ONE massiv"
"Taod kayo dito e! love you Chibogs Filipino Restaurant Karaoke and Comedy Bar family! Salamat sa lahat, sana mag "
"    I'd honestly love to see more Filipino Arnis, Eskr "
"The Bay Area is now in the throes of a Filipino food boom, with contemporary restaurants and pop-ups such as FOB Ki "
" Filipinos are NOT Racist to Anyone But our own people.. How would u feel if a pale Filipino who looks "
" That's mostly because akala namin mga filipino lang din yung nagfofollow samin. We're not aware that t "
" : Join  as she discusses her book, Empire of Care: Nursing and Migration in Filipino American History at "
" :   But but the Filipino vote!"
" : Mga filipino sasali sa imbestigasyon ng ICC hindi daw papayagan ng gobierno, pati daw passport nila kukumpiskahin.."
" :     #JIMIN#RM#MAP_OF_THE_SOUL_PERSONA#Persona "
"Apparently I'm the filipino homie all my chinese and viet friends come to when they need to know where to find thei "
" : These kids just don't quit! "
" : Bay Area's Filipino food boom to be celebrated with Kulinary Confidential, a 2-week event starting April 1. "
"  Patricia, , 12-02-04, soonwoo (&amp;a bit of seokmin huhu), im a filipino "
""
"hes a white boy wearing filipino skin but ok"
" :  Filipino and Mexican pretty "
" Filipino and Mexican pretty "
" is this ur transitioning phase from indian to filipino jsdjsjd"
" : We're about to kick off the next 63 minutes of this episode with our +6THR3E New OPM Edition Mixtape! Listen to some slow j"
"Such a cheesy #lovestory #Filipino #movie   and Kath and James from Netflix a Big #ThankYou once again for t "
" Filipino/Hawaiian  "
" Also American occupation post Filipino American war"
"My favorite thing on Instagram today is  commenting random Filipino words and phrases and the Finne "
" I had to follow you since you have some Filipino in you! Yeah?"
"I would like to see PH courts to mete imprisonment &amp; fines to Filipino &amp; foreign priests committing sex crimes. Chi "
"Please check out  , an amazing artist who often brings Filipino mythologies to life!  I first foun "
"I need to learn more Filipino, retweet this please if you Filipino, Can someone teach me, and I need more Filipi "
" : .  people in Thailand do use chopsticks for street food. *always* look good with CHOPSTICKS. "
"Shoutout to   for streaming filipino movies!!!! Makes me so happy!!! "
"  It's a common practice with Filipino culture."
" : Congrats  ... Gawad Filipino Awards a Natatanging FILIPINA  sa larangan ng pag-arte sa telebisyon Dangal ng"
" Yah, but superman grow up in USA. He has to blend in the population.  should be a stark contrast b "
"March 27, 2019: FiSPS is now internationally recognized as an official member of WFHSS (the largest CSSD organizati "
"i just saw some filipino kid wearing a durag, A DURAG????? WHAT?"
"Was asked if my great grandparents had a college education. Well slavery/segregation was a thing for my black side "
"As a mixed Filipino girl, I heard many of these while growing up. Both from other members of my community and from "
" Thanks! Did not know about this book--will pick one up. I cook a lot of Filipino food, but I could use some new recipes "
".  people in Thailand do use chopsticks for street food. *always* look good with CHOPSTICKS. "
"LATEST SURVEY NG ORDINARYONG FILIPINO: 1-Marcos,2-Go,3-Chong,4-Gadon,5-Bato,6-Villar,7-Manicad,8-Tolentino,9-Angara "
"one thing that triggered me a lot was when my bfs mum bought me these t-shirts in a size large i cried bruh lmfaooo "
"   qu me lo preguntas? Yo no s de d vienes. Podr ser japon, chino, filipino, estadounidense "
"Who's going with me?!! "
"How is my roommate  gonna tell me I so Filipino and then get confused about why I won eat raw sus "
"Sometimes you need Cheese #Cupcakes, a #Filipino favorite to take the edge of a hectic week. Recipe is on "
"Filipino fam. Do any of you use coworking spaces in Manila/Philippines?"
"For #AmericanIdol , being one of the first Filipinos to represent her culture on TV reality singing co "
" AJSGSJSSH OMG ITS OKAY THANK U SO MUCH I WONT TROUBLE YOU THO QGSJSHWJJJ ITS PROBABLY HIDING IN A KOREAN "
"That one big ass cross!  ** in all seriousness... is the Mount Samat National Shrine in Bataan, comm "
"OMG!!! Amazing filipino singers/ X factor UK!!!! Pinoy power!!!://t.co/djw1fb9J12"
" : Lalong mas nakikilala si Senatorial Candidate Jiggy Manicad sa kanyang pagmamahal sa Pilipinas at sa Filipino lalo na"
" : Name one Filipino girl from high school who is not currently a nurse or on the track to being involved in the field of nur"
""
"Netflix added a shit ton of Filipino dramas so yalls know what I doing this weekend"
"putangina ang hina ko sa Filipino, wala akong naiintindihan sa ibong adarna nyeta"
" : La nueva perla del baloncesto filipino ha recibido ofertas de clubes de la ACB.  te cuenta qui se han inter"
" :  are satisfied w/ our govt effort to talk to CHN so that our fishermen will not be shooed away fr the shoal. recent"
"  first filipino cloud i became friends with i think? She is a serious softie.. or should i expose you? Okay? "
"   Compassion can help, but for clarification I a Puerto Rican, Filipino, Japanese "
"Idk what more dramatic this show or Filipino soap operas "
"The stunning I Am A Filipino by  +  just earned a  nom! our convo "
" still slightly have that Filipino accent. to myself: WTF, I been practicing the American accent for wee "
"We should make quality films more relatable. Otherwise a huge chunk of the Filipino audience will still resort to c "
" by ones i mean filipino boys "
"  Had my Nephews babysitter. Bring us lunch and she Filipino. She made Filipino foo "
"Never falling for a Filipino boy ever again"
"Gay massage porn salt lake city and filipino celebrity sex m - #celebritypornstar #pornstar "
"We need BFI-like institution to bolster the industry. Increase Filipino cinema reach by building cinemas in far-f "
"WHAT IS BODY BUILDING ANATOMY? Bagong blog ko mga idol  #Fitnessfirst "
" : FumiYam ftw! glad u both made it to big 4.  love u both but Yamyam is my Big Winner! this guy is just so admirable! he"
"Name one Filipino girl from high school who is not currently a nurse or on the track to being involved in the field of nursing, I wait."
""
"Anybody struggle with a Filipino mom? I just want to butter my toast. "
" : Phenomenal Box-office Star Kathryn Bernardo  accepts the Camera Obscura award for the highest grossing Filipino f"
" Soluci de la Dinojunta el 31 de agosto:.Benzema est fino filipino!!!.Ver Vinicius con pretempor "
"I need more Filipino friends to call them kuya "
"*cries in Filipino* "
" your Filipino accent is pretty good man! "
" I looked it up and in Filipino culture the hand on the forehead can be a blessing - or seeking a blessing."
"Come join for some fun #mixer #mixerstreamer #callofduty #BlackOps4 #streaming #streamer "
"Un d vi una pel Filipina en Netflix y ahora todo mi Netflix es de puro drama Filipino "
"The bakery specializes in Filipino pastries, and also offer customized cakes for any occasion. #bcitnews  "
"Yo when the filipino fam getting together I am craving some LUMPIA "
"Bay Area's Filipino food boom to be celebrated with Kulinary Confidential, a 2-week event starting April 1. "
"Completion nalang ako bukas yung filipino kaseeee nawala yung activity ko na isa yung mahaba pa tangina tatlong beses ko pang uulitin"
"Toxic filipino mentality, the i know it all mindset. it na di mo alam lahat accept the fact na may hindi ka a "
"My filipino friend used to call me like that ,,,paateemah idk man this is making me sad "
" : FILIPINO MEMES - a thread -"
"a filipino reference hello "
"I need some Filipino food in my life right now!!!"
"Special shoutouts to my dude Miguel Trinidad &amp; his partner Nicole for I Am A Filipino - he cooked one of the greate "
" : rt if you a filipino stay. let be mutual hehe"
" : No matter how busy you are today, you still have to cook dinner. This #Filipino Pork Bistik -Tenderloin with Calamansi"
"jade are filipino teens with straight black hair and dave and rose are black teens with curly blonde hair. end ID.] (2/2) #homestuck"
" :  IF YOU ARE A FILIPINO STAN JUST A MULTIFAN! I WANNA BE YOUR MUTUAL ~ "
" : Binatang Filipino, yeahhhhh  Bae   "
" filipino es sin de puntos! As juega Kai Sotto, el fen filipino de 16 a por el que pelean "
"hi team baka sa filipino, 30 mins yes"
"- capricorn - only wears black - 5'11 - filipino - single child - lesbian, trans female"
"  The Filipino network "
" : Yamyam is an epitome of a Filipino! cya yun eh.. yung alam mong mahirap ang buhay pero may pangarap para sa sarili at sa pami"
"let us not define being a filipino something worst or cruel. it's THE person's behavior not nationality. gets mo ba 'ko???"
" :  o Piovaccari? apuesta por el el regreso del internacional filipino, mientras que  cre"
"Putragis ngayon lang ako natapos sa Filipino "
"i watched this filipino movie yesterday and.. it was so confusing but SO funny, i liked it a lot"
"   Wait a tick!!  You mean the Filipino Victoria Secret model who slid into my D "
"  looks like my filipino uncle that gambles and smokes too much and always has tickets to a pacquiao fight hdjsjksk"
" Filipino but it could be Chinese because of the major influences :)"
" : Edith Superio Cabuslay  Pilot Aimee Carandang-Gloria  SF Filipino Cultural Center  Cebu's Happy Beach  Mango Bars -"
"Travel Is The Healthiest Addiction Yerevan Cascade Complex, Armenia......#photography #snow "
"For context of how crazy she is, she's Puerto Rican and Filipino, 4'11 and has fire red hair. She prefers i call he "
" :  your major?  yeah because you Filipino right? "
"By 2021, Artificial Intelligence (AI) will allow the rate of innovation of Filipino "
"#27_March # 1899 &amp;#8211; Emilio Aguinaldo leads Filipino forces for the only time during the Philippine War at the Battle of Mari.."
"Speaking of Filipino food  lol "
"just had my first fight over who should wash the dishes i truly Am a filipino adult now huh"
" : ANY E BAILEY CANTANDO EM TAGALOG/FILIPINO AHAAHAHAHSHSHSHSH "
"i think my dad is the only filipino who doesnt understand tagalog fucking dumbass bitch"
"purest bond with a Filipino mom was staying up late to help her make spring rolls for a big event"
"Meet These 8 Filipino Women Who Are Shaking and Changing the World "
"No matter how busy you are today, you still have to cook dinner. This #Filipino Pork Bistik -Tenderloin with Calama "
" Meanwhile you basically Shakespeare when talking to your Filipino friends."
"i know i don't have credibility when i say this, but mann, ya'll gotta stop romanticizing that being late is a Fi "
"tita just bc ur used to being around lighter skinned filipinos that shell out money for skin-bleaching products doe "
"a lot of the older filipinos that visit our office are always shocked when 1) they find out i filipino and 2) the "
"ANY E BAILEY CANTANDO EM TAGALOG/FILIPINO AHAAHAHAHSHSHSHSH "
"Imagine if a mole of one-peso coins were to be divided among every Filipino."
"There a Filipino restaurant near my new drs office....it over for my diet"
"Filipino movies are just too much for me to handle  #danielpadilla"
"Filipino moms when they pregnant:  |               | |                |                  | "
"Who is  Filipino-Australian Actor Migo Adecer? "
"  But but the Filipino vote!"
" :  Appreciated'm Dom, a Filipino illustrator. I do freelance illustration and character art. I enjoy painting stories"
" : International: Feast by , The Food of Northern Thailand by , and I Am a Filipino by "
"Blues Clues being rebooted with new Filipino-American host. I remember watching the original with my little cousins "
"Jade looks Filipino."
"Scandal at CA labor agency. finds nepotism, dishonesty, culture of fear, whistleblower retaliation, dis "
" OHMYGOFBDJDJS ARE YOU A FILIPINO CONVE NOW"
"And the way his parents looked like + fashion style are filipino-like :)"
"Yup lars is definitely filipino, he said some key words:  gonna come to the party with my family weird cake "
"Some people get offended with me not liking their food but the thing is,they don't like Filipino food,either."
" :  *sendin' some Filipino Merry love*"
"Look at my beautiful customer  wavy unit in action  got ready to ship Filipino wavy and loose curly "
"Hi . I really enjoyed listening to your #PBS #Frontline Dispatch podcast piece Blood and Power in t "
" filipino culture "
"Another day, another ha?! Filipino ka pla?! Weh di ka mukang pinoy!"
"fil-am. half filipino, half amp0ta"
" *sendin' some Filipino Merry love*"
"Anong website pwede makapanood ng filipino movies?!"
" : The Eat-With-Your-Hands Kamayan Feast at Junior Filipino Restaurant in Montreal #filipinofood "
"1 Korean, 1 Indonesian, 1 Filipino "
" : Last Cinco de Mayo, I sat my employees down and explained that the exaggerated Hispanic accents they were using were likely"
"If you Filipino you know what  eyes is "
" : I once stole a whole bottle of banana ketchup... (a restaurant review) ://t.co/1AmFgPcuNH"
" Any Filipino people in your building? They LOVE karaoke."
"A fellow Fil-Am coworker said why is it that filipino parents want their son/daughter to be a doctor?... i can re "
"Hisham Pandapatan is so freaking tall now and that filipino guy wore braces now"
"Walang disiplina. Wala rin bang basurahan?  "
"i need to have filipino lessons again . the amount of words i had to translate . feeling like a headass "
"really? settled like how?  That she may run for public office. That she Filipino. "
"Because Carpio still remembers that he's a Filipino. Habang kayo, CH passport na yata hawak nyo. Inanyo. Bwisit. "
"Non catholic Colonizer tried to tell me, Filipino, product of 300 years of Spanish catholic colonizer rule that I d "
" POP UP EVENT!!  on the Street Pop-up Pt 2 with Twisted Path Distillery, Enlightened Brewing Company, an "
"pero i don think it blackface. Di naman ginawa ng mmk para mang mock. Yun lang, sana mas may diversity sa filip "
" : First 10 buyers of the #KulinaryConfidential 8pm seating of 's 6 course exploration into Japanese Filipino c"
"For #AmericanIdol Jasmine Trias, being one of the first Filipinos to represent her culture on TV reality singing co "
"The inauguration of Utah Valley University President Astrid S. Tuminez is underway, launched with a Filipino folks "
" Filipino boy = me boy = cute?????  = not cute"
"I think the reason there in my dream was, their revenge from a filipino who raped a german. Idk, 'twas a hazy memory"
"Totoong mahal ang mga Filipino! Yan ang Senator ko! #BamAquino "
"Listen to Still Spinning's podcast w/ ! He discusses his new work Homebound/Alaala, which explores his F "
"Ive been told that i look Filipino by two customers already, i dont see it at all "
"Dyino-diyos-diyos nyo kasi o sina-santo-santo ang mga TAO lang na mga yan. Pero itong isang ito, HAYOP "
"The isis agent that tried to kidnap me. Was Filipino."
"all i can think about rn are the times i cross dressed for school????? dressing up as padre damaso back in gr 10 fo "
"#MyPhBoy ctto vid up on YT Matthew Cruz Shredded Flex://t.co/ckqcPxhpXy#pinoy #filipino #asian "
" : Bahala na! bang Filipino na hindi pa sinabi 'yan kahit isang beses lang? "
"i need sum filipino food  ughh"
"Filipino ang dapat suportahan! Yan si Senator  "
" Yes and I didnt eat soy sauce till i married a Filipino. Use to be butter and rice"
"Put my longanisa in ya stomach callat Filipino food"
" texts in filipino LMFAO"
" : Ayon sa kasaysayan, hindi naging isyu sa mga sinaunang Filipino ang kasarian. Pareho ang paggalang sa mga kababaihan at kalala"
"filipino project is killing me like seriously. pati mga kapatid ko pinatulong ko ;-;"
"Toxic filipino thinking in a nutshell "
" : Mayumi character by . If you wanna see Mayumi in action. check out his fictional Filipino web seria"
"I was introduced with the 21st century literature and those are for keeps man! International writers piece's were s "
" : Hihi naaliw ako dun sa Kakwentuhan Mo Jenica Sotto.  Filipino-Chinese friends, puro Mandarin po ba ginagamit nila"
"Magnifico is still a classic! I don know how many Filipino films for the 2010s decade will be part of the next ca "
"Filipino Plate #ethnicfoodicrave  #pork #vegetables #hawaiisbestkitchens  John A. Burns School of Medicine "
" I've spent a lot of time in the homes of Asian-American families. First and second generation. My clients "
"According to local reports and sources within the ongoing investigation, Fr. #ArmandGarcia had a relationship with "
"FUMIYA IS MY BIG WINNER!!! ako nanonood ng PBB dati. Pero sinubaybayan ko online dahil sa FUMIYAM  Good vib "
"  There are Spanish words in Filipino, right?"
"Congrats! Thank so much    for being part of your  launch....wh "
" ? Me suena a eso."
" Yessss! There food is like walking into a Filipino grandmas kitchen  and they hook it it up too!"
"Ssshhh! Don tell your Mother #pinoy#filipino#massage "
"Overdoughs launches new cookie line made from 100% Filipino-made chocolates "
"we have a final speech for our speech 30 class and i cant decide on a topic so pls help. feminine hygiene produc "
" What??? I Filipino through and through."
"First 10 buyers of the #KulinaryConfidential 8pm seating of 's 6 course exploration into Japanese Filipi "
"On the way to the Manhattan-bound N train in Long Island City, a delivery man whistles the melody of  I Loved Yo "
"pagdedebate (as in filipino) is awesome but mathcourts are no words wiwiw hars"
" Talk about Filipino fusion"
"  Name: Sabrina: July 9: Hoshi (ult) &amp; Jeonghan: Filipino: "
"best filipino loveshot cover "
"Migrante Hernando said the compulsory contribution is a detriment to Filipino migrant workers. could we ens "
" esta palabra?  En filipino se refiere a la necesidad urgente de apretar o pellizcar algo lindo  "
"Aba, babalik na pala ang Blue's Clues!  &lt;3  At si Joshua dela Cruz na ang bagong host. ^_^ "
" : Filipino documentary movies are actually very realistic and high class but no one is interested to pay attention https://"
"Even though na ndi Filipino c Fumiya, wala siang right maging Big Winner.  Kung yung mga Pinoy nga na sumasali sa I "
"ykdv just got into nursing school gang shit feel me where the filipino bitches at lemme impress ya moms"
" : Toyo Eatery is the only Filipino restaurant on the list. "
"Finalizing names for the wedding invites... what is Tita Dang first and last name?... I forgot. "
"there is a guy where I work that we nickname ( the Chinese ) and he talks and acts like every other Portuguese bu "
"i holding all the hands of all the filipino carpenters today. sabrina loves y so much and would be there if s "
"Less than 2 weeks till the next  Filipino sharing feast on Mon 8th April - tickets here: "
" : NAKABABAHALANG KADILIMAN is from a Filipino Professor of the University of Singapore - - Amortization Amount of 0.00038% of t"
"Best Filipino teacher since day,  labyu mamsh  "
"there are so many filipino carpenters on my timeline right now so don tell me they not there #SaveSingularTourManila"
"    Beauty is otherworldly? Okay talk to our Miss U. Then come back if "
"it's funny that from all the Portuguese people I know around with only a handful of them look like gypsies and one "
" : subject excellence in Math excellence in Science excellence in AP excellence in MAPeH excellen"
"  pero que dices si a mi la multiplicaci me ha dado a filipino champ"
"black people loveeeee Filipino food "
"sabrina was really excited to see her filipino fans. international fans are always left out and this was something "
"Live now: Gayle Romasanta discusses Journey for Justice: The Life of Larry Itliong, an illustrated nonfiction chi "
" : no matter what the circumstances, there are filipino carpenters that were beyond excited to see sabrina, and she was so ex"
"Ang toxic mag laro ng ibang Filipino gamers tangina."
" Undoubtedly true. A pregnant Filipino maid will be flown home as a threat to the Jewish state"
"I Miss Old Filipino Movies where may OutIng bigla 3/4s into the Movie at may Dance Number "
" I from Canada but I a Filipino"
" : I have my own reason to skip because you're such a toxic person konting galaw may sinasabi na pala sa iba, that's one of"
"after watching Dr. Batan's video about understanding the Filipino Children and Youth in a kaleidoscope world is giv "
" I love bts so much especially Jimin,bts is my happiness,bts is my life,Filipino Fan is here,We love you Bts"
"Minsan lang ako makinig ng mga Filipino rap music pero pakshet sobrang bop nito???  "
" : Fund my Trip to Festival de Cannes: Good day! My name is Celina Mae Medina and I am a 22-year-old Filipino independent"
"A yt guy I used to fw refused to believe i dont do anal because his Filipino ex was all up on that "
"I have my own reason to skip because you're such a toxic person konting galaw may sinasabi na pala sa iba, that's o "
"billie &amp; emma is such a valid film. more sweet n pure n gay filipino films like this please :&lt;"
""
" :  are here to tell you our stories, our thought processes, about how we came about our art, and how we can help elevate not"
"Being nice takes you a long way"
" mixed with filipino "
"Still! Sobrang creepy ~ Parang ayoko mag cr ` HAHA! Watched eerie yong kaka-kilabot mo palang kikilabutan ka nanama "
" I spoke a small amount of Tagalog to a Filipino customer at work a few days ago.  I could tell she w "
" Why We LOVE Siargao! The Best Filipino BBQ EVER?! "
"no matter what the circumstances, there are filipino carpenters that were beyond excited to see sabrina, and she wa "
" : #BTS # #MAP_OF_THE_SOUL_PERSONA Comeback Trailer #Persona("
"That trailer looks crazy good!! Ugh anticipation how much longer!! #MAP_OF_THE_SOUL_PERSONA"
"the equivalent of my parents meeting filipino expats from ireland in the lagoon today "
"pachill chill lang ako pero wala pa talaga akong gawa kahit isa dun sa requirements para sa filipino"
"JOBS IN UAE***************** Accountant - Filipino Female - Forbes Middle East - Dubai "
" OH MY RIGHTTTTT is starting to look like Sal but mixed with filipino"
" Filipino o indinesio"
" hahahaha jinjja? i wouldn't be surprised if one day you can already speak fluent Filipino"
"more like  look more like a filipino mom. or  look like dora but now you just need bangs. "
" : HELLO I HOPE THIS IS ALLOWED I JUST REALLY NEED YOUR HELP AS A FILMMAKER AND A FELLOW CREATIVE name is Celina Mae Medina a"
"Wala naman akong rereviewin sa filipino eh HAHAHAHAHAHA wala akong alam sa noli"
"All the nurses and carees I see are not European but Filipino so irrelevant. "
"Within every Filipino heartbreakers, there was that person that broke their heart first. "
"Growing up in a filipino family: never had the chance to speak for yourself because you will be called a palasagot and bastos na anak"
" : it really is a reminder of the colonialism that occurred in the philippines :/ i really do not like filipino media right now."
" : L!!!! many filipino these days reject their moreno complexion and it really sucks when they see these characters in animati"
"Fumiya is my 3rd Big Winner. His unselfishness and pure love for Yamyam is proof that no amount of gold can measure "
"my filipino mutuals deserve to be able to see sabrina, hug sabrina, talk to sabrina, grow with sabrina, and have be "
"  foi muito dif decorar a parte em filipino da m? Pq eu ja to sofrendo pra decorar  love you!"
" seems like you know a lot of Filipino terms already"
" I try so hard to not speak Filipino kay bisaya man gud ko nya puro ra Tagalog diri ba"
"para sa susunod mong partner. filipino or still hapon? hahaha  Kahit ano importante pa ba yan "
" Which Filipino filmmakers would you recommend to casual viewers like me?"
"    Tell us. What your solution since you think the Filipino mas "
"Live at 10am PT: We'll discuss  for Justice: The Life of Larry Itliong, an illustrated children book abo "
"No Filipino flavour? It's prob cuz we weren't a  colony. We were . But if there were a Filipino flavor, it woul "
"Hi Filipino Elfs!! Just want to invite everyone especially the Eunhyuk, ZhouMi and Siwon's stans.  conduct "
" K now my Filipino uncles who are in the Navy with me are looking and going  IS THAT YOUR GIRLPREN "
"It's really funny when I see non filipino people follow a filipino flan recipe and I see them serve it to someone l "
"Palace: ... To a land he vowed to be free from drugs and crimes where each Filipino will enjoy a comfortable life. "
"for those who havent seen bata bata paano ka ginawa &amp; dekada 70.. yall need to see it. thank u to my filipino teach "
" : Headhunter: so what visa are you on?: im sorry?: visa sir.: i dont currently have a visa: sorry, but aren you of"
"  Regardless of any political color being a Filipino, it is our solemn responsibility to "
"hays she will always be my fave filipino mua  "
"Live at 10am PT: We'll discuss  for Justice: The Life of Larry Itliong, an illustrated children book abo "
"Toyo Eatery is the only Filipino restaurant on the list. "
"2 Researches deadline on April next week . Journey of the Filipino Students learning Japanese and Chinese langua "
"A. R. G. "
"kung sino man nagtranslate ng filipino version ng indolence of the filipino ni rizal ang lalim di ko keri mas naint "
"im a filipino but i do not understand the text im reading what the fuck"
"This article remains to be relevant, two years on. Thank you Fiona Cassie for this special report. nurses: "
"HB823 [NEW] Relating To Filipino Veterans. "
"samoka aning filipino oi takag sabat kibaw nang mag play pata sesss :&lt;"
" :   It's for you "
"y ever just look at someone &amp; know they filipino bc of their nose"
" : Throwback... Filipino feminists like Risa Hontiveros had abandoned Mrs Patricia Bautista   "
"Nahanap ko rin yung creator ng Filipino postcards !!! "
"Sundin ang puso  perfeita demais, o vocal da diarra perfeito o Josh cantando a parti do rap a any e bailey cantand "
" : how tf are both mexican and filipino parents known for being hella lenient with their kids drinking and i have both but"
" well its time for a accent change from filipino to american to BRITISH (yeah we have an accent)"
" : *The detective crosses over the yellow police tape and look at the gruesome sight of a dead girl.: Report?"
" siya yung best in english and filipino diba, si kuya macalino hahahs"
" And those Filipino titas  they a whole other level of exhausting "
"Di porket indie film, maganda na at artistic. Iba, poverty porn lang na gusto makalaban sa Cannes. Wala naman pake "
" gulat ka nohhh akala mo kung sinong binatang filipino "
" Hey Cristy I watched a Filipino movie called Bride for rent and remembered you! BTW it's really good."
"Puta ang gagwapo naman ng mga Filipino pero bat kpop gusto niyo hahaha"
"feelin' extra filipino today~"
"  You guys did that yesterday, with her Marilyn Monroe pic and your Filipino story...LMAO"
" ahahaha dalagang filipino yahh "
" Some Filipinos are so fake  like I know I Filipino but bro... they so tiring to be around some times "
"I promised my self to watch MARIA on its first showing day and damn it did not fail me! The BEST FILIPINO ACTION FI "
"Ojal yo en una txalupa ahora mismo comiendo filipino y kas de naranja tampoco pido mucho. "
"So it will be my first time working in the Philippines. Di pa ako nag s start, pagod na ako. I really salute Filipino workers. "
"Filipino toxic family culture!"
" And ya shot w 400 and 200. Also, didn have the time to shoot fam in shirt so I gave it to my cousin wh "
"Thank you PBB for giving us LAYF. Loudre is an inspiration and LOU is such a beautiful person in and out. Continue "
"These Filipino movies on Netflix be having me crying like a lil bitch "
"where my filipino moots at .. i miss taking in tagalog"
" : Good luck, Kai Sotto  Sotto has decided to chase his dreams to be the first homegrown Filipino player to make it to th"
" Ito-tolerate b ng mga filipino ang ginagawa ng.mga taong ito? Nasisikmura ba ng military ang nangyayari sa gobyerno ngyon?!"
"Siya: You a Filipino??: yeah why: ...Y0uRe t0o wHiT3!!!: ... w h a t "
"Recommended reading for today: Bringing awareness to a forgotten Filipino leader/ "
". and  for paving the way in NYC for #Filipino dreamers like me. #Pinoy POWER and SIGI NA "
"Well... talk about dreams coming true  a few years ago, I never thought that #Filipino food would be cool. "
"I LITERALLY made plans for this year and its not just looks but some entertainment for my filipino and internationa "
"Watching -Ada Apa Dengan Cinta?(English:'s Up with Love?) is a 2002 maganda siya sana may fil "
" tu  mt poliglota scrr ainda cantou em filipino"
"ON LIFE , Mfs better not say shit to me today tomorrow the next day NOTHING"
"These are my favorite #Tagalog curse words when I feeling #hellapinay during road rage. #pinoylife #pinoy "
"Nagluto ako ng Picadillo para baon bukas. Ss kagustuhang matapos agad, kumuha ng tomato sauce, binuksan at binuhos. "
" I can speak for Filipino Americans... they are eating it all up. But I do wish there is a balance by a "
"Filipino at AP please pirma na bukas HAHAHA"
"TLE we gooo.  Last 4"
"done watching #Eerie shuta panuorin nyo!!!! hindi sya yung typical filipino horror movie swear! from cinematography "
"Filipino's and Asians!!!! This is the bomb!!!! Microwavable like a popcorn!  Carlsbad, California "
"File this also under: Old Filipino anesthesiologists. "
"Join  as she discusses her book, Empire of Care: Nursing and Migration in Filipino American History a "
"What a beautiful LAYF. Thank u Lord for hearing my prayers for Loudre. Thank u PBB for giving LAYF to Filipino peop "
" : Let engage in more conversations on Filipino American mental health. "
"Puring-puri umano sila ng mga pasahero dahil sa mabilis at maayos na pag-evacuate sa kanila sa gitna ng sungit ng p "
"The Eat-With-Your-Hands Kamayan Feast at Junior Filipino Restaurant in Montreal #filipinofood "
"its ridiculous how Filipino shows emphasise love teams so much that most people base and determine their votes thro "
" your major?  yeah because you Filipino right? "
" : If you see me crying at the end of End Game mind your business"
"FumiYam ftw! glad u both made it to big 4.  love u both but Yamyam is my Big Winner! this guy is just so admirab "
"so skl kase y not. Performance Task kami before sa Filipino about sa mga maloloko, nagpapaloko and all the oth "
"Me and my bestfriend talked in English language (instead of tagalog) since bts dropped their comeback vid. this is "
" not even filipino and I know this "
"This shit wack ."
"  naniniwala rin akong hindi lamang ang wikang Filipino ang dapat nating paunlarin, kundi p "
"    a nossa nova poliglota, portugu, ingl, espanhol e filipino, qua "
" Hahaha nasa momentum kasi ang LouYam gawa ng message ni  kuya. Ang FumiDre nagta.translate pa  Sana pag "
"BBC News - Filipino firm Jollibee takes on US fried chicken chains "
" Yang 5, 2001 Seungkwan ' steal this huehuehue   #SEVENTEEN #"
"Salamat sa iyong suporta ! Filipino! ://t.co/RPLlpVVKaN"
" : Support Filipino-owned businesses in Historic Filipinotown! Visit the link at  to become a Backer &amp; get specia"
" : Diplomacy through art. Lovely exhibition hosted by Ambassador Petronila P Garcia at the Philippines Embassy  fe"
" Colmenares is a legal front man of CPP-NPA confirmed by Joma Sison himself. is the reason for the "
"Best in Filipino"
"Toxic filipino culture is when they are acting like they really care and concern about u but honestly they just wan "
" hmm thanks! i'll check out the filipino supermarket"
"  higit pa ito sa pagtuturo lamang ng kaalamang balarila at pag-unawa sa akdang binasa. hind "
"Tita Collective: 'We're like the spice girls of theatre,' with a Filipino twist | CBC News "
" Omg Inn I remember thissss kita jud to and Filipino time HAHAHAHA "
"sino sa room ang magaling magsalita salita  kung salita salita kay lahat kami pero kung yung may sense na salita k "
"most Filipino comedy films ends with an action scene "
"when random white people come up to me and say something in filipino &lt;3"
"Test papers sa tle at 2md grading papers sa filipino magpakita kayo sakin bukas bago pumasok, amen."
"  sumasang-ayon ako. mahalaga na sa murang edad ng mga bata ay naiintindihan nila at nagagam "
"As a fellow filipino, this is relatable as heck! #BTS "
" :   I know you have a lot of FILIPINO folloers. FUMIYA NEED your help to be the BATCH WINNER just post"
" Hahahahahahahah are you a Filipino??"
" : You may not be a Filipino by Race but You showed us that You are a Filipino by Heart. To the Most Genuine and Selfless"
" : Beautiful day in SF Yerba Buena Gardens for some speed chess with Ignacio. Got the Filipino titos in the back battling i"
"Tuyo has gone digital and I couldn't be prouder - the Filipino consumer is really embracing e-commerce. "
" And support Filipino vloggers. Hahaha may kulang ano chant mo?"
"you sure u are not filipino ???? hahaha "
"Magic2 ko nalng ang filipino bwas as in wala gid ko kabukad hahaha"
"Can't imagine Yamyam and Lie left for big winner announcement. The poorest life story will win. No, Fumiya can brea "
"filipino ..pakai duit poket sendiri je . ... kat malaysia kerajaan guna duit rakyat 1 juta untuk buat prototype mo "
" i feel like those guys can't use english as well as they can use filipino so they try to belittle other "
"kinda wish that i had an older sibling to help me with life it hard growing up in a filipino household as the eld "
"Sorry i'm a fake filipino half ko"
" we will come back stronger  Filipino Pride "
" i would love to learn more about filipino culture !"
"I AM A FILIPINO SO LEMME SPEAK TAGALOG NA HEHE"
"Parang yung.. Filipino sayings na  di ka tumingin sa pinangalingan di ka makakarating sa kinaroroonan idk bigl "
"Modern cinema just follows the same story format again and again :/ Cinema isn't even about showcasing ar "
"Sharing drunk ass pics and videos during our Filipino family breakfast   "
"Well, this is fucking dandy. My dad is too fucking sensitive to be called a fully grown adult male. And Filipino cu "
"if someone asks me if im a nurse one more time bc im a filipino, im actually gonna lose it"
"In short, Filipino society is living in a cancerous society because some of them are 'cancer cells' that has been t "
"wait not english not filipino tweet??????"
" : Toxic Filipino Culture: The Filipino itself."
"Learn Filipino Grappling (Dumog) with Paul Ingram April 6th and 7th. at #cqc "
" : The voice meme back then was so good French was a desaster Dutch was not even that bad Indonesian and Filipino and"
"According to local reports and sources within the ongoing investigation, Fr. #ArmandGarcia had a relationship with "
"Can we stop the Filipino Time and practice being in the meeting place 15 or 10 mins before the actual time? It's ve "
" : 1 Month. #AvengersEndgame "
"natapos na den ang MAPEH,Filipino,Science,English,and TLE!!!!tatlong portfolio nalangggg"
"You may not be a Filipino by Race but You showed us that You are a Filipino by Heart. To the Most Genuine and Selfl "
" : Three Filipino American chefs are on the 2019 list of semifinalists for the prestigious James Beard Awards -- Tom Cunana"
" VDMFHKDHDHD ginawang pormal na filipino??"
"  I know you have a lot of FILIPINO folloers. FUMIYA NEED your help to be the BATCH WINNER just "
"Filipino Style: Chili Mud Crab Recipe | How to cook Chili Mud Crab "
" : Idk how attractive you are. If you have no personality, you ugly "
" : 100 Best Filipino Films Directed by Women "
" : Do me a favor. Take a second and talk to the people you love, even if it's just a text or an email. Something unexpected can ha"
"Benedict Ignacio propped up a straw man version of Filipino just so he could argue that it must be flushed down the "
"The voice meme back then was so good French was a desaster Dutch was not even that bad Indonesian and Fil "
" i support this thread sm filipino mentality omg nakakainis talagaaa di naman kasalanan ng mga babae "
" If filipino food favorite ko madami eh HAHAHA pero I can name a few of them like Sinigang, Sisig, Ado "
"#GastronomyTourism #FibegaMiami2019 #Foodie #foodtourism  cuisine at Melbourne Food and Wine Festival "
"respect our own choices. kung gusto mo magfilm critic, please do sandwich feedback not create a border line bet "
"My first proposed Philippine bill to include Bisaya Dialect basics in Filipino learning. Visayas and Mindanao uses "
" :   um tiro atr do outro. Teve afraid of letting go, da veio Paran pra n matar e agora sunding ang puso"
"A new drama is aiming to diversify stories of #migration and #diversity in Hollywood-- Yellow Rose is about a 17- "
"DTI promotes Filipino brands overseas://t.co/6LyZABlyCA"
"Look at that. Benedict Ignacio just propped up a straw man version of Filipino just to argue that Filipino must be "
"Yamyam is an epitome of a Filipino! cya yun eh.. yung alam mong mahirap ang buhay pero may pangarap para sa sarili "
" na, birthday pa is peak Filipino humor and you can tell me otherwise"
"I need to cleanse my eyes "
"So friday pala ang oral defense sa Filipino"
" : why do black people and Filipino people have this automatic link."
" I just met another Filipino guy in the neighborhood the other day with a Loud and Proud #2A shirt. "
"   Look at that. He just did yet another strawman attack on the Filipino language. "
"[update chara]  bossbaechu: If RVsmtown did Level Up Project in the Philippines:-Irene haggling in Filipino and "
"I thought 'has left the chat' 'has been added to the group' 'has been kicked out' was a filipino meme "
" o Piovaccari? apuesta por el el regreso del internacional filipino, mientras que "
"grabe grade ko sa filipino.1st quarter to 4th grading.grade ko 85?sunod sunod,wala man lang pinagbago"
" : toxic filipino culture: wag ka mag multimedia arts, pang mga bobo yan"
"today wasss.... shinjuku with a filipino friend, SAW ANNELIES!!!!YAY!!!!!!! and then shibuya with emma and annelies "
" English: fuck you asshole!: P "
"Yamyam is my big winner not because he is poor but because he is a dreamer, a friend (to all esp Fumiya), a kuya (t "
"The "
"Please please help us Filipino Zara Stans. Help us get DWAM in radio stations. They slept on Ruin My Life. "
"yi3 anong oras na wala pa akong narereview  pati reviewer sa Filipino wala pa kong gawa "
"Toxic filipino culture? Yung nasa taas ka pero ayaw nila so manghihila sila pababa "
"filed under things that annoy me on a daily basis: my father not fixing my spanish nationality. like honestly, wh "
" Uyhahaha 26, 2000 LMAO"
". . . Update Chara : when do u think will twice visit the Philippines?  idk but i hope they visit there soon. thi "
"    ai any voc CABTANDO EM FILIPINO MEU CORA N AGUENTA PORR"
" magnete was the worst/best because i get to be a Filipino magneto"
"Another one opinion: just because I'm not wearing my glasses, it doesn't mean I'm blind "
"Join Group ://t.co/MVJyET2dTy#magazine #vouge #glamour #gq #playboy #filipino #texas #uk #photographer "
" :  hi need your help again. Please vote for FUMIYA!  he's also a vlogger, he's pure Japanese but with a Fi"
"Binatang Filipino yeah! #dalagangfilipinachallenge://t.co/PMF86qnWjo "
" when do u think will twice visit the Philippines?  idk but i hope they visit there soon. this or next year cause "
" : [] hiii !! i love your acc and oh, a fellow filipino jihoon stan i would want to know u better:&lt;"
" nay update  when do u think will twice visit the Philippines?  idk but i hope they visit there soon. this o "
" Mag filipino pa ta"
"when do u think will twice visit the Philippines?  idk but i hope they visit there soon. this or next year cause i "
" I like the filipino "
" : BB YAMYAM TO 2366 WELL-PRESENTED ATTITUDE OF A FILIPINO #PBB8Batch2BigFour"
"when do u think will twice visit the Philippines?  idk but i hope they visit there soon. this or next year cause i "
"BB YAMYAM TO 2366 WELL-PRESENTED ATTITUDE OF A FILIPINO #PBB8Batch2BigFour"
"[Update Chara] when do u think will twice visit the Philippines?  idk but i hope they visit there soon. this or ne "
"Yiee nakita ko na filipino nb ko , halika na't magsulat na tayoowww"
"Best in math,science,filipino? Yang mga yan? Yan yung mga award na di ko nakuha kaya bawi nalang ako next year haha "
"The only thing that should come first is the Filipino people. How is it that our country have employed 103,000 Fore "
"WOH IT PANOORIN ANG FILIPINO FILMS SA SINEHAN !!!! "
"when do u think will twice visit the Philippines?  idk but i hope they visit there soon. this or next year cause i "
" Thank you Indonesian fans for cheering and being proud of Nadine when most her own Filipino FANS cou "
"Edith Superio Cabuslay  Pilot Aimee Carandang-Gloria  SF Filipino Cultural Center  Cebu's Happy Beach  Mango Ba "
" : a ritual at 11:30PM Donny and Kisses be the filipino Gian and Janelle. u will do wat i tweet. *insert unimaginable dk c"
" : Congratulations Fumiya!  are a true Filipino by HEA!!!!! I am so proud of you! #PBB8Batch2BigFour h"
"This one is a example of what filipino attitude means  YAMYAM YAMYAM YAMYAM YAMYAM YAMYAM YAMYAM "
" Ay shems sige nalang ahahahaha pero tbh lang mas kaya ko pa yung filipino dub kaysa english du"
" omg filipino ka po palaaaa "
" : Toxic filipino culture. nagaway kayo ng kaibigan mo ilalabas niya lahat ng sikreto mo mistulang baho mo. masiraa"
" : Read up on our partnership with the US Peace Corps Philippines in training Filipino youth through the Habitat Young Leade"
" bossbaechu: If RVsmtown did Level Up Project in the Philippines:-Irene haggling in Filipino and saying  "
" :  Mutuals-Filipino Swifties (with IFB ), follow whoever likes yours reply  all those likes and R"
"filipino culture is your mom telling you to greet your extended family merry christmas months before."
"  zilef update  :  bossbaechu: If RVsmtown did Level Up Project in the Philippines:-Irene hagg "
"ticuy update chara :  bossbaechu: If RVsmtown did Level Up Project in the Philippines:-Irene haggli "
" I have one friends she Filipino"
" ' U C :  bossbaechu: If RVsmtown did Level Up Project in the Philippines:-Irene haggling in "
" bossbaechu: If RVsmtown did Level Up Project in the Philippines:-Irene haggling in Filipino and saying  "
"Siz sobrang brokeng filipino limelights kung ano ano na naiisip nila HAHAHAHA"
"a ritual at 11:30PM Donny and Kisses be the filipino Gian and Janelle. u will do wat i tweet. *insert unimagin "
" bossbaechu: If RVsmtown did Level Up Project in the Philippines:-Irene haggling in Filipino and saying  "
" hi need your help again. Please vote for FUMIYA!  he's also a vlogger, he's pure Japanese but with "
" : Barcelona: A Love Untold is literally one of my top Filipino movies ever. "
" : Kai Sotto, pivote filipino de 16 a, dej claro su pr paso; #ACB #Filipinas "
"  um tiro atr do outro. Teve afraid of letting go, da veio Paran pra n matar e agora sunding "
" : Filipino May, ako po si Park Jihoon i am crying, he didnt forget us fam skfkdkf# #parkjihoon# #Par"
" bossbaechu: If RVsmtown did Level Up Project in the Philippines:-Irene haggling in Filipino and saying  "
" :   Inosente in Filipino"
" updat :  bossbaechu: If RVsmtown did Level Up Project in the Philippines:-Irene haggling in Filipino a "
" : I love Lou that's for sure.  big winner ko is si Fumiya though. For someone who was born with a different culture and lang"
"( vaxie's update chara )irenervpics:  bossbaechu: If RVsmtown did Level Up Project in the Philippines:-Irene ha "
"Thank you St. Robert School for hosting today planning session for June 12th Filipino Heritage Day. Excited to ce "
" ANG GANDA HUTANGINA FILIPINO KA PALA"
"  Sa filipino mani ata haha"
" what filipino language did u know?  I don't know any Filipino language /: "
" nay update  what filipino language did u know?  I don't know any Filipino language /: "
"Parishioners in shock after Filipino priest charged with rape in Pennsylvania | Another fallen role model/leader/me "
" Omg I thought you're a Filipino  I'm a newbie in pubg"
"what filipino language did u know?  I don't know any Filipino language /: "
"So the netflix selection of Filipino films is kinda gross. There are real good ones. But there a lot of MMFF trash in there."
"I was looking on Kai's instagram comments and I found this comment from Filipino celebrity Chie Filomeno Why are "
"what filipino language did u know?  I don't know any Filipino language /: "
" : EMOTIONAL TWEET AHOYIn a world where self-hatred is a multibillion dollar industry, loving yourself is a revolutionary"
"[] hiii !! i love your acc and oh, a fellow filipino jihoon stan i would want to know u better:&lt;"
" Black and Filipino"
"[Update Chara] what filipino language did u know?  I don't know any Filipino language /: "
"According to people, these are the top 3 people that they think I look like. Maymay Entrata (a Filipino actress) "
" they are not from Kyoto! They could be Filipinos too!! One time a Filipino chef pretended to be Japanese "
"   Teleserye for me because I have to travel 4 hours to the nearest theater that s "
"what filipino language did u know?  I don't know any Filipino language /: "
"The French manufacturers developed fashionable artificial limbs with patterns and colors  that wearers won min "
"I love Lou that's for sure.  big winner ko is si Fumiya though. For someone who was born with a different cultu "
"I once stole a whole bottle of banana ketchup... (a restaurant review) ://t.co/1AmFgPcuNH"
" HAHAHAHAA favorite filipino product nya daw yun no "
" YOU'RE A FILIPINO????!!!!"
". . . Update Chara : what filipino language did u know?  I don't know any Filipino language /: "
" : thinking about if bts comes to the philippines it will geniuley suck because of all the bandwagons and celebrities who will"
" Filipino humor."
" : nakahanap nako ng perfect filipino mukbang channel; entertaining, kalog, matakaw tas di maarte sa pagkain hihi hello /"
"When  uses you as an example in her Filipino Language stream   "
"Parishioners in shock after Filipino priest charged with rape in Pennsylvania "
" Fav. Filipino YouTuber?"
"low-key feel like the reason we dont have filipino dramatic criminal defense movies/series is because our justice system is a joke in itself"
"I missed being with filipino ikonics ;( I will definitely go there once iKON announce they will be having concert i "
"Tang launched its newest campaign that celebrates motherhood in its unfiltered glory. Life is never picture-perfect "
"Four sisters and a wedding remains to be one of the best Filipino movie. Nakakaiyak pa rin."
"Filipino Psyc is such an interesting subject but gurl.. mah brain zells kennot catch up ms Macions IQ"
"Gacrave kog filipino street foods. Buset man ning gashare sa facebook lage natu na mga friends uy."
" : no aral sa filipino and tle pa "
" :  wrote a graphic memoir called #IWasTheirAmericanDream - a coming of age story about a 1st generation Filipino-Eg"
"  There's a Filipino saying, you can leave a bucket of crabs unattended, none will escape be "
" ......my filipino ass wants to apologize for always adding hot dogs to every single pasta dish we make. HAHAHAHA"
" :  Filipino? Install  now and start discovering #Filipino businesses, community groups &amp; upcoming shows, perfor"
"toxic filipino parents culture:"
"  Inosente in Filipino"
"  today's filipino food: Chicken Joy would rather watch a realistic depressing drama and b "
" ou  o Josh, o Krystian ou o cantor filipino... pode"
"Toxic filipino mindset: nanahimik ka guilty ka"
"Day 1-12 Pambansang Kumperensiya sa Filipino 2019 at Kalakaran sa Filipino: Kasalukuyang Isyu s "
"Filipino sucks at making horror films "
"Babyruth Villarama, the filmmaker, had to pay 50k for a reevaluation to get a G rating, in which she argued that th "
"ay gago share ko lang kasi today medj nag effort talaga ako dun sa gagawin na anecdote thingy sa filipino with full "
"Kai Sotto, pivote filipino de 16 a, dej claro su pr paso; #ACB #Filipinas "
"no aral sa filipino and tle pa "
"four sisters and a wedding is the bEST FAMILY COMEDY/DRAMA IF NOT, THE BEST FILM among other filipino films "
" hello now that you've started to stream filipino romcoms and dramas, i hope you can start streaming tel "
" Mutuals-Filipino Swifties (with IFB ), follow whoever likes yours reply  all those likes a "
"Your spontaneity is often the ticket to fun, but the consequen... More for Aries "
" Well JLC won awards with his roles so I guess that's kinda objective? Idk hahaha but yeah, I guess form "
"Senator urges govt to roll out more programs aimed at supporting Filipino organic farmers "
"#DMM thing I felt recently, Some Filipino mans s "
"Pure japanese but has a filipino heart. You deserved it, Fumiya! My big winner!!  #PBB8Batch2BigFour "
"Join us on Friday for our event and fundraiser . Eat some Filipino food  and watch a episode of Anthony Bourdain "
"11:11 filipino "
"I wanna know if some of you watch famous filipino movies bc i rewatched a lot on netflix and bruh we really had the "
"toxic filipino voting culture: Maganda / Gwapo: Mayaman: Loveteams: Famous: etc... NA NABAGO!!! #PBB8Batch2BigFour"
"Thank heavens! Filipino films are improving with thought-provoking and audacious pieces."
"  Remember Daniel matsunga FYI he he's not even half Filipino "
"My Tito (Filipino): Hindi mo nakuha yung 1st Honor?: Hindi po, Nagka disqualifying napo ih: Ay sayang "
"wait, filipino dudes are heartbreakers???? "
"My Tito (Filipino) vs. My Tito (Foreigner)[ A Thread ]"
"every filipino should watch the first 30 seconds of this "
"*filipino voice* CHOERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY!!!!!!!!!!!"
" *filipino LOL and it no one rlly speaks pure tagalog anymore (also english is the 2nd official language)"
"fumiya not filipino but may pusong pinoy  #PBB8Batch2BigFour"
"We   proud of you. As one of basketball fans saying this,  fighting and strive to your dream, dream not o "
"Take A Look At This Filipino-Themed Role-Playing Video Game "
"I haven had Filipino food in years but I think about how good t is daily and my friend really just said her and h "
" It's about time someone said this. Check out our episode featuring Filipino spoken word artist/rappe "
"til' now people doesnt choose wisely, a toxic filipino voting culture in every competition! #PBB8Batch2BigFour"
" idk if this is an unpopular opinion or not but Honor Thy Father still gets to me acting, the cin "
" Filipino voice acting: 100"
" Heard you. If you want more socially conscious music, check out our episode featuring Filipino spoken "
" : filipino dudes really the worst exterminate us please"
"hahaha you know it when a filipino mom rebuts you the ~graduating~ card"
" hala?? twitter ka pa diyan gawin mo ung filipino mo!!"
"unpopular opinion: filipino showbiz "
" Who are you listening to lately?? We love Ruby Ibarra, Klassy, HanHan, and Bambu - to name a few. Chec "
"Dalagang filipinO yeah "
" hahaha tropa ko yon eh, muka lang  binatang filipino to yeaah"
" So are we! Check out our episode featuring Filipino spoken word artist/rapper ITM "
" Word, people sleep on our music but don't realize how dope it is! Check out our episode featuring Filipino "
"Congratulations Fumiya!  are a true Filipino by HEA!!!!! I am so proud of you!  "
"Filipino cases are more interesting to read than American cases"
"Toxic filipino culture?  CRAB MENTALITY KAHIT NAPAKA OVERRATED NA!! SOBRANG DAMI PA PERO AYOKO NG MAGBANGGIT KASI "
"Kabilang sa mga bansang hiring ngayon ng Filipino cleaners ay ang Saudi Arabia, Qatar, United Arab Emirates, Kuwait "
"Filipino Values: When they go abroad thet abide and follow the system, but once they arrive in their motherland the "
"Kabilang sa mga bansang hiring ngayon ng Filipino cleaners ay ang Saudi Arabia, Qatar, United Arab Emirates, Kuwait "
"ka libog bas filipino. nayabag."
"*The detective crosses over the yellow police tape and look at the gruesome sight of a dead girl.: Repor "
"Want ko ng Filipino movies with deep plots"
" So are we! Check out our episode featuring Filipino spoken word artist/rapper ITM "
" Pakisalin ito sa filipino..   #PBB8Batch2BigFour"
" : Thank you for all the blessings and it's been a good year. (So sweet... Wishing you more blessings/ projects to come"
" : Let's break it down for you idiots who still don't know:/Echo is WHITE./Lexa is WHITE./Bellamy is MIXED"
"I mean yeah, pwede naman akong gumamit ng Filipino kaso mas malawak vocab sa English and mas madaling mag-describe ganon."
"It 1am and I have to get up  4am for training and if I don go, my little Filipino trainer will kick my ass  a "
"toxic filipino culture: buti pa si ano! buti pa si ganyan!"
"Mga sasalubong saakin sa bakasyon:                           Calculus "
"#PBBBatch2BigFour Yam yam is an evidence of our Filipino perseverance of fighting for our dreams."
"WITH HONORS, BEST IN FILIPINO, ENGLISH, MAPEH, &amp; ESP HUHU  ARE U PROUD????"
" : No one:  bunny: "
"a filipino breakfast would SLAP rn  I know it 3pm"
" I say the latter is partly due to culture as well. I never realised how negatively Filipinos view "
" Half Filipino half Amaw???"
"bruh I wish I was able to read Filipino armys tweets"
"Otso Diretso senatorial candidates believe the government should do more to address reports of Chinese nationals ha "
"Toxic Filipino Culture: The Filipino itself."
" No. You have a choice. Do you want to know who really has no choice? The Filipino masses. We have no "
"Will I be this close to you again? Maybe not. But I still excited to see you here in Manila exactly one month fro "
"Bukas nalang mag rereview sa filipino :&lt;"
" : Becky Perry thankyou for showcasing your talent in front of Filipino supporters and towards the F2. We will never forget you! Th"
" Mas tbm n parece a voz do Krys... Ser que n tem ngn cantando com eles?? Pq tem aquele cantor f "
"Ganahan ko sa imong arab vibes  arab ang vibe pero 100% pure filipino huhuhu uhmm thank you??? Hahaha "
"Dat Roundb hei as wirklech daat allerlescht ! "
" Love you rhys  just ask us if you need any help when it comes to speaking Filipino hahaha"
" Aylag hudta tanan. Tabangan lang ig filipino time "
" Confused with the symbolisms sad ate ther  pero super happy they got to weave in Filipino mythology into the film "
" : Toxic Filipino culture is when ur relatives are disgusted about your gender and they'll just recognize you as kadugo w"
"  Filipino Libertarian here"
" Just around urself  most of time with people that speak tagalog, watch tagalog movie, try read  fili "
"they wanted to do. This filipino culture is toxic af I kennat."
"filipino mays ako po si park jihoon"
"Science 90 94 90 91 90 93 95 94 ganyan lang? Oh ?? Oyy kahit ganto lang"
" Filipino roots man!"
"Goodbye Taiwan na in 2 days and mo diretso jud kg kaon ug Filipino food udisjdjahhd"
""
"Stem 11-14 *cont sem ender nila sa Filipino na hindi dumating teacher nila ako yung pumunta kasi ayoko mabale "
"patwitter twitter lang to pero di pa to tapos sa filipino haha oSjdjznznzknz"
" :  MINI FILIPINO JICHEOL AU na kung saan hindi na pala biro ang lahat "
"Dalagang Filipino yeah!"
"memorize  A BA KA DA filipino alphabet para malaman mo ang tamang pagbigkas ng mga salita  "
"  Benzema est fino filipino!!!!"
"I agree that you should try to understand the masses but you can't state it as if it's purely the choice of the mas "
" Can George Filipino Fianc marry him and. Get permanent residency? No need to travel for so long at "
"The mediocre VFX on Filipino movies stems from underpaid creatives (I think this is a fact?)--and we have the capab "
"Most these are still poverty porn. "
" Its okay atleast you have a pure filipino heart  #JelRhys "
" There's not is, there? I don't know much about Filipino food. What dishes do you recommend checking out?"
" Filipino boys*"
"Our KZ was the very first Filipino artist to ever hold a major concert in Dubai World Trade Centre and it was full "
"  I remember mom always having VapoRub, Tiger Balm, and White Flower oil in our house for b "
"reading gabriel marcel in filipino. rip"
" Wish I was Filipino rn..."
" I guess it depends on the culture ne or maybe how people perceive others. I know several fangirls wh "
" Dibaaa? Though alam naman ni Kaori na hindi siya nakakaintindi masyado ng Filipino but still, nakaka-worry pa rin."
" At least he looked Filipino in real life. The actor who played him straight up looked 100% white !!"
"Goodluck sa laban bukas CGPP unang kalaban tas sasabay pa sa finals ng filipino"
"Filipino superhero Eduard Folayang is no stranger to overcoming unimaginable adversity and rising to the  Full doc "
"jinojoke lang natin na naka-ustshs uniform si bea alonzo pero may substance siya + superb ng cinematog!!! not your "
"kita ko lang HAHAHHAHA kakamiss mag shoot ng Filipino Myth :&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; "
"Friend: what happened to your Filipino : "
" Huuugs, Kristine :( Filipino families are the most judgmental of all and that a fact"
" He was half Filipino "
" the curse and blessing of being a filipino"
"available in filipino language only HAHHAHAHA "
"at tuluyan na ngang di nakagawa sa filipino "
"Filipino Meryenda "
"Watch as #Bryanboy teaches his blogger bestie, #TinaLeung, these Filipino beauty terms.://t.co/BBkmndlr4n"
"o bailey cantando em filipino = perfei"
" i mean some don tho and its sad bc im planning to make a filipino clikkie gc :(("
"I always forget that ? is something completely different in Filipino culture than American culture. Was about t "
"Okay. let me just point out that liking and listening to K-Pop does not mean I dont respect Filipino culture anymor "
"FILIPINO TIME"
"A film being Filipino doesn't add nor detract to its overall quality as a film "
"Explore an Indian holiday, a Filipino folk dance and enjoy Chinese music in this fun clip featuring Asian cultures! "
"I saw the non-skinny filipino version of dylan wang today and ang masasabi ko lang ay may guapo pala sa rizal"
" : People's Choice Movement has endorsed all Otso Diretso candidates, Makabayan bet Neri Colmenares, &amp; reelectionist &amp; independent"
" You just knew? Conrad (Oliver) is Filipino."
"Dalagang filipino yeah  "
"Ps. Ginagaya ko po kung paano mag-talumpati si Archie. Purong linggwaheng Filipino ang gamit."
"filipino comedy films circa 80's-90's are way funnier compared to the comedy films of today "
"walang sci-fi? science-filipino  "
"Ang ganda ng EERIE, may part sa movie na ipapamukha sayo na hindi lahat Diyos ang sagot. Sobrang ganda ng story, ci "
"why do filipino clikkies never return the mutual like hey putangina naman oh iilan lang tayo dito hshshshdhshs"
"The Armed Forces of the Philippines is again disputing claims that Filipino fishermen are being harassed by Chinese "
"092719, KIM B. in Secondary Education in Filipino LAUDE 2019 night, during "
"Mar 27 Specials-Homemade Asian BBQ Pork w/Vegetable Chow Mein;-Tomato Bisque, Chicken Corn Chowder;-Ginataang Manok"
"Ya estan todos y el viento del Noroeste; empujan, las velas dos dias. Que navegamos; por el intrincado "
"on today's episode of toxic filipino culture: kami sa pedestrian crossing tapos this karatig jeepney dri "
"I love how Shawn's favorite Filipino insult is pokpok lol"
"#nude #hotmagazine #hotphotoshoot #bikiniphotoshoot #admaker #castingdirector #casting #magazine #vouge #glamour "
"If you think no one making good Filipino films anymore, you gotta look in the right places  "
"being in a room with that many Filipinos in tech...especially filipino women  "
" : Watch the inspiring stories of avid viewer Anthony Bendo, radio contest winner Enrique Vista, &amp; talent show contestant Ryan C"
"Isa sa mga intellectually batak na bata sa kisay. Filipino Color/10 j "
"filipino actor na crush mo?  Miguel Tanfelix!!!! aaaaaaa "
"tell this to the senators who are more invested in making that damn senatorial building than actually allocating fu "
"filipino ka din ba for judging them? eh their purpose lang naman is to entertain people? lol crab mentality at its "
"Philippine Geogreen makes sustainable living a reality for Filipino homes. As they celebrate their 10th year annive "
"We stan filipino youtubers.  "
" Lol I can't with these 2! Fumiya's What is lose? &amp; He is charot me! is hilarious!!! wait, did I "
"filipino marvel bandwagons whem sm announced the early reservations "
"inaantay ko magawa yung filipino mag isa HAHAHA"
"3rd grading - medj madali tungkol sa volcanoo ang science 9 sa filipino keri pa HAHAHAHAHA nobela ata eun sa TLE  s "
" the only filipino celebrity i can stand is ylona garcia because that girl has talent compared to the hyped ones"
"Tapos ko na sa filipino hehehehe"
"never not love you is my current favourite filipino movie"
" : filipino parents, stop making ur child a retirement investment."
" today's filipino food: Mang Inasal should I care about you if you don't seem to make an effort in caring about what I say"
" : gusto ko gumanap si  sa Filipino adaptation ng split o kaya rhodora x 2.0 naiimagine ko na yung tawa niya #"
"  Lahat ata ng OFW na Filipino(d Chinese) galit sa #otso deretsosaimpiyerno tropa ng "
" : PRANK CALLING FILIPINO YOUTUBERS WITH MAYMAY ENTRATA (NAKAKATAWA TO!) | ... #MayWardKidl"
"gusto ko gumanap si  sa Filipino adaptation ng split o kaya rhodora x 2.0 naiimagine ko na yung taw "
"makapagvlog na sana para sa filipino"
"Parishioners in shock after Filipino priest charged with rape in Pennsylvania "
"RAIZA CONTAWI! MY FAVORITE FILIPINO YOUTUBER DID THIS ICONIC PEEKABOO SEULGI LOOK AND I LOVE "
"International: Feast by , The Food of Northern Thailand by , and I Am a Filipino by "
" I guess it's just the Filipino version of the single cool aunt thats also a lesbian"
"I admire the courage of Filipinos that randomly post a status on an 'international' group on Facebook, or whatever forum, in Filipino."
"Basically every filipino tweet i ever read "
"second grading - nahihirapan nakooo kase pumapasok na chemistry teh HAHAHA computee computee tas dagdag pa Filipino "
" :  Merci la Chine : travailleuses domestiques originaires des Philippines viennent en Chine pour trava"
"The Next BIG Thing in Talamban, CEBU! :) Realty and Brokerage &lt;3 FILIPINO Homes#ELIOTTownhouse "
" Tang ina matagal nakita na follow filipino kapala SUSUGURIN ko sino yan"
" : Layogenic is a Filipino word for someone who only looks good from a distance."
" atleast this pathetic man has the love and concern about the filipino lives..mabuhay ka Malcolm!"
"Proud that I am one of the thousands Filipino who supports them.#PBB8Batch2BigFour "
" : Filipino Virtual Assistants: What They Can Do and How Much They Cost#FilipinoVA #Outsourcing #PhilLabor://t.co/9ojLjeT"
" Classic Filipino... mambintang "
"miss ko mga filipino at english teacher sa sanhs na mahilig magpasulat ng mga essays lalo na stories. pag ganon, so "
"Launch of the first Filipino Food Month making April the month to celebrate Filipino culinary heritage through Pres "
"nganong wala ko  namroblema sa Filipino?"
"filipino version of jack frost? "
"Watch   Latino horizons  "
"wow just watched the wedding scene in HTGAWM S05E08 and i'm delighted to know that Oliver is a Filipino-- both in t "
"Some of the best Filipino indie films parin ang Babae sa Septic Tank &amp; Ekstra  "
" filipino bakugou is a daily Mood"
"Toxic filipino culture?  Pag wala kang honor,bobo ka "
"Lol fake Filipino "
" baka pati filipino"
"Filipino Fast-Food Chain Jollibee Is Coming to Journal Square "
"Yay! Kaway-kaway, Filipino #Shadowhunters  #ShadowhuntersChat "
"The exotic British BBQ: Why this summer's barbies will take inspiration from Filipino and Korean cuisine () "
" : Un dise filipino construye casas de bamb para resolver la crisis de viviendas de su pa "
"Here is one example how China uses hatred to an advantage.. the Philippines, it used the hatred of yellows (dil "
" than push OFWs to pay for social security, the government should push the employers to pay and ensure their "
"filipino tabanngggg"
"  Or when Filipino movies like to alternate between togalog and English every few seconds"
"Journey for Justice: The Life of Larry Itliong, an illustrated nonfiction children book about the Filipino-Americ "
" : #100MIFG Of all the educational courses that have been offered to Filipinos outside the  Philippines, the Ateneo Leaders"
"Birdshot (2016) - Filipino Movie Review "
"Los calderos est repletos. El rancho ser suculento: #gallococinado, sabrosos pescados y nutritiva "
"Hays may filipino research pa pala."
"Here is one example how China uses hatred to an advantage.. the Philippines, it used the hatred of yellows (dil "
" wow best in filipino!"
"toxic filipino culture  Pag ikaw nahuli kumain ikaw maghuhugas ng lahat ng pinggan. "
"i think most of the people on my tl are filipinos anyway but if you're not i deeply apologize for taglishing real h "
"Cmon now you gotta drop pics I wanna see the Filipino wife  "
"#EERIE has now become my favorite Filipino horror film of all time. Ah, grabe. The profundity of its entire story a "
" singing in filipino is the best!!  Hoping for a #SundinAngPuso MV   "
"I Honestly Think That I Only Filipino Singers That Are Allowed To Sing Mariah Carey Songs Are:- Morrisette Amon- Jonalyn Viray One Else"
"CAMIGUIN ISLAND Volcano Hike | FIGHTER BOYS REUNITED | Philippines travel#Fighterboys aka Frat Boy  Mike Corey fi "
"toxic filipino culture;"
" BABALIW NA AKO IHH!! YUNG PANIMULA NAMIN SA FILIPINO TATAPUSIN NA AKO.."
" Waittt omggg one of my Favorite authors is also a Filipino Ksjsjiskzjws"
" Ehh.. just had some Filipino friends (including your boyfriend) and brian was often a topic we talked about."
"Yung notebookk ko sa filipino pakilabass jusq wala akong clearance sa fil. Dumugo na nga utak ko sa florante e saya "
"nakahanap nako ng perfect filipino mukbang channel; entertaining, kalog, matakaw tas di maarte sa pagkain hihi hello //kellychews "
" : #100MIFG At the forefront of Filipino entrepreneurship in Dubai and the Northern Emirates, the Philippine Business Counc"
" to our beloved tatay ng bayan Digong!#Happy74thBirthdayPRRD with love and prayers from the Fili "
" Ay bolj hahahhaha uwu ganyan ansabi chinat pa ako kung ano raw yung sa Filipino.  "
"I'm gonna start a podcast that three people will listen to with the Filipino homie "
"nangangamoy bagsak sa filipino ha"
" : Pope names 2 new Filipino bishops "
"  Filipino time HAHAHHAHAHAHA"
"Fav filipino movie  KITA KITA  "
" Abeg no mind am! Who cares? Praiz8 any day "
"nagexam ng walang nireview /// this pananaliksik sa filipino?? "
"SEE YOU AT THE MARKET! Come grab your Filipino food "
" englishero pero purong filipino HAHAHAHAHA iba influence mo ta mo kinalabasan"
" : way ko kblo kun ma happy ko kay may filipino psychology kmi or maiyak kay may anaphy kami next school year hahahahha"
"COMPILED: Korean lookalikes of Angel, Liza, Kisses + more from being world-class talents, Filipino celebriti "
" : Filipino representation done by internationally acclaimed Filipino artists or foreign artists:Pinoy prayd, woot!!! "
"Filipino tilt-a-whirl operators are this nations nations backbone"
" : It's really frustrating how Filipino artists need validation from foreigners first before their fellowmen recognize them."
" filipino hahahaha"
" : Imagine my excitement when I suddenly heard Dara's name on #Barangay143 The main character's sister is DARA PARK!!!!! It's th"
" : Mga kabarangay! Show us some love, please watch the first Filipino anime series, #Barangay143.  airs Sundays at 1"
"Our tour guide today was awesome! Yoshi proudly Filipino-Japanese and he got great jokes &amp; fun facts   "
"the sovereign Filipino people, imploring the aid of Almighty God-- "
" : I love seeing Rhian feeling the sense of belongingness. This is a Filipino trait that I would not trade for the world. "
"Are you American???  no HAHAHAH im pure filipino!! "
"This is so puta. I haven't read the article about the said ordinance yet but these malicious and stupid comments ar "
"HULING PAGTATANGHAL SA FILIPINO 10! EL FILIBUS D'BISTRO!  "
"woooo requirements lets go studies"
" malamang filipino sya kaya gets nya po yan...naiyak po ako .silent fan ako pero d ko alam ganito effect "
"THE FILIPINO TRAVELLER(A Thread by THiRD) niyo ang pinakamahirap na tanong na sasagutin nyo sa buong buhay "
"Its funny cuz i read this in manny pacquiao strong filipino accent "
"Nahhh this Filipino bus driver just stopped to laugh at me and tell me he thought I was Jussie "
"thoughts abt ur elem-pisay classmates/batchmates now  Sean - mY CHINESE BOI??? wow grabe ang pag thrive sang filip "
"#i  #manila #philipines en Alamat Filipino Pub &amp; Deli "
"so kuya hates Filipino rap kay jeje daw. you, mas jeje pa kas ila."
" : "
"As a filipino, you don't have be smart. Minsan sapat na yung marunong ka makisama."
"Sorry pero ano kinalaman ng pagiging Filipino sa social relevance? Keep hating tho "
" Gagawa ka nalang ng kalokohan sa filipino time pa HAHAHAHAHA"
"A Filipino woman who briefly sheltered Edward  in 2013 in Hong Kong has been granted asylum in Canada.  "
"Every Filipino toxic culture "
" : Dietitians help unlock the potential of food, however the media often portrays certain foods in a bad light. Let's take a"
"I am a Filipino but I have never been to this lovely paradise of #Batanes. ://t.co/oxctgsbJaz"
" : Let start a filipino joke thread "
"Unpopular opinion: Bumababa na ang standards ng mga Filipino sa mga iniidolo nila. Sorry not sorry."
" sounds very filipino to me Kappa"
"Soleda College of our university welcomed the first batch of 10 Filipino full scholarship master's degree graduates "
"DC Purple Patch Delights Washingtonians With Filipino Family Recipes "
" : Curious about this banana leaf surprise? Join  and the Filipino food revolution on the 8th of April at The Soc"
"puryagaba filipino cover2cover ang book 2. PAMAN GANI TA KATUNGA JUSQ ANONA"
"Seklusyon is one of the best Filipino film!!!!! "
"Sobrang saya lang and blessed na maging tutor ng mga undergraduate exercise physiology students  dito sa Sydney but "
" : OPINION: Filipino language and culture curriculum - isang magandang programa para sa mga Pilipino - Cedric Creer "
" :  Filipino general who was a national hero in the Philippines for his actions in the Philippine-American War. Andrew Eme"
"     YEHEYYYY!!! Proud filipino here.. "
"BNHA Filipino Dub. I'm laughing my ass off here  Bakugou's voice agsjsllpqhsjdks://t.co/QeMdEXEeGt"
" : Bistec al estilo filipino con cebollas y hojas de laurel "
"'80s to early 2000s Filipino Comedy Films are gems to the Philippine Cinema."
"Bistec al estilo filipino con cebollas y hojas de laurel "
". in Makati City has been named as one of the new restaurants on Asia 50 Best Restaurants 2019 list sp "
"the way all those oomfies that radiate filo energy aint even filipino,,,,,"
"hindi ka half girl, kasi filipino tatay mo diba  magiging japanese ba ko kung di japanese tatay ko  "
" introduce me to a filipino that don got a perm too"
"Filipinos find difficulty in distinguishing between humor and ignorance. Don't you dare deny it're actually a "
" : A Filipino woman who briefly sheltered Edward Snowden in 2013 in Hong Kong has been granted asylum in Canada. Ethan Cox from "
" : I NEED FILIPINO MUTUALS STAN WALA AKO PAKE LET ME GET INTO IT NLG mentions to those who stan the following:-"
" WE LOVE YOU KING  -- FROM FILIPINO ARMYS (PHILIPPINES)"
"Filipino interior designers use bright colors, animal prints, and metallic finishes to create a surprisingly flambo "
"Toxic Filipino Culture?  Makita kalang nakaangkas sa motor at kasama mo lalaki malandi ka na wake up!!!! 2019 na "
" : And besides,  he has more Filipino heart than other Filipinos,  his trait shows us na kaya niang makibagay.  That makes h"
"WAAAAAH YES RPG: METANOIA IS A FILIPINO FILM GEM! "
"  ah ofc there are a lot of filipino blinks "
"Filipino Indie Films are way better than other International films. The setting and the production is not as beauti "
" : To all the FILIPINO out there, we need someone like  in the senate. So please, please... vote wisely. "
" Filipino dubbed chqiabduajsnziaja"
"why do black people and Filipino people have this automatic link."
"But I want real food lol"
" : Filipino goodbyes are indeed the longest "
"PRANK CALLING FILIPINO YOUTUBERS WITH MAYMAY ENTRATA (NAKAKATAWA TO!) | ... #MayWardKidlatSinayaAwards"
"My fat ass is hungry  "
" Hahaha filipino and malay tak banyak beza pe"
"Nambubuso pala! "
"Filipino artist ma crush mo?  Donny and Ricci  "
" i love filipino babies"
"Good morning"
" B-but, my art is always crappy (even though I'm a Filipino)"
"  This is the traditional Filipino engagement"
" :  It kind of like adobo right  #haveyouwatchedULANyet ... we love adobo and as Filipinos we are proud to shar"
" I'm just teaching them Filipino words po"
" It kind of like adobo right  #haveyouwatchedULANyet ... we love adobo and as Filipinos we are proud "
"To all the FILIPINO out there, we need someone like  in the senate. So please, please... vote wisely. "
" Filipino general who was a national hero in the Philippines for his actions in the Philippine-American War. An "
" Ang bobo na ng mga dilawan particularly Alimango. ang proof oh...do not vote for this incompet "
"Ay buti nasa Filipino nb ko HAHAHA"
" Binatang filipino eh"
"Filipino 98#hermanabalishonga "
"Toxic filipino culture  Kapag hindi sikat yung may scandal i babash pero kapag artista yung may scandal poprotekta "
" : Filipino rap songs aren't jejemon"
"Usually this happens with my Filipino relatives, but apparently I have a cousin on my dad side I never met and "
"Filipino moms when they pregnant:  |               | |                |                  | "
" : How can you keep defending a President who chooses China over Filipino fisherfolk in the ICC?"
" Omg thats filipino bad word"
"does every filipino mom talk to themselves when they mad or is it just my mom"
"Pangalwa, u should have a WIDE VOCABULARY, dapat mag-explore ka pa sa mga words, mapa-Filipino man 'yan or English."
", Famous Filipino Youtuber said that SNSD, 2NE1 &amp; U-KISS are her first kpop idol knew before she discovered kpop world."
"You want to be in the #Philippines for a while? Or you are a #Filipino/#Filipina and you are in need of internet? "
"toxic filipino family culture?  kapag may bagay sila na binigay sayo for free, isusumbat nila  kapag may nagaw "
"Toxic filipino culture i encounter is when i am in elementary ang high school my father wont sign my card just beca "
" The website does feature Filipino folklore. We will add more stories as well. Explore the page here: "
" You are a winner at my child kindergarten class as they sang  on Me in their grad. You are a wi "
"filipino parents, stop making ur child a retirement investment."
" : What all the Filipino seiyuu fans had been waiting for since the fan reports last year about Kimura Ryohei's Tagalog from"
"yung kasiyahan ng peace kanina pag nag 100% or confetti sa filipino HAHAHAHAH 2x"
" : Eventhough I'm not a fan of , this news still shocked me. Considering the feelings of her many filipino fan"
"Aren't you glad that in Filipino there are distinct distinguishable characteristics and sounds to the letters L and "
"Totally forgot we had a potluck today...theres no Filipino food so it's not a loss really...."
"ako nalang yung binatang filipino mo hihi  edi ikaw lang ang pinaka gwapo na binata saking mata? AyiEhihi "
"there r those groups of filipino boys who r just a complete disgrace to our culture. stop stalking my friends u creeps"
"I should be proud that there's a Filipino song on Global Viral 50 but I hadn't heard of this song/group/prod crew b "
" :  binatang filipino lang katapat nyan #SahayaBanta"
"Popular Part Time Jobs in the Philippines for Young Filipino Job Seekers and Expats "
"  You really do deserve it, and we filipino deserve your service."
" Films I watched last MMFF 2016: Ang Babae sa Septic Tank 2, Die Beautiful, Saving Sally, Sunday Beauty "
"HALA DI KO PA PALA NASESEND KAY SIR YUNG REPO KO SA FILIPINO HSHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHSHAHHAHAHAHSHAHHA"
"Binatang Filipino, yeahhhhh  Bae   "
" :  toxic filipino culture, so welcome to philippines "
"filipino sounds a lot like sundanese man"
"very filipino HAHAHAHHAHAHAAHHAHA "
" :   Brother if the situation wont change this is the end of the filipino raise lahat intsik na!"
"  I believe this to be very true. The Filipino working class &amp; the masses see his sincerity of "
" youre not filipino...?"
" toxic filipino culture, so welcome to philippines "
" : masyadong sinusulit ng filipino ang pagiging major subj. nya "
"  wait are u a filipino?"
" : FROM Filipino Professor in Singapore who did some calculation - kay Justice Carpio, kayang kaya bayaran ng Makat"
" Ayaw ko sa Filipino. Tss"
"eerie is not like any other Filipino horror movie with a predictable plot and soundtrack send tweet"
"I love seeing Rhian feeling the sense of belongingness. This is a Filipino trait that I would not trade for the wor "
"are you a filipino? if yes let's be friendssss  MY DMS ARE ALWAYS OPEN MAMSH TARA LET'S BE FRIENDS DALI HAHAHA "
" Wth kaya dapat di talaga ako mag pure filipino."
"Sobrang saya ko po Madlang Pips ng Casino Filipino Bacolod dahil pinakita ninyo sakin ang inyong pag suporta at pag "
" Four Sisters and a Wedding is the best Filipino film of all time!"
" wao papuntang impyerno nga yung Filipino eh hahahaa"
" go for filipino guys"
"Wait, this should be in:  FILIPINO CULTURE "
"Good luck, Kai Sotto  Sotto has decided to chase his dreams to be the first homegrown Filipino player to make "
" When they start with putangina azt a t folytatj Filipino nyelven"
"Alam mo yung nakakainis sa filipino culture? Yun yung gagawa ka ng mabuti sa kapwa mo tas mag aabang ka na suklian "
" change a life, sabi sa post...at higit pa sa hininging tulog ang dumating sa kanya dahil sa malasakit ng isa "
" But that is your natural skin colour because you are of Italian heritage. I guess I have to ease up o "
" : A simplified article of scientific reports showing why we should trust in MTB-MLE, in the power of our local languages (NO"
"As early as 5 years old we already learned how to do household works.I also learned how to plant rice. and so on an "
" Sa filipino HAHAHAHAHA"
"since the day you were born po ba sa usa ka na po?  I was born here but then when I was 2 yrs old inuwi ako nang m "
"        "
"Sahaya is a must watched epic serye. It does not only discuss the culture of Badjaw people but also the mentality o "
"   5400 if Filipino AND UPV Student sila nagreply if FILIPINO lang hahahha"
"Me: Okay, so dahil wala naman akong gagawin ngayon, tulog nalang ako me: Shet pano na pala yung battery para sa Filipino PT???"
"papasok nanaman ako ng walang alam sa filipino  send help"
"those comments?! wtf! filipino cultured be like!  disgusting!"
"You can just remove the word filipino cause all flavors of men can be terrible or genuinely wholesome ://t.co/77ODuFHRn1"
" Beee sana namn hindiiii pa yun yung totoong grade ko sa filipino taposss bumaba daw lahat sa esp"
"  uhmmm bestfriend ko daw nu g 7 hqhagahga masaya kasama to lalo pag filipino time kada may makikitang wo "
"Un dise filipino construye casas de bamb para resolver la crisis de viviendas de su pa "
" First, blood sausage is eaten by white people all over Europe.  How is fertilized duck egg differe "
"there are lots of Filipino films that are wayyy better than hollywood films but other Filipinos think otherwise bec "
"The Filipino striker and the Brazilian grappler figure in a bantamweight title clash for the third time in ONE ma "
"  Brother if the situation wont change this is the end of the filipino raise lahat intsik na!"
"Pinipilit nila ako post dalagang filipino kong vid hahahhahahaha"
" HUHUHUHUH IKAMAMATAY KAPAG ANG FILIPINO LECTURE ANG DI BINALIK"
" : Our goal with this list is to shine a light on treasures of the local film industry, made by filmmakers who remain un"
"    sooo make her a beautiful morena woman, that can stand out amongst "
"  Amoy ninyo na ba ang kampyonato ngayong All Filipino Cup. "
"there ain't nothin' in this world, nothin' in this world like a filipino boy "
"        "
"Top 1 OVERALL RANKING  in MAPEH in TLE in Araling Panlipunan in Filipino in English  "
"If u want to understand the PH, watch Filipino films. u watch mainstream movies like that of Vice Ganda / "
" Bee yung kwinento kasi ni lei staka ang baba ng periodical ko tas nakita ko pa grade ko sa filipino 94 to 87"
"English naman bat ka naging Filipino huhuhhuh"
" : New Carat acc  FOR CARAT MUTUALS a Filipino Carat if you a Carat for Follow#sev"
"As long as may classmate pa akong di pa sinisimulan yung journal sa filipino di pa ako gagawa para may karamay ako "
" : We are proud to share with everyone that in Auro Chocolate bar that you purchase, you are supporting a Filipino cacao fa"
"Quick Filipino-Style Rib-Eye Steaks (Bistek Tagalog)://t.co/SMn5Stl8go"
" : The dessert shop partnered with Davao award-winning chocolate company, Auro Chocolate, to create a new set of toothso"
" claire + nov 15 + joshua, woozi + filipino"
" you stan filipino loveteams, do u"
"Filipino Meme "
"  I completely agree. Filipino rock. They are one of the hardest working people I know. No j "
"It was a historic win, as she became the first Filipino and Asian to win the prestigious award. She raised the fla "
" : Day 263: Anita Magsaysay-Ho (Filipino, 1914-2012) the blog for more pictures and info!://t.co/VNtJDMrQSj"
"Do they have certifications in the Philippines? I saw some Filipino artists receiving Platinum something, I'm not s "
" : Your decisions  is make us, to be proud of you. And we all know that in 2021or 2022 we all here as a Filipino f"
"saving sally is an underrated filipino animated film "
"if the fil 40 exam is gonna end up as an essay-type exam then you bet my ass im writing in taglish. there's no way "
"   But had you read my profile I more Filipino and Hispanic but thanx"
" binatang filipino hahahaha"
" HSJDHSHS WAIT ARE U FILIPINO"
" : Alberta is home to the second-largest Filipino community in the country, and advocates say they're in 'desperate need' of"
"Your decisions  is make us, to be proud of you. And we all know that in 2021or 2022 we all here as a Fili "
"In filipino dictionary:Padung nako means i just woke up and i want to stay in bed for a couple more minutes "
" binatang filipino lang katapat nyan #SahayaBanta"
" Buti pa Yun intsik may nagtatanggol yun Filipino wala , pinapatay."
"        "
"they're like the drunk uncles at some innocent filipino kid's birthday party://t.co/NpvHmoefPg"
" I need to read Gilded Wolves soon. Especially since there is a Filipino main character. I just love "
"...the sovereign Filipino people "
" Traditional"
"unpopular toxic filipino culture  :you can't choose your preferred course, it's based on what your grandparents tell you to take."
"I'm part of the Filipino population that can't sing "
" : One of the best Filipino Horror Movie, Eerie. Jusko tamang sigaw lang dahil sa gulat eh  "
" the first filipino drama i watched is pangako sayo. then i fallin in love with daniel padilla, so i watch "
":anong gusto mong sabihin kay crush - Filipino caption ng Shine para mas dama "
"if may ipapapasang story analysis or whatnot sa filipino, imonitor nyo lagi kung ano ung story na napili ng bawat i "
"She is! The pronunciation of the Filipino lyrics are so good!  "
" : di padin ako makamove on sa eerie  best filipino horror movie "
"#EERIEishere best Filipino horror movie!! Yey!! "
"The weather forecast is in the 70s, so we will have Halo Halo on the menu! Halo Halo (hollow hollow) is a popular F "
"I love your Filipino accent, can you say it again? washeng"
" read this tweet but with my mind in Filipino mode so yeah someone get my mind out of the gutter"
" : PRANK CALLING FILIPINO YOUTUBERS WITH MAYMAY ENTRATA (NAKAKATAWA TO!) | ... "
" : Siguro pag mag e-end of the world Philippines ang huling magugunaw. Filipino time e"
"Filipino toxic mentality and culture: - wanting to have death penalty back because a girl was raped, also filipi "
"Hirap Ng Filipino juskodayyy"
"I'm here to let everyone know. Im filipino, so let me adobo that effing mouth"
" no joke kasi mahirap Filipino subj realtalk"
" Ako din filipino naglalaro rin ako ng roblox"
"Parishioners in shock after Filipino priest charged with rape in Pennsylvania "
" *comes out  mins later...*no allowance for a week*papilion if mag skwela or mag inom inom "
" : Anyone know any Filipino dating sites? Asking for a mate "
" mabuhay ang mga filipino "
"why is twitter even translating filipino tweets, now the entire tl can get in on me talking shit.... im threatening to tweet in baybayin"
" If the DBZ community can all agree piccolo is black then we can say Darna is filipino"
"I every Filipino from the age of 18 to 28 "
"  So excited to see Generika sa all filipino!!!! Mukhang may chance na talagang magfinals"
" Any Filipino ARMYs here??? know momo???"
" : The Northern Luzon Command on Wednesday clarified there are no reports of harassment by the Chinese personnel against Filipino"
"LAMPARA  Review: What this Modern Filipino Bistro Really Tastes Like (. Poblacion,) "
" : AFP verifying reports on Chinese harassing Filipino fishermen in Panatag - "
" I honestly thought you were filipino before"
"++ but im trying to point out that EVEN IF THE WHOLE POPULATION OF FILIPINO WOMEN WILL STOP WEARING REVEALING CLOTH "
"If you love Pamela Swing, Mika Salamanca, Mark Reyes, Alex Gonzaga, Rozel Basilio, Luigi Pacheco and other Filipino "
"Filipino documentary movies are actually very realistic and high class but no one is interested to pay attention "
"The real Filipino cinema is dissed and unknown to most. The movie industry is totally sucking out the context of th "
"So I was discussing utilitarianism in my class the other day and how Bentham's felicific calculus proposed to measu "
"Filipino period films need more love. And they need to branch out more from biopics of famous historical figures (a "
"Wait lang my filipino is mahina"
"MATATAPOS KO NA 'YUNG FILIPINO KO OMAYGAHD AYM SO HAPI,,, tenks for da help /twitterfren hehehehe"
" Proud lang naman ang ibang mga tao sa Filipino Films kapag nabibigyan ito ng award ng IBANG BANSA"
" : Mayumi [def.filipino] tender, soft and delicate- - Mayumi (Raw Demo)#opm #indiepop #original "
"masyadong sinusulit ng filipino ang pagiging major subj. nya "
" OMG who's teaching you Tagalog/Filipino??  but fighting! "
" are you filipino?"
"kinda wnt some sinigang n maybe some adobo . The Filipino Dugong Bughaw bayang Magiliw i am today"
" Babagsak na yata ako lalo na sa Filipino 2 hahahaha"
" OMG WHAT FILIPINO DRAMA"
"Hello Filipino audience. Our efforts and these films are for you. Hope you support them, it will mean so much to us "
"May mga kilala akong grabe kung mandiri kapag nagsu-suggest ako ng Filipino Films (specially the indie ones). Sabay "
"buti wala na kame defense sa filipino waaahhh!!"
"Korean noodles w/ egg + filipino beer + malutong na kwentuhan= kickass night!   "
"dalagang wala pang gawa sa filipino yeah "
"few days but when converted to Filipino + UP time it becomes next year, okay i hear y'all  "
" I CAN TELL DJKSKS Google spits out overly formal bs for Filipino it's so awkward that it's funny "
" : Hala utuin nyo pa si Kuya.  reason is Im so hungry. I need power.  number two, I want to experience Filipino"
"feeling pure filipino tonight"
"NAKABABAHALANG KADILIMAN is from a Filipino Professor of the University of Singapore - - Amortization Amount of 0.0 "
"Without piracy, the Filipino literati (including those with income to spare) would read less widely, since many cul "
" You're a Filipino too?! "
" : Ang gagaling ng mga kagroup ko sa  filipino, Nakakaproud sila"
"yo we could've done na na na instead shit"
"..' M64 d4L464n6 haLf Filipina HaLf Filipino y.. "
" : im currently stalking filipino violinists (next time na ko sa pianists cos i feel intimidated omg HAHAHAHAHA) and this guy"
"yo remember when prince charming was filipino "
" We have a traitor President, he is a China puppet together with his administration, giving up our freedo "
"Toxic filipino culture "
"I MEAN, ANG HIRAP MAKASECURE NG NBI CLEARANCE FOR WORK TAPOS YUNG MANANALO, MAY HISTORY NG GRAFT AND CORRUPTION? Wh "
" i watching some filipino drama but i only know mahal kita :("
"FUCK FILIPINO INTERNET"
"Minsan naiisip kong magshift. Naiisip ko kasi talaga na mas maraming oportunidad sa ingles kaysa sa gusto kong fili "
"Need ko ng mga filipino army moots! sobrang hirap kasi makisabay sa buong mundo kaya  pilipinas muna ako hehehe "
"Dalagang Filipina yeah  Filipino yeah "
"pre gusto mo ba turuan kita sa filipino para umayos yung pagkoconstruct mo ng sentence sa tagalog?"
"We took a trip to the Philippines with this Filipino dance  #adwsaints "
"   Filipino counterpart ng cicerone, group namin nina adi at neil nung grade "
"OPINION: Filipino language and culture curriculum - isang magandang programa para sa mga Pilipino - Cedric Creer "
"filipino tska a.p nalang kulang sa clearance ko ehem baka naman diba wag nyo na kmi pahirapan!!!"
"Ang sayaaa kahit halos 60+ yung papel ko sa Filipino at Math pumirma pa din si tatay lahat lahat yun "
"Ang gagaling ng mga kagroup ko sa  filipino, Nakakaproud sila"
"Love persists even in the harshest conditions. And it is my pleasure and honor to officiate weddings for kababayans "
"By MB Online Filipino restaurant made it to the list of the 50 Best Restaurants in Asia.(The World Best / TWI "
"I feel like i should learn Tagalog to throw everyone off. A lot of people think I'm Filipino anyway"
" : halina't magsalita sa wikang Filipino. "
"Nakakaproud dahil inilayag ng   ang #Sahaya para sa atin mga Filipino na mas maging aware at ta "
"ako lang ba yung hindi masyado updated sa mga filipino youtubers ksjwksjs"
"thank gO D filipino is a gender neutral language i couldn't control my feels so i blabbed abt my crush to my cousin "
"Filipino subject ray mupatay nako"
" : that guy on campus who won't wear a jacket "
" : Why is being LGBT an issue in the philippines? Since when did that become a barrier to being a great democratic country? Doe"
"SUNDAY SCREENING:  Out to ISIS: Filipino Child Soldiers (2019) "
"  Hindi ka na nakakatawa. Huwag mo daanin pa pangiti-ngiti ang isang bagay na mahalaga sa bawat Filipino!"
"Why is being LGBT an issue in the philippines? Since when did that become a barrier to being a great democratic cou "
"Toxic filipino culture:  isa pa nimo nabuhat na nga sala pero gipang yawa yawaan na ang ba'ba sa imong mama. Ma "
"Delighted to host the American Women Club of the Philippines again this year.  Very proud of AWCP great initiat "
" ap pt  filipino talatinigan"
"Folks voted for  First leadership, after decades of feckless liberal oligarchic rule, just to end up gett "
" omg hdjdjdjsj i don understand filipino but i guessing you were saying that txt is actually t by t right "
"Lahi rjud ang Eerie if eh compare sa other filipino horror films! The best!"
" : HAHAHAHHA! My little brother hantar dekat group family. HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!   "
"Just finished listening to #SundinAngPuso and I was like, Wait! Was that  singing? In FILIPINO?!  S "
"  Di ka kasi nag-tatagalog HAHAHA kaya nagulat din me dun sa isa mo reply sa tweet ko  filipino pala hahahaha"
"Tapos na si Luffy! &lt;3 Magpapamangha na naman si Kuya Elmer! &lt;3   Sa RETROCON  - March 30 and 31 sa ALIMALL CUBAO "
"  Yup"
"ang galing ko mag spelling pag English  pag Filipino spelling wala na, nabobobo na ako HAHAHAHAHA"
"Layogenic is a Filipino word for someone who only looks good from a distance."
" : Namimiss ko na bse-1 filipino :((("
" here!  a Filipino Kid covers DNA dance!i hope you like it! ://t.co/k0vfOUF6JC"
" : "
"i think Venice Jacobs is the best Filipino crime mystery author. so much love. so muuuuuch! LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOVE! UwU"
"Today DWB has Kusina Cavitena Filipino Kitchen on Wheels parked out front for you eating pleasure.  See ya at Duece "
"Tanging Ina [2003] is peak Filipino family drama  "
"quick Filipino lesson: KA - you're beautiful MO - i love you MO? - how are you? KA - "
"I don trust filipino boys and this added into it "
"YOUR BROKEN HEAED FILIPINO SONGS PLAYLIST.  Sana- I Belong To The Zoo Ayaw Mo Na- This Band 'Di Rin L "
"   is derived from the Tagalog (Filipino dialect) word , meaning .  "
"A Filipino sharing the light to the world using up-cycled materials! Here's Illac Diaz, our new Filipino Pride icon "
"     (((help daw the younger ssa ppl to pass filipi "
" im sandra, 16, filipino &amp; we were volunteers for a cupsleeve event "
" : Bukas (Huwebes) maaari pong komunsulta sa Wikang Pilipino sa telepono mula 4 pm hanggang 8 pm.#charmjapan#hotline#Filipino"
" : #Philippines independence day is not only celebrated in the country, but by the Filipino diaspora all over the world. "
" : Received copies last week  book 'Racism and resistance among the Filipino diaspora' with  out now!  htt"
" : PH cannot be destroyed from the outside. We survived Spain, Japan &amp; America. PH can only be destroyed w/in by a Filipino. Ri"
"Anne Curtis [ is a Filipino-Australian actress ] Ig story update       "
" Ikaw, bakit mahalaga ang pag-aaral ng wikang Filipino para sa'yo? #GRDLKPWKPWIKANGFILIPINO "
"five feet apart over filipino research HAHAHAHAH"
"nagkakalat sila sa burnham habang hinahanap ko ang filipino recipe ng kimchi"
" : Tig survey sa filipino, volleyball player sa peh tapos dancerous sa CPAR HAHAHA UNSA PAMAAAAAN HA"
"i know im filipino but like bakit ba the majority of filipinos have shit attitude yo-"
" : #Filipino #diaspora has many orgs in US to support #development in Philippines, #integration in US "
" : #Exhibition Philippines' UP Vargas Museum exhibits #streetphotography of the Filipino diaspora "
" : How might we empower the Filipino #diaspora to take action in creating educational opportunities in the Philippines? Lea"
"Bwisit kasi na filipino yan e hahaha"
" : Nine stories give voice to the people of the Filipino diaspora in Mia Alvar's In the Country. "
" : The Filipino diaspora is spreading appreciation for Filipino food, the passion for karaoke, and Christian faith in many"
"Filipino-American Pilot Without Arms Defies All Odds by Flying with Her Feet "
"Kuhang kuha na ni Fumiya yung humor ng Filipino. Yung mga jokes nya pang Pinoy talaga.  #PBB8Batch2BigFour "
" : GABRIELA-NY is an anti-imperialist, anti-fascist group that lifts up working women. They connect the Filipino diaspora t"
" : Pantayo bridges the Filipino diaspora with their take on kulintang: "
" : .  presenting  retelling + understanding the history of the Philippines +"
"filipino indi films are so underrated "
" : The Filipino Canadian Association of the West Island (FCAWI) is coaching the next generation of great Canadian basketball"
" : I am proud to say that I am now a Filipino and Canadian citizen. I have seen the best and worst of both worlds, having liv"
" :  Filipino woman who helped shelter former NSA contractor Edward Snowden when he fled to Hong Kong has been granted re"
" : Alberta is home to the second-largest Filipino population in the country, and advocates say it about time they had their own"
" : Filipino-Canadian performer and digital star AC Bonifacio is set to join the 2019 KCA Social Squad at the Nickelodeon Kid"
"Natapos na nga mapeh tas yung filipino naman bida bida"
" : Fil-Canadian doctor receives award for community service: "
"Big yuck sa filipino style spaghetti unless gawa ng nanay ko"
" : Filipino-Canadian dancer AC Bonifacio attended the 2019 Nickelodeon Kids Choice Awards (KCA) held in Los Angeles, Cal"
" : i wanna learn tagalog lah.. everytime my filipino moots tweet something,it will start with english and the rest of the"
"Grabe naman yung isang long quiz kong kulang sa filipino ayaw pa ba naman lumitaw grrr"
" : ., starring #EvaNoblezada and #LeaSalonga, is the first Filipina-American film opening night presentati"
"ME TOO CKSNCKSNFEKJZSJ IM SAD SO SAD ICKAKDDKKFKSZNNSND I WANT TO FLY MY ASS TO FILIPINO AND HUG YOU 24/7 KDKSKDJJS "
" : The San Antonio Spurs honored Filipino American, Liban Brillantes, who served as a soldier for the United States Army during"
"Ang twitter account na ito ay pansamantalang gagamit ng wikang Filipino. Mabuhay ang Pilipinas! "
" : Unless Filipino food is served and presented properly abroad (and not the greasy turo-turo type of display in restaurants"
"  Welp, same din po. Typical Filipino attitude sila ehhh hahaha"
" Filipino woman who helped shelter former NSA contractor Edward Snowden when he fled to Hong Kong has been grante "
" : I have, an American First Name. And I have, a Chinese Last Name. I am proud, very, very proud, because Underneath t"
" : She also does surfing, scuba diving, horseback riding, and many more!  "
" : Congrats, Tito Ken &amp;  on your 7th Annual Filipino Heritage Night with the Wizards!  you for providing m"
" : Why LA is the best American city for Filipino food "
"Toxic Filipino culture whenever you speak your mind: , nagmamalaki ka!?"
" : Filipino-American Pilot Without Arms Defies All Odds by Flying with Her Feet "
" : 3/28: Film and Discussion: The Delano Manongs and the Legacy of the Filipino Farmworkers + Q&amp;A with Director  &amp; "
"I hope the Filipino student pilots in the Philippine Flat Earth Society FB Group are just meme-ing cause... "
"feng shui starring kris aquino was actually a good filipino horror film. "
" FILIPINO MOOOOTS!!!!  MGA JONEEEEL ABUGBUG"
" : Toxic Filipino Culture: lang yung mga maling nagawa kahit na sobrang daming mabuting nagawa."
"P: Nak, dapat magsanay mo na magsturya ug either English or Filipino lang*Gatabi mi in English* to Mama: Bita "
" :  a domestic helper, it really hard to get a proper training. But that's not stopping Dolly from gearing up for her longe"
" FYI Jeongyeon didn't undergo any plastic surgery before. Take some research first before you judge her. "
"  Maaari ka po bang magsalita ng Filipino, Binibini?"
"   in filipino, salamat sa datung, teh...#MaricelSoriano bilang Manang Isabelle"
"  HQHAHAHAH pero bat parang ganun nakikita ko HHAHAHAHHA lalo na nung sa filipino persian dance"
"PRANK CALLING FILIPINO YOUTUBERS WITH MAYMAY ENTRATA (NAKAKATAWA TO!) | ... "
" HAHHAHA IM SRRY IM USED TO CALL THAT TO MY FILO MOOTS AND THAT'S HOW MOST OF US FILIPINO USES AS SIS"
"sa babait naman ng filipino major"
" Happy Birthday mr.President!!!  Thank you for your great sacrifice and offering your life to the Fil "
" : Ang p.e na 4 ka dances ang buhaton, every wed pa jud ang performance day. Every night halos 12mn na makauli kay research. CA"
" : Filipino/asian mom biggest fear  "
"I had a dream I got into a fight with someone at school"
"PSA ITS NOT A CROSSOVER IF YOU STEP ON SOMEONE'S FOOT CAUSING HIM TO FALL DOWN  you for coming to my TED talk"
"Filipino palang narereview ko kingina yan haha"
"where are you from?  from the heart of every filipino people "
"ajajahajah BNHA filipino dubbed oyes"
"Aguilar also passes many law in case he would be elected Senator? And the Constitution provides that the only quali "
"WTF ABS-CBN IS GONNA AIR MY HERO ACADEMIA IN FILIPINO DUBBED"
" : Is it stallion (RH) ?? Char ! Only Filipino Knows  Hi to my Bias  Kai #TeamEXO #weareoneEXO #KimJongin "
"Toyo Eatery in Makati City made it into the list of Asia 50 Best Restaurants for 2019.!  "
"Filipino dub My Hero Academia sounds cringey"
" : Co'z of ULAN I started appreciating every little scene of each Filipino movie that contains a strong message. Like yung pa"
" so... youre a filipino... because I can understand you... because Im a filipino =&gt;"
" :  I was born in the philippines and i don have any social relevance. Am I not filipino? PERO BISAYA KO Y"
" Filipino: 75 HAHAHAHA"
"2nd time lucky &lt;3  years today. Wow. That about 150% longer than my first marriage. That progress for me! "
" : Eerie (2018): Watch It#Eerie is filled with familiar antics that ultimatey undermines the horror experience. But what"
"As JoKoy said  Filipino parents shit on their kids dreams "
"filipino moms be like "
"They told me to go for it, go on with my plans. I told them I'm doing my best to catch up whenever I fail. And sudd "
"  aliens cant be filipino theyre whi MEAN NOT RACIAL"
"  respecting for managing the chaos that is filipino public transport lol"
" Filipino nga naman HAHAHAHAHAHA"
" : Let not leave Andre behind now for the BIG 4! Admit it or not, he way too different from the previous seasons hal"
" we love the song so much especially your parts because you sang in FREAKING Filipino and you're like "
" Ayy wag baa binatang filipino yeah..."
"Santiago was elected judge of the ICC in 2011, making her the first Filipino and first Asian from a developing coun "
"wait butterfly knives are a filipino thing"
"halina't magsalita sa wikang Filipino. "
"  They stoopid, that literally had made the game better in my opinion."
"feel ko gayud mag maistra dkn ako sa filipino "
" Guess I just play Division 2. Good job Epic "
"Toxic Filipino Culture~ Kahit anong galing mo di pa rin maiiwasan ikumpara ka sa iba."
"how many of y wanna bet that if roman is filipino he still be using that   sayings"
"Bukas (Huwebes) maaari pong komunsulta sa Wikang Pilipino sa telepono mula 4 pm hanggang 8 pm.#charmjapan#hotline#F "
" : PSA:  is coming to town folks! ://t.co/TMGhnWKV8I"
"PRANK CALLING FILIPINO YOUTUBERS WITH MAYMAY ENTRATA (NAKAKATAWA TO!) | ... "
" :  I'm waiting for this person(?) I want English because she is so Smart when it comes to English and Math and"
"Filipino culture be like:  of the boys= malandi of the girls= machix new?"
"Introducing our New Spring/Summer Collection-Only the Finest in Tastes, Quality, Refreshing &amp; Delectable Philippine "
"  Oh yes. And Malay and Indian and Thai and Indonesian and Filipino and Burmese and Japane "
" what's your favorite filipino dish? #AskJanina"
"/TwoSetViolin HAHAHAAHAH TANGINA imagine brett and eddy calling each other lodi Juice Colored Whasak://t.co/14Jq44ZUIY"
"HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA TAWANG TAWA AKO KAY RODA KANINANG FILIPINO TIME FCKKKK "
"Filipino rap songs aren't jejemon"
"In all Filipino Horror movie, eto na un! Promise! #Eerie #BeaAlonzo #CharoSantos"
"Napaisip ako sa DALAGANG FILIPINO. "
"I believe in filipino philosophy of time "
"Tangina ang dami ng requirements sa filipino para sa PUTANGINANG clearance na yan hayop"
"toxic filipino mindset: ang iba, makapagpatawa lang."
" : #AvengeTheFallen "
"a filipino artist &amp; the 1975! okay!!!! "
" o m g you're a filipino??"
" : #AvengeTheFallen "
"gustong gusto ko na sumuko sa filipino and arts grabe ayoko na gusto ko na matapos tong WEEEKKKK NA TTOOOOOOO"
"i wanna learn tagalog lah.. everytime my filipino moots tweet something,it will start with english and the rest of "
" :   I might disagree with everything Christensten stands for politically, but I am not racist enough to cr"
" :  "
" : #AvengeTheFallen "
" : Athlete injury depression is real"
"eles cantaram em filipino shock"
" filipino may, ako po si park jihoon "
"Yung dina natuloy ang awarding sa filipino"
"bye bye ap, filipino"
"2 March 2019 LONDON Antonio M. Lagdameo is urging all Filipino registered voters in the United Kingdom ( "
" But it also happens with Filipino and French"
"im watching a filipino rom com and im so kilig "
"EASIEST LUMPIA RECIPE | HOW TO MAKE FILIPINO EGG ROLLS | YUMMY "
" : "
" bet kay filipino nya makabansa kunohay kay sariling wika charot"
"A stress-free magical world of Filipino creativity awaits you! Join me on Kumu, the world fastest-growing Pinoy l "
"Does fake news really exist? filipino : NO "
"Pang international. Super worth it. Sa lahat ng napanuod kong filipino horror movies this is the best. "
"Hello Filipino Kpop and Kdrama fans! I ask you to answer my thesis survey and help me graduate? Here is the lin "
" Siya si Manuel L. Quezon  na tinaguriang AMA NG WIKANG FILIPINO  at naging  Pangulo ng Pilipinas noon."
"popular filipino thing: LOCK PALAGU NAGTTYPE KAHIT NORMAL NA CONVERSATION LANG"
" #pantote #paleta #colors #filipino #art #tote #bag #artsykit "
"Let celebrate all the love teams that Gen Z adored this 2019!://t.co/GBb4e0LPrD"
"*kinuha aklat 1 sa filipino**alikabok explosion*"
"this deserves another chance. redesigning it to aim a whiter filipino superhero should be turned down. "
"100 Best Filipino Films Directed by Women "
"help pls huhu more than 60k na ang nagsign, 75k po ang kaialngan. Bukod sa maraming tao ang mapapaalis sa tinitirha "
" : To warn any opponent of Duterte's authoritarian undertakings, almost the entire government has been working overdrive to"
"You know, ok lang naman talaga magsalita in Filipino if you're more comfortable with it than English "
" : WATCH: The 's Country Partnership Strategy (CPS) for the #Philippines is aligned with #Strategy2030. The CPS and"
"Sartre, padala ng clearance bukas at icomplete na ang mga missed requirements sa Filipino para ma-complete na ang c "
"eles cantando em filipino puta merda eu morro de orgulhooooo #SundinAngPuso"
" Tas pabilisan maubos ang ink ng ballpen para sa Filipino. "
" : Sino ka nga ba talaga? us as we release our first ever Filipino song with the help of our good friends, "
"Ang hirap ng english. Pero mas mahirap pala yung ap. Pero pinakahirap talaga yung math tas science tas filipino tas "
"Filipino Toxic Family:nagmamayabang na, dipa naman napapatunayan"
"  binatang Filipino eh"
" I always wondered. Are you Chinese Filipino or just Filipino?"
"so after Sarah G and Moira I never imagine myself liking local filipino singers nor idols wew stop mnl48 marami na akong oshi lol"
" shirley si maam filipino na yan hahahahahahahhahaha"
"Having boodle fights was a big part of my childhood, so it was a pleasure to have shared this very Filipino experie "
"Filipino innovator Illac Ancellotti Diaz of A Liter of Light (Isang Litrong Liwanag) shared to Good News Pilipinas "
"   If she looks like any average looking Filipino, we can't distinguish her as an alien "
" Hmmm totoo lang kaya di tumitigil kc walang nagpapakumbaba sa inyong dalawa..Typical filipino ,walang "
"Also, there's some internalised racism/colonial mentality in the notion that Darna needs to be white and tall becau "
"Filipino sign language: deaf Bohol city of college  Philippine deaf com... "
"Gluta-C tvc sa Fox Filipino "
" : Putting away clean clothes takes anywhere between 3 and 10 business days"
"Nobody: Nobody: Filipino youth and half-Filipinos: "
"Filipino bakit mo talaga ako tinototototototorture  lahat ng subjects bakit tayu lng ang d magkatugma  "
"We had an exciting day at the Philippine Fiesta in #Melbourne #Australia earlier this week. The fest was hosted exc "
"chocada q eles cantaram em filipino real"
"any fala portugu ingles e agora filipino conta pra gente mais q lingua tu fala poliglota "
"Well, toxic filipino culture as always "
"The IIAP is proud to announce the 2018 list of Filipino candidates who excelled in the CIA exams, honoring the pro "
" omg filipino ppl attack her"
"Filipino boxer Juan Miguel Elorde has successfully retained the WBO Asia Pacific super bantamweight belt after a un "
"Opposition senatorial candidate Gary Alejano calls out the government for downplaying reports of Filipino fishermen "
"Filipino time "
"Filipino yuh "
"Toxic filipino mindset:: Pag nanahimik ka, guilty ka.: Pero pag pinaglaban mo sarili mo, defensive ka. po ba ko lulugar?"
"  kuya ko! Ikaw yung lodi ko. Clingy neto! Galing sa filipino and also ganda ng boses."
" : congrats, filipino club!!  thank you for all the efforts guys!!!! lab u ol   #CDCSchoolFair2019 "
"The IIAP is proud to announce the 2018 list of Filipino candidates who excelled in the CIA exams, honoring the pro "
"Duterte on Chel and Florin's names: 'Hindi ko alam kung lalaki o babae' People on Duterte: 'hindi namin a "
" Filipino Crab Mentality"
"TOP 10 RICHEST YOUNG FILIPINO CELEBRITIES OF 2019 #Lazada7Birthday #PBB8Batch2BigFour"
"Panelo: We are certainly blessed and privileged to have someone as dedicated as President Duterte as the captain of "
"Toxic filipino culture. nagaway kayo ng kaibigan mo ilalabas niya lahat ng sikreto mo mistulang baho mo. masi "
"  Actually Duterte can rate hinself higher, maybe 7 or 8, considering he is a guy who "
"PH movies are getting better and if you still don't want to watch filipino films coz korni rin lang yan you don't "
" : tanginang filipino yan"
"Im lucky to be one of   time kong mag stan ng Filipino band and im happy it was them yiiE "
"fav filipino movie?  sid&amp;aya fo lyf "
" Fino filipino "
"gRaBe nasurvive ko lahat ng recitation sa filipino HAHAHAHA"
"Panelo: We are certainly blessed and privileged to have someone as dedicated as President Duterte as the captain of "
" : ULAN is officially my favorite Filipino film. Ganda ni Nadine, galing ni Direk Irene! Cinematography, story and screenpl"
" AND HELP FILIPINO CARPENTERS! Tag more local street teams "
" : baka may quiz sa Rizal bukas tapos Quiz sa Filipino tapos practice sa PE! ngayon palang pagod na ako para"
"toxic filipino mentality?  Pag dalawa o tatlo butas ng tenga mo, pokpok ka "
"Google Translate in Filipino: "
"My binatang Filipino yeah   Arayat, Pampanga "
"  Any q l  essa? Filipino?"
" Filipino kidnapper yan"
"I heard that BTS does not like their ARMIES to not go to school and be uneducated, yet some FILIPINO ARMIES do the "
"  Filipino pride and love. Kiss a$$ my dude"
"congrats, filipino club!!  thank you for all the efforts guys!!!! lab u ol   #CDCSchoolFair2019 "
" FILIPINO PALANG AH HAHAHAHA"
"Kawawa Filipino book ko, di umabot SA pabalat"
"did juan mi//guel just say that unpopular opinion about  cinema cos he was one of the casts in the highest grossin "
"not a fan pero u consider yourself as a filipino diba? anong naiambag mo? curious lang haha "
"studying for Fil 40 is so fucking weird like... i'm not used to reading this much Filipino in one sitting"
" real toxic, judgemental, and petty filipino shit there rlly "
" for there to be filipino desserts kiosk in bloemen"
"narealize ko lang, may Filipino version pala yung your at you hahah at nang..."
"tanginang filipino yan"
" : Don watch too many of the filipino movies on Netflix at one time bc they will suck all the emotions out of you"
" : #NewProfilePic of Information communication technology in: yung taong tin"
"Tagging all filipino stays' "
"my Gutoc is fighting for filipino people, at hindi sayo kasi dimonyo ka  "
"Recycle natin yung box na ginamit sa filipino para gawing gift wrapper "
" Say HELLO in Filipino like a native! Learn here: "
" IKAW ANG ISA SA MGA PINAKA IDOLO KONG GURO SA FILIPINO "
"curriculum chairman ng filipino???? srsly self may ganon ba???"
"culture nagyud ni sa mga filipino pag naay birthday kay bongga kaayog handa bahalag magka utang-utang basta kay mem "
"Binatang filipino yeah  "
" :   Ha ha ha. Filipino subject. Ano ang 2 uri ng sugnay? #DyisIsItManila Kakayanin Kaya "
"La nueva perla del baloncesto filipino ha recibido ofertas de clubes de la ACB.  te cuenta qui se "
"How to Apply for a Schengen Visa via Norway Embassy for Tourists (Manila, Philippines) via  "
" :   Fresh off the press just for you Ma'am...  Filipino thought leaders communicate in 'maka-masa'"
"Pwede po ba sa interview sa pup eh tagalog sagot  oo naman! basta pag tinanong ka ng english, sagutin mo ng englis "
"  FINDINGGGG FILIPINO MOOTS!!!..!!! WE NEED TO HV A SQUAD! SO THAT WE CAN ABUGBUG "
"auq pa magipon ng nobels hehe mostly filipino books nalang muna aq"
"i am so tired of falling in love with every single half Filipino i see on my tl  "
"Filipino families always be pressed if you not eating their food but also the first ones to call you fat ?"
"LEZGOO FILIPINO UNIS!! MGA KABABAYAN LETZ GET DIZ BREAD!! #PENTAGON #Genie_us #SHA_LA_LA "
"A Filipino Steak That Checks All the Weeknight Boxes #Food #Cooking"
" Tinatagong Baraha - Filipino "
" : Most Filipino households are run by women who often take the herculean tasks of managing the flow of money in the famil"
"    arrasou no filipino"
"Filipino festival in less than 2 weeks and I can wait! "
"Opxs,nawawala test ko sa filipino"
"baka may quiz sa Rizal bukas tapos Quiz sa Filipino tapos practice sa PE! ngayon palang pagod na ako para bukas."
"  Tama nga naman di naman pinagtawanan nyan notes ko sa filipino eh"
"This isn about me being sick btw but this is about our lack of being educated on environmental issues and how we "
"  Or in french? Filipino maybe? You going to have to be specific, because what it means "
"EERIE WAS 10/10 first filipino horror/thriller that didnt only live up to my expectations but actually exceeded them "
"    EU QUERO ESSA LETRA NINGUEM ME SEGURA QUE AGORA EU VOU CANTAR FILIPINO"
"    meu deus vc cantando em filipino??? voc acaba de melhorar meu dia"
"Gawa muna ko project sa filipino"
"gague naging filipino language nung ml ko puta?"
"on reflection this is quite plausible for Tom Waits.  Up a Filipino Box Spring Hog definitely SOUNDS euphemistic"
"tapos na yung science at ap yung filipino naman putangina"
"Ka-cringe aning ubang pinoy na kusog mangclaim og foreigner na part filipino ra "
"    foi dif pra aprender a cantar em filipino??"
"TOXIC FILIPINO HERE IN TWITTER BE LIKE: FINOLLOWBACK MO YUNG UNANG NAGFOLLOW SAYO TAPOS SABAY I-UNFOLLOW KA "
"China Coast Guard ejects Filipino fishing vessel from vicinity of Scarborough Shoal "
" -elo miss talking to u wala na kong kausap na malalim mag filipino HAHAHA-athletic +mahilig maligo "
"Many Filipinos really want quality Filipino films. "
"Toxic Filipino Culture?  nasa taas ka na may mga taong pilit na ibababa ka or sisiraan ka or ibabash ka beca "
"This is ME whenever i eee filipino armeries tweeting unnecessary hashtags, curse words on their , romantically sh "
" : #Burp... #Wednesday #Date #Quezon #Filipino #Spanish #Buffet #Restaurant #Love #Koi #MDAS #Go #Family "
"FROM Filipino Professor in Singapore who did some calculation - kay Justice Carpio, kayang kaya bayaran n "
" : Finally, our first filipino zpop idol bg #ZBOYS "
"HOOOOY ANDAMI KO NANG NAPANUOD NA FILIPINO ACTRESS NA ACTION ANG ROLE LIKE PURO BAKBAKAN BARILAN PERO SI CHRISTINE "
"heto nga pala yung chinecheck ng english/filipino teachers nyo "
"I would like to hear a PUBLIC PRESS RELEASE regarding your thoughts and opinions regarding this topic. "
"   Most filipino words lol also the dialects sounds like a mix of malay/indo and spa "
"It's cool how Pepsi Korea has a similar campaign here in the Philippines. It revolves around the theme of For the "
""
" : Rappler's Maria Ressa is TIME Person of the Year 2018! you to our communities for being with us in the most dif"
"My friend can decide if she should comfort me in German, English or Filipino. But the Thai particle naaaa is the "
"Interesting "
"way ko kblo kun ma happy ko kay may filipino psychology kmi or maiyak kay may anaphy kami next school year hahahahha"
" // ARE U A FILIPINO???? HE'S KINDA TRENDING???"
"Nitong 3rd year college ko lang nalaman na ang Jollibee ay Filipino fastfood chain. "
"HAHAHAHAHA i find it cute. ehem, thank you sa pagpapakopya ng assignment sa filipino. HAHAHA yung pagiging good fri "
"Panelo: all, our national development plan for providing a more comfortable life for the Filipino people is an "
"Pls put filipino indie movies on Netflix!!!"
" technical team nyo ang may problema. hindi marunong tumupad sa usapan. Filipino time nga naman "
"     A mi hijo, que es tocayo y medio filipino, le har bastante ilusi! "
" binatang filipino ahahaha"
"Estudyante sa umaga, intern sa hapon, service crew sa gabi -- pero ga-graduate na Magna Cum Laude! Galing no? (y) ( "
" : Panelo: We are certainly blessed and privileged to have someone as dedicated as President Duterte as the captain of our shi"
" : As a human rights lawyer, as a Filipino, I condemn the Duterte administration heavy-handed attempt to arrest Rappler CEO"
" :  are not intimidated. No amount of legal cases, black propaganda, and lies can silence Filipino journalists who continue to ho"
" : Congratulations to Toyo Eatery for being awarded the 43rd place on the list of 50 Best Restaurants in Asia! The critica"
"TOXIC FILIPINO CULTURE??? LOKO LANG SI BOLBOL ULO (jon gutierrez) AND A FEW OTHERS DAMAY NA LAHAT NG LALAKE "
"so kanina lang, nung filipino time...pinagusapan namin ung classmate naming absent. akala namin di talaga sya absen "
"Illustrado Day of Sisterhood makes a comeback on the 30th March!  Illustrado revives its longstanding tradition of "
"  Ha ha ha. Filipino subject. Ano ang 2 uri ng sugnay? #DyisIsItManila Kakayanin K "
"Female Chinese Purchase Manager and Filipino Junior Accountant Very Urgent Requirement : one of the prestigious tra "
"Saveur Daily: Quick Filipino-Style Rib-Eye Steaks (Bistek Tagalog).://t.co/iE4TR5xoJ2"
" : The 102-year-old Ilocano grandfather never forgot his roots. |   "
" : . my Filipino king #ABIIOR"
" : Hi! To Filipino fans, I'm selling these albums in case anyone is interested. [Untitled] is brand new, while the [Are You Happ"
"ah so pag walang ambag sa social relevance kahit Filipino citizen, hindi na pwedeng tawagin na Filipino?   "
"Toxic Filipino culture   Lahat ng magulang tama"
"toxic filipino culture? - yung makita ka lang na may kasamang lalaki, sasabihing bf mo na agad"
"gakaboringan nako sa netflix bay kay puros na filipino movie ang mga bago"
"KINSAY MINGTHROW SA FILIPINO??? HAHAHAHAHAHAH rip"
"#Burp... #Wednesday #Date #Quezon #Filipino #Spanish #Buffet #Restaurant #Love #Koi #MDAS #Go #Family "
" Pork barrel was already declared unconstitutional (illegal) yet it lives through the 2019 budget. Is th "
" : Filipino inventor Roberto del Rosario patented the Karaoke Sing-Along System in 1975. This Wednesday night (March.27/11pm"
" : Eerie is one of the best Filipino horror films and it opens today in cinemas. Must watch. Maraming gulat at creepy moments."
" oOoOf really?! arent u filipino? omgomg thats so cooooooooool (and no hehe im probably younger so its okay not to add 'po')"
" : Filipino singer advances to next round of 'The Voice U.S.' | "
"Mamimiss ko ang student teacher Mi sa Filipino ma'am eloisa cantorne "
" kung ikukumpara mo sa filipino horror films lately, okay siya katakot talaga HAHAHA. Yung plot naman, "
"If I were one of those game characters in a post apocalyptic filipino setting, I want my main outfit to consist of "
"I guess it wasn't for Filipino marathons? "
"Filipino govt may allocate frequencies to potential fourth or fifth operators, DICT says: #telecoms "
" :  Nagverify kasi AFP kay Chinese Ambassador.  Siyempre Ambassador yun, dapat paniwalaan ng AFP. , h"
" : Omidyar thru his lackey Maria Ressa making the rounds of the Filipino community denouncing press freedom ek ek. Ressa was"
"We need more animated Filipino films! "
"Toxic Filipino Culture?  nasa taas ka na may mga taong pilit na ibababa ka or sisiraan ka or ibabash ka beca "
" : Ito na ang pagbabalik ng Filipino action films! ang MARIA, starring the one and only Cristine Reyes! NOW SHOW"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
""
"I believe that the world is ready for the Filipino Hiphop. Yung mga pilipino lang ang hindi because apparently, jeje daw kasi."
"fourth mi sulod ko ani nga major nga was knowing kaayo ko ani! hate nako na subject sa high school ambot btaw ngano nag Filipino ko."
"   And omg you sing in filipino  I'm so happy  so proud of you bebe  #SundinAngPuso"
"#2 about my mum and that is She only knows Nick Carter from #BackstreetBoys only!! Just only HIM and not the others "
"these are the ones who need to be fined and jailed. not the women who simply live their lives and go about their da "
"Panelo: We are certainly blessed and privileged to have someone as dedicated as President Duterte as the captain of "
"From Roilo Golez (FB) : We Filipinos should stand up for these Filipino fishermen. I believe the Chinese Coast Guar "
"what is the most illogical thing that Filipinos say or do?  The normalization of being habitually tardy and callin "
"aa daming mememoryahin sa filipino eh pota"
"that Filipino introduction of himself!  "
"Natuwa ako sa kaibigan ko kasi naguusap kami tungkol sa Webtoon tas bigla nya tinanong sakin Alam mo yung Unintent "
"And what will he do in the senate, mg variety show? Concert concert lang? Ganern? Ohh plssss, Filipino people deser "
"There are really good filipino movies.  Sad that most people won't give it a try because they think filipino movie "
"Mababa nanga grade ko sa English pati ba naman sa Filipino  talaga nagpapatunay na chingchong ako"
" : Sen. Leila de Lima &amp; Maria Ressa are every thinking Filipino's democracy &amp; freedom heroes. If they think these women wil"
" : like i felt sorry saimo sa recollection kay katong paper na gi pass around, halos negative things ang gi sulat about saimo"
"i don't have any Filipino mutuals :(("
"Apparently more and more Filipino travelers want their  fix. They fly to snow-covered destinations and enjo "
"im filipino (: i love adobo (: bahay kubo is my favourite filipino song (: i can see hope in the eyes of the filipi "
"like i felt sorry saimo sa recollection kay katong paper na gi pass around, halos negative things ang gi sulat abou "
"please please understand that it isnt funny and that as a bilingual, its not nice to hear god i hear u speak engli "
" : Filipino journalist and TIME Person of the Year  is waging a war against disinformation online. '"
"Your retweet can help save our Filipino fishermen! Please retweet this! "
"May half ka po?  Half filipino, half tamad "
"Let start supporting Filipino farmers "
"Walang Filipino sa g12 yay"
"  finally someone said this in Filipino "
"Good luck FILIPINO for our Math exam tomorrow "
"Filipino time pelco"
"#Repost phlinbahrain (get_repost) TO THE PUBLIC Philippine Embassy in Manama, Kingdom of Bahrain in "
"me to my filipino and pe grades: "
"  "
"The New People's Army (NPA) (Filipino: Bagong Hukbong Bayan) is the armed wing of the Communist Party of the Philip "
"Taho - Almusal - Dapat Subukan Filipino Foods#Philippines #food #culture #foodies #foodlovers "
"Sana mamemorize ko na ang Mi Ultimo Adios ni Dr. Jose Rizal. Hhhhhooooo... I really love Filipino subject."
"Filipino rap is unique, I have to admit haha, maraming magagaling na artists na kelangan bigyang pansin, kelangan l "
"Ito na ang pagbabalik ng Filipino action films! ang MARIA, starring the one and only Cristine Reyes! NOW "
"sumo na kaayo ning filipino fairy tales na ginatan aw sakoang manghud atay memorize nanako tanan stories"
"Jar Norton we can all relate bruh. Lol  "
" : Filipino be like : Summer : nakong magsummer. Makakagala nako kahit saan. Magsiswimming nakami."
"  Bebe, mag gandang Filipino challenge ka kasama ng big 4 "
"  I might disagree with everything Christensten stands for politically, but I am not racist enoug "
"Naghahanap ka ba ng Filipino action movie na pang-Hollywood ang dating? na ng MARIA! NOW SHOWING in cinemas "
" news! all Filipino crypto enthusiasts, CryptoMatic ATM machines are now in the Philippines.  cryptoc "
"di padin ako makamove on sa eerie  best filipino horror movie "
"9 part 1 read left to right. Filipino comics style  proud to be pinoy."
" How about filipino crush"
"pastil lang sa with fam kay kapoy daw luto, back to basic Filipino delicacy "
"because deep Filipino sounds so magical and romantic, I'll speak like how Filipinos speak before for the whole nigh "
"Abi di ko di siya filipino, ph indie at it's best "
"Mam filipino: Ah! Kabilis mo ah!?: syempre ma ako pa hahaha me: Potah Gaming PC gamit ko eh sino ba ma "
"Ay wala palang table of contents sa filipino HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA"
"Sano first experience mo mag film? Was it good kung I judge mo works mo dati?  mga grade 9, kay nag pa project fil "
"Panelo: We are certainly blessed and privileged to have someone as dedicated as President Duterte as the captain of "
" wala nako kabalo unsaon pag filipino term huhu"
"Hmm, except for cheese sauce and ranch, the rest are the best for me. can add another one: lechon/liver sauce (i "
" Next... A love Untold Hows of Us (Highest Grossing filipino Film of all time)'t H "
"Repost from  -- A night to recognize the contributions of our very own Filipino artists. "
"lmao I thought the filipino movie Eerie was an anime."
" : Farewell Fair Weather, a Filipino Soul-Fusion Band dropped in this new single What Lies Behind into our inboxes! "
"Okay makakagawa talaga ko para sa filipino kapag ganto lets goo "
"Wala kaming midterm sa Filipino. Haha pero magfocus daw sa pananaliksik. "
" youre filipino"
"  This sundae is a cool twist on a Filipino "
"Pork Menudo Recipe Menudo is another dish adapted from the Spanish and Mexicans.We, Filipinos, however, use p "
" Buti naman at filipino ka, di na sasakit ulo ko HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAA"
"Panelo: We are certainly blessed and privileged to have someone as dedicated as President Duterte as the captain of "
".. to a land he vowed to be free from drugs and crimes where each Filipino will enjoy a comfortable life."
"Wika ang nagsisilbing daan ng tao upang magkaroon ng maayos na komunikasyon kung kaya't dapat bigyang halaga ang pa "
"Atender el tel con un filipino metido en la boca y otras de las trabas del d de hoy. #DiarioDeUnAgenteDeViajes"
"Toxic culture ng filipino moms? nila na may nararamdaman yung anak nila pero grabe padin sila magsalita sa anak nila"
"Filipino-American Pilot Without Arms Defies All Odds by Flying with Her Feet "
" : guide to modern filipino TV shows:. third party . rich vs. poor . finding long lost family after 30 years. wealt"
"Yung lovelife mo parang filipino time hanggang ngayon wala pa"
" Omg you made me so happy you tweeted a filipino word "
"Namimiss ko na bse-1 filipino :((("
" : I'm biracial - Filipino and Indian but I didn't grow up immersed in those cultures. Even when in my own countries, I am"
"toxic filipino culture+rants thread-"
"The China loans favor China, but defaulting on our loans are unlikely, even Cory Aquino  against the advice of many "
"  notice my post pls may bday greetings from your Filipino fans."
"Dalagang Filipina at Binatang Filipino yeah!  "
" : This is a manifestation of the administration lack of will to champion our national interests and territorial integrit"
" Nakakakilig naman  nagtweet si queen ng filipino words  #SundinAngPuso "
"Plug?? You bet.  your local Ndmo!! Anakbayan, League of Filipino Students and Panday Sining!!!"
" :  PCM says they chose candidates who believe in God, oppose Charter Change and federalism, would fight for"
"Toxic Filipino Mentalities "
"BREAKING- Filipino lyrics are now considered part of the law of the land "
"Take A Look At This Filipino-Themed Role-Playing Video Game #Esquiremag.ph via "
"   Omygosh you tweeted a filipino word  #SundinAngPuso "
"The panel inside the pbb shows what is a true filipino with a toxic  and immature personality "
"i have finally succumbed to the powerful force of filipino rap music"
"I'm having war flashbacks to that one filipino news about a woman who supposedly gave birth to an actual snake. "
" Please! Pero marami na daw kasi sa inyong Filipino food "
"Filipino be like : Summer : nakong magsummer. Makakagala nako kahit saan. Magsiswimming nakami. "
"Filipino networks need to stop this shit. Hire real Aeta Actors... Not this trash. am very disappointed at Mayma "
"A senator is a DIGNIFIED person, someone who serves his/ her purpose as a senator and not otherwise.  person "
"awee thanks &lt;33 and u fine me intimidatingBDHSNSJSJSJ but im baby D: ,, and no, ur not delusional,, im filipino :] "
"This senatorial candidate roster is filled with promising people that have the capacity to act for the benefit of t "
"Toxic Filipino Culture Tsss HAHAHAHA"
"Filipino Indie films are fucking great. lot of people inside the field are really talented, and let not put th "
" chanbaek sns au   filipino  in which baekhyun is chanyeol's number one fan who won the raffle draw prize "
"  Gray once again showcased Filipino local art in her fashion by wearing a T skirt "
"grabe ang gagawin na activities sa filipino !!! copy and answer pa nahanep"
" Lmao talk to the Filipino ppl"
"This was my first ever Filipino movie, it just appeared on my Netflix. I'm glad it did  "
"Filipino movies about families are just the best "
"...XmenXAvengers will allegedly happen on 2021, however post-Avengers series will be followed by the Atlas series w "
" siz naa na ang filipino HAHAHAHHA"
" : Aside from being the soon-to-be youngest bishop of Basilan, Bishop-Elect Leo Dalmao is also the first filipino Claretian bi"
" :  We as Filipino, we like under dogs / yong mga tipong inaapi ng mga kontrabida. So in this case, #LouYanong"
" : filipino translation: , jaemin nga po pala. "
"   IS THAT U SINGING FILIPINO WORDSSS?!!!! omggg"
"April every year now is Filipino Culinary Food Month lobbying led by the Philippine Culinary Heritage Movement (Pre "
"  Justice Carpio di Filipino si Panelo, di rin sya earthling, he's a shapeshifting alien lizard"
"   YOU SANG IT IN FILIPINO LANGUAGE?!!!!"
"titled an open letter to Filipino Artists  goosebumps"
""
"Loving   take on Champorado  (Filipino chocolate rice breakfast porridge) in this insanely delic "
"President has the prerogative to raise it. PH ambassador to China Chito Sta. Romana is positive Pres. Duterte wil "
"yung ibang mga nandidiri sa mainstream filipino cinema sila rin naman yung hype na hype sa mga cliche shit sa netfl "
"When people meet you in person do you talk to them in English or u still fluent in Tagalog?  When i meet filipino "
" Hahahhaaha basing magkagrupo napod tas filipino"
"being a filipino is so scary especially when you're going against the government tangina talaga"
"i wish Philippines would be a better and safer place for every Filipino"
" was  your typical filipino horror film kudos to the cinematography "
"How Two Pinays Became English Teachers In Japan "
"  The best thing that ever provided by the Philippine gov who became U.S. Citizen to be "
" no... darren... but please do this for the Filipino fans out there"
"Dami na namang bad comments. Mga Filipino daming reklamo. Gusto ng pagbabago pero ayaw mag adjust. "
" nah bro dito sa canada yung mga toxic na FILIPINO haha ang sad nga ee"
"Ready nako mahagbongs filipino"
" : Launch of the first-ever Filipino Heritage Food Month  #DA   leading the initiative for th"
" : [VIDEO]  24.03.19  #INSEONG cantando para uma das f em &lt;#LoveKOrea Travel Fiesta&gt;, programa filipino!. headlinermnl"
"FILIPINO 2 AND PROBABILITY EDUCATION 2"
" Filipino beauty  + the Hamis face. Iba jud."
"We are looking for cold ware house technician to work in jeddah candidate's should be Filipino as following: "
"Launch of the first-ever Filipino Heritage Food Month  #DA   leading the initiative for "
"filipino translation: , jaemin nga po pala. "
"naalala ko nung filipino time sa sobrang lutang ko sabi ko kay Bb. Schell Hindi po pangungusap ginawa namin, sente "
"    See the sign? This is about kids.  Maybe ask an agent go thr "
" any cantando em filipino e em espanhol &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; qualquer coisa"
" : buti na lang pinirmahan agad ang sa filipino hakhak nawawala pa naman yung portfolio qqqq"
" !! 7 seatmate 3rd quarter na bahala sa filipino ikaw sa ap ha"
"isang oras na akong nagrereview ng filipino... isang oras sa kabanata 1 oH NO"
" : Ito na ang pagbabalik ng Filipino action films! ang MARIA, starring the one and only Cristine Reyes! NOW SHOWING!"
"J ouviram um pedacinho do novo jingle da  que gravamos nas filipinas? Vai l no insta da   Cant "
" : Senator Miriam Defensor-Santiago was the first Filipino and first Asian from a developing country to sit as Judge of the Interna"
"#pinoygram #discoverph #travelingpinoy #travelpinas #igersmanila #igersdaily #igph #instagrammers #instagram "
" : Bruno mars is a disgrace to the Filipino community"
"One day, I had 5 Filipino patients. Every single one of them had extremely high BP. One of them being 200/100someth "
"Isang binatang filipino  talgaaaaa #UlanMovieDay15 "
" hEHEHEHEHEHE THANK YOUUU HAHAHHAHA filipino nalang kulang ko"
"Me: *listening to 's Laputa: *being my Filipino self: Luh-Puta! Luh-Puta"
"Diva2Diva2 US Tour't miss these 4 fabulous seasoned artists from the Philippines.... Zsa Zsa Padilla, Kuh Lede "
"Done BB FUMIYA ! #PBB8Batch2BigFour "
" i'm a filipino but i can't understand this :("
"Diva2Diva US Tour!!'t miss these 4 fabulous seasoned artists from the Philippines.... Zsa Zsa Padilla, Kuh Lede "
"hell yeah! wala e toxic filipino culture  "
" One of the toxic Filipino traits. Sasabay sa uso kahit hindi kailangan. Sasabay sa uso kahit kapos sa "
"kaiyak filipino"
"skl i remember my report sa filipino "
"walengyaaaaa sa sobrang excited ko ata mag pasa ng portfolio pati table of contents ko sa tle and filipino naisama ko sa mapeh haysstt"
"Saw a tweet and said translate I purple you in our own language. I realized that purple is lila in Filipino and I "
"It's great how XU brings the filipino culture to their students. Like attractive kaayo ang mga girls nga ga barong while ga graduate"
"TO ALL MY FILIPINO SISTAHS OUT HERE, HERE'S AN ANTHEM FOR Y'ALL  "
"The UNIFAST Governing Board adjourned at around 6:30pm. A rather lengthy meeting but one I cannot leave bacause we "
"Miss Universe Catriona Gray once again showcased Filipino local art in her fashion by wearing a T skirt and m "
" oh filipino ka pala ksksks"
" : SF9 - Enough( ) MV Reaction (Filipino)#SF9 #SF9Enough://t.co/nhBfuVi3rA"
"English - Hello - Konichiwa - Annyeonghaseyo  - Hola - HOY GAGO KAMUSTA PARE, KAHAPON MALAKAS KA PA AH."
" Toxic filipino culture :(( : bringing down others in order to make themselves feel better"
"Farewell Fair Weather, a Filipino Soul-Fusion Band dropped in this new single What Lies Behind into our inboxes! "
" : -With High Honors-Elite Baton Twirler-Best in Science-Best in Filipino-Meyciprisa, Table tennis rep you, Lord"
"Pa easy easy langg di pa ako nagrereview ng tle at filipino"
"As a Filipino...iba narinig ko  "
" : refraining from posting medals, certs and awards ever since believing there r lot of things that need focus. this school"
" : In commemoration of its 50th anniversary,  will be presenting once again some of its posters in the past"
"In Filipino class in 1styr hs, the teacher asked everyone to read the story from the book aloud at the same time. I "
"filipino mindset "
"mga dalagang filipina kaskada mga binatang filipino &lt;3"
"I needed a Filipino massage specialist in Riyadh"
" : First Filipino to perform and create a sold-out concert at the Dubai World Trade Center Arena - the biggest indoor arena"
"nakatapos akon ppt ko ha filipino yey reward me  "
"grabe ka Filipino time oy! Ang ingun 5pm tas unsa namay oras nyati! pasmo man sab ta ani "
"KAKAMPI MO ANG BATAS.SYNDICATED, FILIPINO. 27 MARCH 2019 Huwag iboto: mga kandidatong abusado sa posters (see "
"Are there any Filipino vloggers that talk about Star Wars or comic books??? Or kahit a local podcast that talks abo "
"Filipino singer advances to next round of 'The Voice U.S.' | "
"I don't wanna stir up some tea. But tbh this dalagang Pilipina meme is ruining the term. I rlly loved calling mys "
"  I would argue that a vice ganda film is just as important as Liway. I've watched Liway at t "
" : pagmaestra filipino  "
"Toxic Filipino Culture: "
"hay lord enlighten the filipinos, the filipino citizens, and the citizens of the republic of the philippines"
"Binge watching filipino movies on netflix "
"A stress-free magical world of Filipino creativity awaits you! Join me on Kumu, the world fastest-growing Pinoy l "
"The thing that i learnt from my trip to manilla is, always trust a filipino with their pork dishes. Because all he "
"One of the best Filipino Horror Movie, Eerie. Jusko tamang sigaw lang dahil sa gulat eh  "
"Multitasking.. voting and watching #thevoicebattles we have a Filipino ://t.co/GJ2j40drDm"
"  Uyy, dapat kapag kay Leng Filipino gagamitin dibaaa  ? Hahahahshshs"
"Sana yung score sa math at filipino yun na lang score sa cost at law"
" Correct ka dyan sir natuto na ang mga Filipino! at Pacquiao... puro boxing pa din ang ina "
"another annoying filipino thing. when ppl speak in english, we are not being pabida. we speak in english bc its m "
"  "
" :         can do it!, T I W A L A  L A N G! "
"Quick Filipino-Style Rib-Eye Steaks (Bistek Tagalog) "
"so my thai friend thinks that pinoy is an insulting way of saying that you're a Filipino because of how it is use "
" : Psssssssstttt!!!! Wag masyado matense at mastress. Maaring mahirapan ka. But you will make it sooner or later. Kapit lang"
" : Never fear. God is watching over you. Trust His plan."
"-With High Honors-Elite Baton Twirler-Best in Science-Best in Filipino-Meyciprisa, Table tennis rep you, "
"i call tsukishima and kuroo (dUh we all know he's a nerd) to give me more patience and energy to study that i may p "
" Malagot najud kong ABI"
"  for wave filipino super hero"
" If she looks like any average looking Filipino, we can't distinguish her as an alien. Her beauty and "
" filipino uncles when they come home be like:"
"Celebrating its 65 years of being in the service of the Filipino, ABS-CBN gives tribute to inspiring stories of our "
" Sa pagkakaalam ko lately lang ata naclarify ng filipinologists at linguists ang kaguluhan ng Filipino "
"Most Filipino households are run by women who often take the herculean tasks of managing the flow of money in the f "
" A thought your a filipino for a second"
" Jews only L M A O, I lived in a neighborhood in Tel Aviv surrounded by Filipino and African immig "
"When something becomes viral, wait and watch as filipino celebrities and politicians to make it cringy."
"Nurse NurseGeneral Location: Abu Dhabi Occupancy: full time URGENT!!! IN NEED OF A FEMALE FILIPINO REGISTERED NURSE "
"i cried during filipino time in front of our instructor and my batch mates like what just fckng happened?"
"gurl BYE  only filipino intellectuals can understand  "
" :  fight is a fight for justice and dignity not only for Hanjin  workers but for all contractual Filipino employees. We w"
"Ah basta! Meron meron!  "
" : ang lala ng pagka-Filipino time ha 'di nakakatuwa"
"Ang pag-aaral ng wikang Filipino ay dapat pahalagahan sapagkat ang ating wika ay ating identidad bilang Pinoy. Isa "
"Ang very happy naming nakaperfect ng score sa pagsspeak ng ENGLISH(all the freaking day) kahit may halong Filipino "
" : Filipino ako. At Filipino akong nagsusulat para sa mambabasang Filipino sa wika ko b Filipino.  Lee Gawad D"
"Alas 7 ang sabot, Alas 8 nangabot. Filipino time HAHAHAHHA"
" She's tall. Not an average height of a Filipino."
"102 year-old Ilocano reacquires Filipino citizenship Honolulu "
"The Filipino audience is smart. We need to trust our audience. "
"  At mas marami sa filipino mas mahal ang sarili kesa sa bayan."
"The 102-year-old Ilocano grandfather never forgot his roots. |   "
"PERO SYEMPREEE KINAKABAHAN PA DEN AKO HAHAHAHAH!! YUNG FILIPINO KASEEEE ACCCKKK!!!"
" Idk why we were taught sa Basic Ed that they are dialects of the Filipino Language e mas inferior p "
"Kung anong movie pa yung eye opener sila pa yung underrated. . Romantic. Filipino. Movies. Has. A. Very. Cli "
"  May tama ka naman, kasi marami sa mga filipino ang nahuhumaling sa trapo- mas gusto ang cel "
"mas mahirap pa exam sa  filipino kesa math e"
"Shit this may sound vulgar and too explicit, but fuck it (pause), it damn near 3 AM and it Twitter. With that b "
"Tama na sa  Filipino spirit is waterproof shizz. We need to do something. 20 typhoons (at least) yearly pero h "
" : Many Filipino singers can belt out and can sing and dance as well. But when we're talking of total performance, only Sarah"
"may tanong ako frens i know hindi talaga tama ang mga salita sa baba pero matatawag din ba silang mali? kasi for so "
"Inside the botanical garden, you will find the Filipino-Chinese Friendship Arc Garden. Is china a good friend? "
"Filipino tyrant Duterte wants all abusive Catholic priests killed "
" : So it's not just a Filipino thing?!(Also, 10/10 will recommend Vicks VapoRus short film advertisements from the Phili"
"i need more low fi filipino hip hop pls"
"Filipino tyrant Duterte wants all abusive Catholic priests killed "
" Oo filipino time"
"Duterte, let me speak your language for a second: putangina mo for driving back inches of progress being made by LG "
"Duterte will go down in history as a scourge to the Filipino people "
" : B- sa Filipino??!?!?? me Jose Rizal na, kasi kala ko talaga sasabit ako doon HAHAHAHAHA"
"isay dyan may pointers sa filipino ehehe"
"#MyPhBoy ctto ang laban.://t.co/bkDpXV82iH my accounts ig/tw  fb/yt  My Ph "
"he sounds so good speaking filipino  "
"thank you to the beautiful open campus, no matter what the weather is, i will always love the bamboo area. the open "
" eyyy russ imma filipino"
"Mga dalaga at banatang filipino, CHAMPION yeaaaaah!  "
" : May kasabihan tayong mga Filipino, Asarin mo na ang lasing, huwag lang ang bagong gising. totoo lang, ito ang isa sa mga"
"Filipino asf "
" : 102-Year-Old Lolo Applies for Dual Citizenship at PH Consulate General in Honolulu: "
"i have high respect for filipino fishermen and farmers."
"The filipino movies about siblings in Netflix all have a similarity. One will be rich, the other will go abroad, th "
" : Philippine Street Food and other Filipino Favorites Showcased in Paris' International Gastronomy Village at Trocadero Garde"
"putanginang filipino time na yan!! culture culture kayo diyan katamaran yon ulol"
"Canada Gives Asylum to Refugee Who Sheltered Edward Snowden "
" : you lying if you don think paramore go hard "
"*cries in filipino* "
"And by BATCH ONE that means the very first season ng Pinoy Big Brother? Yeah? I mean, I was only aware of MayWard's "
" : Balisongs, or butterfly knives, have their roots in Filipino martial arts, but nowadays most people use them to perform tr"
"Ayoko na tuloy pumasok bukas. Grabe, biochem, may quiz, filipino, may pa quiz bee, p.e.,practical exam, arts app, quiz. Sh*t. "
"refraining from posting medals, certs and awards ever since believing there r lot of things that need focus. this s "
"Filipino May, Ako po si Park Jihoon "
" : Y al viejo le regalan un Filipino. "
"is2g that filipino pastries ARE THE BEST"
" : Offtopic: Filipino mutuals that are already a voter please be smart enough to choose a candidate. 'd suggest to vote fo"
"Y al viejo le regalan un Filipino. "
"it's only a matter of time until iconic filipino marvel stans are added to marvelinos  "
" For Bob Morley (The 100): What does it mean for him to be playing a Filipino male lead?"
"2 Days lang exam namin tapos bukas after exam mag dedefense kami sa Filipino?"
"Everything Filipino. Lechon Kawali, Kare Kare, Inihaw na Pusit at Lumpia. All delicious and very Pinoy. These dishe "
" CIBAC was, as far as I know, silent on the different corruption charges officials of the D30 admin "
" : toxic filipino culture: pumorma ka, ggss ka. pumorma ka, mayabang ka. hindi ka pumorma, lalaitin ka. hindi"
"I'm not going to let you down. "
"Ito na ang pagbabalik ng Filipino action films! ang MARIA, starring the one and only Cristine Reyes! NOW "
" man ate ysa ive been wanting to say this since i saw ur tweet about filipino blackface... whew the child "
"I just finished a romcom mini marathon and it got me thinking about an actual interaction that happened to me: "
"i just read a thread in tumblr abt having harry potter fantasies but in a filipino style thing and it fucking blew my mind"
"Ito na ang pagbabalik ng Filipino action films! ang MARIA, starring the one and only Cristine Reyes! NOW "
"This is a manifestation of the administration lack of will to champion our national interests and territorial in "
"Kelan kaya yung panahon na di na nakakatakot magbahagi ng saloobin mapa filipino man o english. Nakakatakot na eh. "
"KAKAMPI MO ANG BATAS.SYNDICATED, FILIPINO. 27 MARCH 2019 iboto: mga kandidatong abusado sa posters"
"Watch the inspiring stories of avid viewer Anthony Bendo, radio contest winner Enrique Vista, &amp; talent show contest "
"Headhunter: so what visa are you on?: im sorry?: visa sir.: i dont currently have a visa: sorry, but aren "
"YUNG NOTEBOOK KO SA FILIPINO POTAAAAAA NAMANNNNNNN!!!!!!!!!"
" : Valedictorian  Honor Student in Science in Filipino in English. . . . . . . . . . . ."
"wala kong maipapakita na quizzes kay maam pag nagpapirma ako ng clearance powta nawawala notebook ko sa Filipino"
" : I love hawaiian or Filipino recipe banana spring rolls!!!!#MKR"
"He emits pure Filipino Tita energy "
"This is a manifestation of the administration lack of will to champion our national interests and territorial in "
"Lyn, banana spring rolls are Filipino, not Chinese. And Sal, don't call it guy-yo-za  "
"Anyone know any Filipino dating sites? Asking for a mate "
"Ito na ang pagbabalik ng Filipino action films! ang MARIA, starring the one and only Cristine Reyes! NOW "
"filipino movies makes my head ache  the headassery makes my blood boil  what i need is a realistic movie and a socially aware movies "
" 2. Stop saying pang-Hollywood as a compliment or praise to Filipino movies bc aside from the fact t "
"Toyo Eatery, only Filipino diner in Asia 50 Best Restaurants 2019 list "
"You cannot view Filipino films in their story alone. You have to apply political economy and cultural politics to f "
" : Honesty, good melody, good lyrics, and relatability, says  on what makes a good Filipino love song://t"
" : if you can appreciate filipino sweets, delicacies, and merienda staples, we can be friends "
"  you speak filipino?"
"   is getting good at speaking filipino^^"
"KAKAMPI MO ANG BATAS.SYNDICATED, FILIPINO. 27 MARCH 2019 iboto: mga kandidatong abusado sa posters INSPIRA "
" :          "
" Man...... i have so many Filipino friends that i always read  and -Ar"
" I'm Thai and Filipino bro , stop discrediting my heritage! "
"PATI SA MGA NANGUHA SAKONG LIBRO SA DIASS UG FILIPINO, PALIHOG WALA NAY KLASE WANAMO NANGHINGANLAN ANA. SALAMAT. "
"Thank you very much for participating in our Filipino Bloggers competition!  competition is closed and we will "
" : Filipino rap will always sound black because black rap to its core is music for poor people -- that's why there's drugs,"
"I love hawaiian or Filipino recipe banana spring rolls!!!!#MKR"
" I did not realize that Bren Chong was Filipino although probably of Chinese decent but Filipino. This is "
"We met a group of Filipino students from UST who also joined the confe!! to the IACE webpage "
" : toxic filipino culture?  kapag puro lalaki kaibigan mo, malandi ka  "
"I NEED FILIPINO MUTUALS STAN WALA AKO PAKE LET ME GET INTO IT NLG mentions to those who stan the follow "
" : This is for YOU, this is for US, the Filipino voters Senatorial Debate on April 27 #TheFilipinoVotes"
" May part yang mga sinabi mo sa problem but your mindset too is becoming a part of the problem. Just adm "
"theres no point to this i just wanted to rant but seriously, filipino beauty standards are toxic and i hate it so much"
" wew i stan an intellectual  i only know english and filipino jajdbs however, i want to study spanish and "
"     Filipino use that sometimes"
"#iamwriting a Pinoy PB. To get the juices flowing, I been watching Filipino movies on Netflix, currently Beauty "
"#DalagangPilipinaKaKung you get this from your white friends, (age here)! Why are you still asking permiss "
"toxic Filipino traits "
"Come to Komiket South, and go crazy on Filipino komiks and affordable art! May 25-26, 2019, Saturday &amp; Sunday. Open "
"  He gotta visit his Filipino girlfriend! "
"I worshipped filipino celebrities because they were the epitome of beauty to me at the time. i literally wanted t "
"I met the Filipino teacher last weekend. word in subject is New York. can't pronounce well said that yo "
" : The family who helped Edward Snowden granted refugee status in Canada: A Filipino woman who helped shelter former http"
" : Getting a Chinese national as your economic adviser is already suspicious! Where will his loyalty be? Wala na bang maga"
"You can find this Filipino street food all around the world  "
"InsiderFood : You can find this Filipino street food all around the world  "
" : 15 Filipino films to watch out for in 2019 - CNN Philippines "
" may alter name pala kAMI DI KO MAALALA, sabi ni jess androdites daw HAHAHAHA pero kasi sabi ng sg noon, filipino dapat :&lt;"
"  it's a common Filipino remedy. They're obsessed!"
"sana mag update na ng grade sa Filipino gusto ko na makitaaaaa"
"You can find this Filipino street food all around the world  "
"i really fucking HATE and i can't emphasize my HATE for filipino celebrity culture. i cannot STAND the fact that AN "
"yawa sa filipino mani "
"Stop saying pang-Hollywood as a compliment or praise to Filipino movies bc aside from the fact that Hollywood mov "
" : My classmate,  said,  's WANEGBT MV aired on , a filipino channel tv and me be"
"yoko na ng filipino subject"
"#Health: #AlphaSpin and Swollen Lymph Node (Kulani in Filipino)  to the testimonial of how the AlphaSpin he "
"thesis sa filipino at english rewrite at defense pa, cheerdance sa mapeh sa friday, presentation sa esp sa monday GRADE 10!!! kaya pa? "
"everytime a character dies on a filipino teleserye: tatakbo rin ba yan sa senado?"
"natipok gid kami tanna sa filipino ba"
" Lam mo bitter mo pero at the same time may point ka remember nung first quarter sinabi ni sir saki n "
" I was born in the philippines and i don have any social relevance. Am I not filipino? PERO BISAYA "
"Filipino adult romance &gt; Western adult romance "
"St Augustine Publications, Inc. will hold a Summer In-Service Training on May 23,2019 which focuses on the theme: "
"yahahaha mcm drama filipino kan selalu depan2 je dia pakai english belakang2 pakai pinoy "
"my brother is a policeman but he likes K-pop and he's getting married next month to my beautiful ate.? not all "
"subject excellence in Math excellence in Science excellence in AP excellence in MAPeH "
" : Affordable condotel operate a hotel. good investment for all foreign,ofw's and filipino. income generating property ha"
"With Honors  in Science  in English  in Filipino  in Work Immersion  Lord!! Iba ka talaga!! "
"  I'm a Filipino..."
" Embarrass? You the one who is embarrassing yourself everyday of your life. Your obsession with Du "
"sabi na. filipino time talaga yun. maya pang 6 release result "
"Siguro pag mag e-end of the world Philippines ang huling magugunaw. Filipino time e"
"PRANK CALLING FILIPINO YOUTUBERS WITH MAYMAY ENTRATA (NAKAKATAWA TO!) | RenielReyesTV "
"Filipino NBA 2K star marvels at esports' future "
"It 2am, I had just made a 6 hour journey from SD to Fresno and lo-and-behold, I had one of my favorite home-cooke "
"Filipino Celebrity crush?  Donny Pangilinan "
"ewan ko pero ayaw ko talaga ng may subtitle kapag filipino moviessss HAHHSHAHAHAHAGA"
"'Honor Thy Father' is one of the best Filipino movie "
"Toxic filipino culture  kapag pangit ka, ekis ka "
" fight is a fight for justice and dignity not only for Hanjin  workers but for all contractual Filipino employe "
"Sobrang excited ko ng awitin ang Ako'y Iglesia Ni Cristo in Filipino Language kasi hindi ko na matandaan kung kai "
"PDEA: 31 celebrities 'involved' in illegal drugs "
"should i still wave my filipino flag even tho this country is most certainly going to descend to stupidity this coming senatorial elections?"
" : Filipino Artist making His name International.  That's our Inigo! #INIGOxWENGIEMediaLaunch"
"  Do you understand Filipino??"
"Filipino and English na lang kulang ko sa clearance "
"Half Filipina, Half Filipino  "
" : South Korean pop stars presenting a Grammy to a half Filipino artist might be the most Asian representation the Grammys ha"
"rip grade ko sa filipino"
"1979 : Stas Hiller translated  nohk boazob from Filipino to German"
" Just think of the poor Filipino MP who is going to have to address the Reclaim The Phillipines Rally"
" : Filipino Blinks!  tayo sa susunod!#BLACKPINK # #LISA # "
"another filipino romcom down HAHAHAHAHAHAHA"
"Yung natikman kona ata lahat ng klase ng food kaya hanap konaman yung filipino parin?"
"FILIPINO 2 AND PROBABILITY EDUCATION 2"
"Hanep lahat kame bumaba sa Filipino"
"Offtopic: Filipino mutuals that are already a voter please be smart enough to choose a candidate. 'd suggest to "
"Toxic Filipino Culture: "
" are here to tell you our stories, our thought processes, about how we came about our art, and how we can help e "
" awww HAHAHA just ask me Filipino words if you're curious HABDHSB"
"Tapos na exam noms na! Pero ... requirements waving at me:"
"#love is not finding #someone to #live with. It's finding someone you can't live without.#pinoy #filipino #smile #selfie #positive #happy"
"also. ik logically no one is thinking this probably but  non-ph mutuals hope u dont unfollow me for talking so muc "
" Mabenta ito sa mga oportunistang katulad mo  . You are traitors to the Filipino people "
"my friend from korea got bullied for being an otaku.. he's a filipino and he likes to attend cosplays. my friend fr "
"Filipino sports arnis, bakit ba di ako marunong nun. Teach me"
"Toxic Filipino Culture: ginagawang katatawanan ang mga bagay na dapat sineseryoso at iniintindi."
" : Maine Mendoza (), lone Filipino in Most Tweeted Celebrities list! "
"PH Highlights Success of 4Ps in Empowering Filipino Women "
" : toxic filipino culture: dauton ka basta nakita nilang nakalamang kas ilaha"
" : Wengie: Filipino fans are the loudest. I been everywhere, but Filipino fans are the loudest. I love it. #InigoxWengie"
"baboy noun meaning pig in Filipino #Filipino #pig"
"Eerie (2018): Watch It#Eerie is filled with familiar antics that ultimatey undermines the horror experience. But "
" Sksksksks i think its a universal Filipino thing"
"Fun #Filipino #movie to watch  Amazing Praybeyt Benjamin #ThankYou Netflix #Pinoy ://t.co/U8CgybSan2"
"Philippine Street Food and other Filipino Favorites Showcased in Paris' International Gastronomy Village at Trocade "
" : Overseas Filipino workers are now able to sell their unused mobile data through DENT Ethereum-powered mobile data excha"
"May natitira pa namang matitino, esp mga students ng MCC (char) Kaya those peeps na nag t-try talaga na mag grow an "
"I am Wakim and I am doing this for the Filipino people. , sbg kolng na bal-an nga ara gali sa iLead si waki "
"Once I give up wanting you attention there is no getting it again."
"Istg Filipino parents are NEVER satisfied. They always got something to say on the choices YOU make."
"Dami kong gusto puta! HAHAHAHAHAHAHA parang gusto ko na ren mag aral sa japan tas di na bumalik dito tapos hindi na "
"Governor-General Ramon Blanco described him as  most intelligent of the Filipino politicians, the true soul of "
" : PH Highlights Success of 4Ps in Empowering Filipino Women: "
"PH Highlights Success of 4Ps in Empowering Filipino Women: "
"I do not do long paragraphs but when I do send out a simp text, just know it is for real. "
"Can't believe the entitlement of some people! was sat on a table with an English husband at a Filipino Christmas "
"Taking a picture of the Back is difficult when you alone. #gym#filipino#workoutmotivation#workoutroutine#fit#fit "
"May have just caught myself saying  half Filipino, half Leb? Hawt!  #Goggleboxau"
"WATCH: The #MoveUP Project believes in the capacity of Filipino communities to diversify and make their livelihood "
"102-Year-Old Lolo Applies for Dual Citizenship at PH Consulate General in Honolulu: "
" BITCH IM FILIPINO TOO WE ARE ONE REMEMBER"
"Ur 2 big for a Filipino guy. "
"The most common viruses came from HIV ADIS from Philippines including this mother fucking Filipino gays who always "
" : The first FILIPINO EVENT APPROVE BY GEA (Saudi Government Entertainment Authorities)  PASCUAL LIVE IN JEDDAH  6"
" sama si  na ngayon ko lang nalaman na filipino pala  yazzzzz"
"The organizers of Underground MNL: JPN x PH vol 3 promised a party when they decided to bring Filipino and Japanese "
"Binatang filipina ft. Dalagang filipino ye"
"Boi ang saya magbasa ng filipino literatures sa library hahaha ang damiiii palaaaaa yee-haww dito na ako hanggang magsara haha"
"Filipino boy na makaluma "
" : DOTr Sec. Tugade: We are doing not for the President, not for us, but we are doing this for the people of Pampanga. We are doin"
"  we are hoping that Booth of you will go back to Manila. Filipino fans already misses you both "
""
"Y remember that Filipino drama called  Bukas Pa where that kid Santino had the power to heal people? Lol"
"Apparently, Filipino teleserye is popular in Myanmar"
" : GLORY TO YOU ST EZEKIEL MORENO              /    _/||   _/   IDEAL OF ALL THE FAITHFUL RECOLETOS    "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"One of the best Filipino horror movie I watched so far!! Hands down "
"Decided to watch a Filipino movie tonight &amp; I remembered why I don watch them anymore "
" My Filipino Boss is full of shit. Pak u po. "
"pls give it a try na manood ng filipino independent films. nagkaka-awards pa abroad pero sa sariling bansa konti la "
"filipino media want to tell inspirational stories of indigenous ppl but don want to use actors/actresses who have "
" I have advantage over Filipino moms. Woo!- Aidan"
"There will always be an unending toxic trait present in filipino families, that why I understand those who chose to leave the nest early."
"Travel Log 5: The Eating 5pm makan di Pasar Filipino. Lauk lautan semuanya fresh dan sedap. Mak suka dapat mak "
"  are u a Thai or a Filipino? Hskabebdnxc"
"If you wanna live, you wanna survive, you gotta fight for it!!! #photooftheday #Instaphoto #igersph #filipino "
"'Yung mapabilang ka sa 2,200 fans na kasama ni Bon Jovi sa cruise   "
"Filipino Celebrity Crush?  Sino nga ba? Hmmm si Donny Pangilinan. I remembered na ginagawa ko pang lock screen yun "
"  Seriously?? Wait   this acct try to make story about you and one of Filipino artist who already have BF "
" Lo mejor es el filipino (Doug Marcaida) y su sonrisa al decir su arma, mata"
" :  spent time with a Filipino family that likely won't get to work their Cape Cod summer jobs this year bc the"
"tots abt jowy  tawa lang ambag neto sa thesis sa filipino,, ingat kayu dito sumasayaw na nga lang nandadakma pa hh "
"I personally dont like the filipino stereotype of gay people 'cause it just focuses on the feminimity (sp ugh) aspe "
"JOBS IN KUWAIT***************** Required in Kuwait://t.co/pRxDkVTmU3 *****************        Ur "
" : Nagagalingan ako kay Alvarez ng PLDT, may ilalakas pa to. Sana makakasabay sya sa All Filipino Conference kapag katapa"
"Filipino ako. At Filipino akong nagsusulat para sa mambabasang Filipino sa wika ko b Filipino.  Lee "
"  bago ka makisawsaw, know the difference between 'ng' and 'nang'. My god di ba tinutur "
"Filipino celebs posting birthday greetings for Lisa. Yeah she is that girl "
" Filipino Time daw "
" Didn want to answer the FaceTime because you was watching Filipino movies "
" Some Filipino flavor comin ya way.   "
""
" Lordhen was a bitch. Sinimbag filipino teacher namo kay habo kuno niya magbati sa florante at laura HAHAHAHAHA "
"Top 1*best in -Math-English -Filipino-ESP-Science-M.A.PE.H-TLE(Tas di nakapunta ng pictorial) tanginaaaaa! Tulog paaa!"
"Pinasakit muna naman tyan ko kakatawa #FUMIYA Hahaha  Tounge Twister ://t.co/nb5clcbVD9#Pbbfumiya"
" : I realized today that I AM in fact an alien, and while I am thankful for my Filipino/Dutch/Spanish/French etc  earth s"
" : Ang inaabangang pagbabalik ng first Filipino anime series sa bansa,  mangyayari na!  Pakatutukan ang pagbabalik ng "
" Waow aren't you Filipino?"
" : lowkey matched with a lot of filipino and asian boys when I was in cali and now I'm sad bc they're all pretty cool and in"
"See how Philippines is becoming a major job for Emerson by provided customer service, engineering, and back office "
"Nakakakilig talaga mga romantic filipino movies. Ako nga din pahingi ng fake girlfriend! hahahaha Try lang po "
"toxic filipino culture?  yung di ka pa nila kilala, marami na silang nasasabi tungkol sayo :&gt; "
" I only know it a swear word in filipino I have yet to figure out which one"
"cali filipino twitter either at UCI/UCR/the bay lmao"
"toxic filipino culture???  konting usap? issue tabi? issue q alam bat ang iissue ng mga tao ngayon "
"tbh best choice na ito pinanood ko bc speculative fiction in (at least mainstream) filipino cinema is so rare and m "
" : Allahu Akbar! A #Christian Filipino sister has embraced Islam with us via FB.  used to work in Dubai, and hearing"
"Partida di pa ko nagpasa ng kulang sa english, filipino, at ap, di pa ko nag long test sa tle, yung revised thesis "
"  OMG sabi ko na nga ba Filipino kaaaaa"
"And besides,  he has more Filipino heart than other Filipinos,  his trait shows us na kaya niang makibagay.  That m "
" : tgif (thank god i'm filipino)"
"Toxic filipino culture:  bagsak ka, bobo ka. "
"idea I never followed through with:.A.S.T. - Filipino Americans Speaking Tagalog weekly gathering of non taga "
"Don watch too many of the filipino movies on Netflix at one time bc they will suck all the emotions out of you"
"   Noh!!! u shut up. It is good that there is someone who is willing to stan "
"This is sad. A country like Philippines which was mentioned by  in his videos several times because of O "
" I wanted to mess with this by saying.. is I Love You in Filipino but..I'm feeling nice so. "
" : today's episode of toxic Filipino culture "
"Just because Fumiya is in a Filipino TV Show doesnt mean he have to change his nationality just so he can please so "
" This is sad. A country like Philippines which was mentioned by  in his videos several times "
"Bet y gon say  school  look more Filipino. "
" Rekado Filipino Comfort Cuisine sa Davao po :)"
" : Binatang Filipino  haha#KierViSingleMORLaunch"
" i think it's a filipino term for slut??"
"tapos na school year, filipino time pa rin mga kaklase ko "
" : Welcome to another episode of: how dumb can a Filipino be? "
" I remember being that age in 2009 when I discovered the wonders of what was then called Filipino chi "
" : Therese Malvar is the youngest Filipino actor, at the age of 15 for HAMOG, to win an acting award from an A-list festival.."
"A Filipino woman who briefly sheltered Edward Snowden in 2013 in Hong Kong has been granted asylum in Canada. Ethan "
" mau tengo Concert Crew disini Manila  love u all Jadines in Indonesia.. I'm Filipino Indonesian jadine fan here "
"  This is sad. A country like Philippines which was mentioned by  in his videos seve "
"PH Ambassador Wee and PTIC-Jakarta witnessing the Signing of MoU between President of PT Passpod and Weepay Payment "
"Yes u know naman na we have a toxic Filipino mentality "
" mountains call out to me: Filipino trail runner aims for 75km and 44km back-to-back races "
"fun fact: she full filipino and whenever we argue she always hits me with the  keroro"
"Read up on our partnership with the US Peace Corps Philippines in training Filipino youth through the Habitat Young "
" Barrera on fb: Congratulations Senator Manny Pacman Pacquiao. Global Achievement by a Filipino. 50th Box Off "
" what wtf sksksks its one of da best filipino dish "
" : i should tweet in filipino more often "
"MAPAPAMURA KA SA EERIE. ONE OF A KIND FILIPINO HORROR MOVIE. #EERIEisHere"
" Merci la Chine : travailleuses domestiques originaires des Philippines viennent en Chine "
"SG SP Jain School offers scholarships for Filipino students, professionals: "
"i should tweet in filipino more often "
"Istilong maka-kaliwa...Wala namang solidong basehan...kawawa talaga yung mga tangang maniniwala. "
"WATCH: Filipino singer advances to next round of 'The Voice US'. "
" I HAVE NO CLUEJFJFN i think they think i look filipino?!"
"Just discovered Galunggong in an Asian store and the Filipino in me is crying af. Simple joys "
" Hahays ngano kaha na sa mo tweet ra gae kag about ing-ana iconnect dayun sa past, toxic filipino culture tho :("
"For Filipino who want to travel, check this out: "
"nanganganib filipino ko ah"
"Plus im going to report tomorrow which is a major requirement for that subject but i need to speak in FILIPINO!!!"
"Why the Spaniards Feared Marcelo H. Del Pilar More Than They Did Jose Rizal #Esquiremag.ph via "
" :   Pansin ko yung likes ng tweet pag about sa genuineness ni Fumiya, mala record-breaker."
"#Duterte will go down in history as a scourge to the Filipino people "
"  I love bts so much,bts is my happiness,bts is my life,Filipino Fan is here we love you bts"
" Filipino dungeon sige na padung ko, na pag-andam way bala, get the ha-hand gun ha "
"Authentic Filipino Chicken Adobo #cookingideas "
"Binatang Filipino  haha#KierViSingleMORLaunch"
"taena may award pa ako sa journal filipino e ang tamad tamad ko dun hahahshshahaha"
"I find myself very beautiful every time I'm wearing a traditional Filipino attire"
"Bai among filipino wa pa nahuman HAHAHA maskig poster lang gyud HAHAHAHA"
"that fucking old doctor think i am no good cause we don came from same nationality, WELL TO INFORM YOU ARE NOT TH "
"She also does surfing, scuba diving, horseback riding, and many more!  "
"Merienda?  Check out kantofreestyle65's Fried Suman with Mango Panna Cotta!  A fancier twist on a classic combo! "
"Filipino men love me "
" : Pope Francis has named two new Filipino bishops, who are both from Bohol-- Fr. Cosme Almedilla, as new bishop of Butuan City,"
"90 DAY UAE VISA  AED 819 / Indian / Sri Lankan or Whatsapp +9715518254239 "
"Sahaya  ng GMA sa mga epic serye that tackles about Filipino cultures. I super appreciate J Curtis acting "
"Thanks my Filipino moots for having thought me wise words such as putangina"
"Sawasdee kha. I am Nesh Tubil. I am a Filipino who currently lives in Thailand. Writing has been my outlet for expr "
"Hindi naman bobo mga Filipino para maniwala sa kanya. Tama po may mga taong nasa likod nya. "
"Convert English to Filipino Sentence -  FiLIPINO  LESSON (EASY LECTURE) "
" if ur Filipino then u don know sh*t about our culture.. if u ain then I ain even explaining u"
"Quick Filipino-Style Rib-Eye Steaks (Bistek Tagalog)://t.co/knxtw0BSAR"
"Hah nagiging toxic na ang ibqng Filipino sa totoo lang."
" : -= Distorted Filipino Priorities =- in the Philippines will you find politicians screaming over a now serious wate"
" : #DFAgram from the Philippine Embassy in Paris: The  welcomes its visitors to a Philippine exhibit entitled -A"
" : The  Welcomes Local Artists for  Across the Pacific: "
"No reported harassment of Filipino fishermen in Bajo de Masinloc  AFP-NoLCom "
"Huyy  you know what kana imong beauty kay pang dalagang pilipina kaayo thats shows filipino people moren "
"EERIE (2019) Movie is the best Filipino Horror Movie for me as of now.  Plot Twist  "
" : Chef Miguel Trinidad, together with food entrepreneur Nicole Ponseca, continues to put Filipino cuisine on the global foo"
"Naghahanap ka ba ng Filipino action movie na pang-Hollywood ang dating? na ang MARIA! NOW SHOWING in cine "
" : We are pleased to announce that Emmy Award-Winning TV host and radio personality Lanai Tabura will be joining us to share"
"The first FILIPINO EVENT APPROVE BY GEA (Saudi Government Entertainment Authorities)  PASCUAL LIVE IN JEDDAH "
"Naghahanap ka ba ng Filipino action movie na pang-Hollywood ang dating? na ang MARIA! NOW SHOWING in cine "
"Isang binatang Filipino yeh. "
"Naghahanap ka ba ng Filipino action movie na pang-Hollywood ang dating? na ang MARIA! NOW SHOWING in cine "
" : Brian Tajo, a recent HAAS School of Business EMBA '18 graduate and #FYLPRO alumnus, believes that success goes beyond ca"
" :  Europe's booming river cruise sector hides shocking abuse. That is not #FairTransport! our action week "
" boohoo you filipino"
" I'm too embarrassed to bring them to the Filipino employees at my local Walgreens for purchase"
" ISEIDRXRIIFR7FR7FTCT7 THEY TRIED SAYING THEY WERE MIXED WITH FILIPINO LIKE THIS IS SO F7FIFIVIIGIFIFIGIGIGIG"
"house wives with big tits "
" &amp; Like if youre a Filipino designer, wanna see who else there is :)"
"Ay mga walang hiya talaga oh. Pati mga nananahimik na bulls sinama ka nila sa kagaguhan na yan. Eh kung gusto nila "
"Looking at all the posts bout how filipino boys are atm like "
"Salamat sa kindness ni pastor, naging daan ito para sa reunion ng magkakapatid na matagal na palang naghahanap sa k "
"Happy Birthday Mr.  President,,  i wish you fullfill all your commitment to The Filipino People,, Long Live,,  Happ "
" i do know how much money you make but I was laughing so hard Abbie does that weird I fit in with cool k "
"Quick Filipino-Style Rib-Eye Steaks (Bistek Tagalog) "
"My Filipino ass wants some fishball and kikiam rn.  "
"Toxic Filipino culture: may nanonood ng movie at napanood na nila, ikekwento nila while watching tskk"
" :  ;A;://t.co/xof7HXX3Et"
"putek bang tagal magstart ng program, filipino time talaga "
"With honor pa oi HAHAHA project sa esp pd ni report perioduc exam sa filipino nag pass ug journal "
" : filipinos have call out culture because we value hiya more than actually doing the right thing. if you want to compel"
"Filipino Artist making His name International.  That's our Inigo! #INIGOxWENGIEMediaLaunch"
" Our Filipino side didn bless us with that skill"
" NY-6. Be right in the block with my Filipino homies. Very progressive-leaning district."
" : toxic filipino culture about parents: mas better ang mga pinsan mo kesa sa iyo."
"Filipino Family conversations always end up to witches and superstitions "
"Are you into filipino women? Date me  dobby get out of my ask box "
"  ..?? Let be real, a ng like the one in the story ain apologized to non "
"id love to properly sit down and learn languages... canto and jp are on the top of my personal priorities but tbh f "
" ;A;://t.co/xof7HXX3Et"
"Heart attack ang nakukuha ko sa errie. HAHAHAHAHA. Can i just say na this Movie is the best horror Filipino Movie I "
"buti na lang pinirmahan agad ang sa filipino hakhak nawawala pa naman yung portfolio qqqq"
"Monday. Quiz in Management Science. Quiz in Cost and Intermediate accounting and exam in Purposive Com. "
"icon commissions: 1$ only but u can pay more if u want lol. (if ur filipino its ok if u give me like 45 pesos skksk "
"Filipino women open up on harassment in PUVs in a viral Facebook post "
"Let not leave Andre behind now for the BIG 4! Admit it or not, he way too different from the previous seasons "
"SONG COVER CHENSTIVAL EXO-L singers, we encourage you to join the #CHENSTIVAL and upload your covers of C "
" Preg a  del d que fuimos a comer filipino."
" Heres my list:- Phineas and Ferb- Pokemon Sun and moon the series- Random Filipino Cartoon (I'm to "
"SHSJSJH LAST  also happened to me!!!! a filipino teacher deadass humiliated me in front of class because i couldn "
"Ang inaabangang pagbabalik ng first Filipino anime series sa bansa,  mangyayari na!  Pakatutukan ang pagbabalik ng "
"the chaos? the food love? the Volume? the loud self love mixed with huge adoration for his family? literally hes filipino di ba"
"Wengie: Filipino fans are the loudest. I been everywhere, but Filipino fans are the loudest. I love it. "
" Yuck.selfie lng.alam..kwawa Filipino.what happwn sa country.yn.mga binoto ng masa."
"asjdkglds i have a report in filipino and i have to say pariralang .....im so ded HAHAH :(((((((("
" : #100MIFG  achievements are directly proportional to your sweat, blood, and tears I had to endure, says Mario Bejaga"
"i need more fine filipino guys to come to my school lmfao"
"  Fui madre muy joven y crec junto a m hija escuchando y bailando con Xuxa y Enrique y "
"God, please save the Filipino people. "
" : toxic filipino culture sumagot- bakit hindi ka sumasagot a?!- aba? SUMASAGOT KA NA A!"
" Lmao girlll netflix movies are bomb af. I spent all day watching filipino rom-coms and i cried all day "
"tatapusin ko na 'yung filipino ko para print na lang mamaya hehe."
"Since I a Filipino who identifies as a black man. ://t.co/CKu0yzzj9A#trump2020"
"bwiset na Filipino to!! Kailangan may recitation pa grrrr"
"Who wants to buy my LY Seoul DVD??? I have 1 extra. buyers only  DM me #BTS #LYSeoulDVD #LYDvd"
"#OPMHighlights  28 hour of PURE OPM Guestings, Live Performances! Filipino talent "
" schoolmate ko 'to nung elem din hahahaa. Wala ko idea non na nakanta ka pala hahaaha until nakasama kita "
"Filipino wtf"
"4 sisters and a wedding the best Filipino movie that represents Filipino Family"
"Naghahanap ka ba ng Filipino action movie na pang-Hollywood ang dating? na ang MARIA! NOW SHOWING in cine "
" I'm Filipino but I would not do that 'm already a girl"
" : Correlation Between Reading Anxiety and Reading Comprehension among Filipino Grade 7 Learners by: Isabella B"
"   WE ARE VERY PROUD OF YOU  , PERFORMING TO OTHER COUNTRY  IS A REAL BIG "
" : filipino tweets are funnier than american tweets i always die of laughter help"
"Hi, can i ask po kung paano po i-solve yung relationship within the classroom na nasisira because of the people n "
" You tube , watching American idol, X factor or old classic Filipino movie..#MultifacetedALDEN #ALDUBNationLoveBinds"
" : HELLO FELLOW FILIPINO INSOMNIA anyone have a clip of the girls calling out random fans to win polaroids and albums"
"Yung friend mong tinatawanan ang Visayan accent kapag nagtatagalog sila. Tapos ima-mock pa na  ka man dong? "
"Akala mo Dalagang Filipina, Dalagang Filipino pala "
""
"ano grade mo sa filipino?  94 baket? hshshshshs "
"The Filipino mom FIRST blog post!!!!! "
"Filipino firm Jollibee takes on US fried chicken chains.  It not just US quick service restaurants seeking to tak "
" : Mas nakakaiyak yung filipino version ng miss granny"
" He has great taste, Jerry. Check out Filipino writers in National Bookstore. They should have at l "
"Best in Computer in Math in CLE in English in Filipino in Mathematics High Honors"
" : Not have a pure Filipino blood but he has a pure Filipino Heart's Rooting for Fumiya to be part of the Big 4?#TeamLAY"
"Filipino accent while using English is pleasant to hear for some reason"
"Baby Angelo.. Hindi man nmin mkita ang pglalakad mo,  pero  mananatili kng special baby ng sambayanan Filipino. "
" : Toxic Filipino culture: you speak  different language they will repeat  what did you say then laugh."
"Two women models walked by, a Filipino and a Black American.: *to the Black American* You looked like a Basket "
"HELLO FELLOW FILIPINO INSOMNIA anyone have a clip of the girls calling out random fans to win polaroids and a "
"kanina pasuko na ko sa Filipino, pero narinig ko yung song for graduation, ginaganahan ako boi"
"UAE weather forecast; Jellyfish infestation in RAK; Car 'spy' caught in Dubai; Emirati who sings in Filipino shocks "
"Filipino dance group beats Belgium team in  Duels of US  of Dance - "
" mao nay mga ilhanan sa mga low IQ filipino hahahaha pakauwaw lang"
"TUMULO LUHA KO NONG NAKAUSAP KO SI MAMA ABOUT SA FILIPINO SUB. SYA LANG YUNG IIBABAW SA MAGAGANDA KONG GRADES TANGINAA!!"
"President Duterte may discuss reports of alleged harassment by Chinese coast guards of Filipino fishermen during hi "
"Nakaraos din sa filipino"
" : toxic filipino culture:~ kapag maganda ka mahalaga ka. ~ kapag wala kang istura binabalewala ka"
"  Bagsak na sa filipino!!!! !!!!!!"
" : Our #SocialMAiNEdiaQueen, the lone Filipino in 2017 's most tweeted celebrity list continues to dominate social media engageme"
" : I am a proud Filipino! could take a bullet for my country! will not allow chinese supporters to be in the Philip"
"You can call me an Asian American/Filipino American/minority architect so long as you refer to white architects as "
" : ~ ako ay Filipino ~ product breakdown on my insta "
" : #Ziplining 80 feet above the #Paradise #Island of #Boracay is nothing short of flying, literally.#itsmorefuninth"
"Me at a friend's baby shower:Congrats sis. This is your shining moment as a mother. In Filipino, kinang ina ka."
"with honors and best in filipino are wavingggg HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA"
" I'm not sure hahaha pero I found a reseller dyan sa US  Obviously mas mahal pero mas mahal ang pa "
"Jej is fucking insane. Carry that Filipino flag my brother."
", a Filipino-Horror movie that was recently released this week. For me, I would rate it 8/10, it not your "
"Filipino Ingenuity car wash? Pop a hole in a water bottle lid and squeeze for a firm stream. are many le "
"me reading my filipino/indonesian mutuals' tweets in my head until they switch languages mid-sentence "
"Maybe it's time to accept that the Filipino nation is in fact incapable of self-government"
" : . will play Agnes in the film 'Maledicto' and its 's first-ever Filipino Film! Learn more about it r"
"#Exotic #wildlife, #mangrove #forest reserves, mesmerizing #lagoons, &amp; of course, perfect white sand #beaches, the "
"Di ko pa namn pinag aralan report ko sana pala nag filipino dish nalanf ako para madali lang mapaliwanag"
"Mga pasig blue boys parang hindi Filipino eh. Di mapakiusapan sa konting diperensya lang. "
"23andMe says I'm .5% Thai and .4% Filipino . Does that mean I'm invited to the cookouts?"
" APPLICANTS ONLY the work of marketing managers and executives on projects directed  "
" One of my local fandoms is based on the national novel and I love the people who write fanfic in Filipino, "
"Pretty disheartening to think that you can change anything but that pretty much the reality. The odds of 10k+ ( "
"yung Filipino subject namin nagiging p.e. na. Lol"
" Fuck dude all I seeing is my Filipino parents sending my headass back to the Philippines if I don go to graduation"
" : .'s message to his Filipino fans: Thank you to all the Filipino fans. I appreciate the love and support. "
" As someone who can identify what her 2nd and third languages are, it's normal for certain skills to lag beh "
" HOOOOY I HAVE A LOTS OF STORIES TOO!!!! SHET YES PLS MISS KO NA FILIPINO FOODS :&lt;"
" BIG YIKES! This happens to me too?? I white/filipino"
" :  Sure! I have lots of stories to tell you. HAHA. Feeling ko umay ka na sa Japanese food. Eat tayo sa kahit anong F"
" Sure! I have lots of stories to tell you. HAHA. Feeling ko umay ka na sa Japanese food. Eat tayo sa kahit "
"  So true na adopt na nya so proud din as a Filipino kasi Pinoy ang nag turo sa kanya "
" B-bro...so filipino food...APPARENTLY AIN'T UP TO DATE IG"
"More than 150+ #Filipino's attended InstaReM exclusive screening of  in Singapore, supported by the "
" : My 13th state: : Grand Canyon, Arizona almost fainted going for this cliff#grandcanyon #arizona #nationalparks #sout"
"#CitizenServices is the Filipino access to diverse information on civil registration, passport application, and o "
"filipino movies marathon sa Netflix... actually... ang dami n series and movies hnd ko na wwatch... kinain ang sist "
"I think we should consider some tighter controls on borders such as restricting immigration from countries where t "
"wet snowy night. good night #goodnight #snowy #snowynight #springtime #calgary #calgaryalberta #canada #citylife "
"Asong Filipino yeah!  "
"  and Filipino is actually based from Tagalog and not the other way around, so Cebuan "
" : Filipino Fast-Food Chain Jollibee Is Coming to Journal Square "
"Omidyar thru his lackey Maria Ressa making the rounds of the Filipino community denouncing press freedom ek ek. Res "
"     where your building money should go to.... for ONCE, DO SOMETHING FOR "
" : toxic filipino culture?  kapag nakashorts ka, malandi ka "
" remember praying for the things I have now. "
"Haayy Filipino time ano na"
" : By Francis Wakefield Forces of the Philippines-Northern Luzon Command (AFP-NoLCom) Chief Lt. Gen. Emmanuel B. Sa"
"If  means sincere commitment to the sanctity of human life &amp; our fundamental constitutional principles of "
"toxic filipino culture: "
" Filipino...MODERN????"
"ok well I full filipino and i vouch y not to date any of my relatives either  LMFAOOOOYOUFUCKBOYSOOOO"
"Okay lang naman mag english pero kung mali grammar wag na pilitin. HAHAHAHAHA using tagalog or filipino doesn mak "
"kung ano ikinabait ng prof ko sa purposive/filipino opposite naman sa tatlo :("
"Binatang filipino yea yeah jonell"
"PDEA: 31 celebrities 'involved' in illegal drugs | Foto from PDEA Top Stories FB page "
" : Good old Filipino generosity, celebrating the Navy that drives Filipinos from their fishing grounds, padding loan colla"
"Anyways PH orbits follow me and let's scream about LOONA in filipino"
" : FEMALE OFFICE ASSISTANT Dubai United Arab Emirates FEMALE OFFICE ASSISTANT FILIPINO ONLY  office documents"
"in 5th grade i had a filipino teacher from hawaii and someone straight up told me  a conversation bitch HUHHH???"
"Correlation Between Reading Anxiety and Reading Comprehension among Filipino Grade 7 Learners by: Isabel "
" : Filipino joke of the day : hotdog "
"With my pretty girls and handsome #secosana cousins.  you guys   Mesa Filipino Moderne SM city San Lazaro "
"Watch the traditional Filipino dramatization of the passion, death and resurrection of Jesus Christ on April 13 at "
" : since everybody be tweeting that filipino boys be breaking hearts i just wanna say THEY DON'T "
" YOU DO NOT LOOK FILIPINO"
" : hello! please help me graduate! i need 30 users, preferably women ages 17+ to do a user test for our website about the"
"Nakakaaliw naman tong The Filipino Children and youth in a koleidoscope"
"Help make it happen for #HiFiKitchen: Filipino-American Comfort Food on  #LosAngeles #pinoypride"
" :   I think we need to educate our young filipinos about Philippine history and culture. Some teens"
"Ma'am Amelita Lagman's a one of a kind teacher. Siya yung tutulong sayo para ma build-up yung self-confidence m "
"Can an OFW buy a property while outside the Philippines? - Filipino Homes Official Blog "
" : Toxic Filipino culture is when tough and straightforward questions are considered rude and impolite."
" George needs all those dollars to pay his Filipino hookers"
"john lloyd really is the best filipino actor out there"
" : Los Angeles based Filipino American artist Just Matthew brings in the heat with his latest single  Don't Play With Me "
"At least four European ball clubs have made offers for Filipino teenager Kai Sotto. "
"  As one of your American fans I sure wish I understood Tagalog so I could more fully "
"  Toxic Filipino. Andami niyo na."
" If it has feet I eat ( Filipino Old Man quote )"
"Kabudlay sabton kay Filipino!"
"  Hello. Filipino, 25, Radio DJ, Blogger, #WIP is a coming-of-age novel "
"FILIPINO 2 AND PROBABILITY EDUCATION 2"
"toxic filipino culture; they'll make fun of you for being a kpop fan"
" : Group 02 Filipino Me Tangere Tailer "
"   BET, just remind me of the date like a week before because ye know, Filipino parents"
"Why, yes, we publish poetry in Filipino. "
"I mean the senate looks like a circus right now pero that is not how the senate should be Mr. President. need p "
"SHOUT OUT TO FILIPINO UNIVERSE OUT THERE  "
" : Filipino Seafood is always the best!   as they experience an authentic boodle feast for the first"
"I'm done with the softbind for Filipino Research, Hardbound for English naman. Bakasyonnnnnnn here I comeeeeee!"
"Dare I say, Filipino men on Facebook are stupid. "
" : no one: twt: fuck filipino boys you whores!!"
"No. Hahah. Be faithful to becoming a good Filipino citizen muna. Daming hanash. Never naman nagfootbridge sa rotund "
"My kind of Jam, kahit na Filipino Boy ang Jowa ko hahahahaha "
""
"twitter is shitting on filipino men rn and I just "
" Filipino Languange."
"HAHAHA! Ang kukulit! Dura Dura Dura! LOL!  Pamilya Kwela "
" huy pagaya sa filipino"
"Asia: Snowden granted refugee status to a Filipino woman and her daughter after her unexpected role in prov "
" Filipino Food  "
"i that rare kind of filipino who can sing "
"So I got my 23andMe results back today and SURPRISE SURPRISE I mostly Filipino  (well, ~90%): If you still "
"I personally feel attacked with all the  boys are heartbreaks tweets like y want to make me cry again thanks twitter"
" : I half Filipino, not half . My dad didn marry a Bible bro"
"Bat ang bibitter ng mga tao sa mga may honors? They deserved it naman. Typical filipino"
"Fams got me watching thai series  5 times shorter &amp; better than filipino ones i guess lol"
" : not txt or kpop related but a lot of Filipinos get this wrong . tagalog, cebuano, etc are languages not dialects. filipi"
"we eat basmati at home bc of its low glycemic index but it doesn't really go well with most filipino food imo. it i "
" Filipino folklore says that our race originated from MALAKAS and MAGANDA.      Definitely Not saying "
"Filipino athletes are determined to bring the Philippines back to the podium "
"FILIPINO HARD ROCK AT IT'S FINEST... enjoy.... "
"Favorite Filipino Romantic Movie?  The hows of us "
"  Teka Meron ba tayong magandang original Filipino movie? Ask ko sila Humana Ng thai version hahaha"
" : Walk around the beach with my two boys #mensfashion #menstyle #mensfashionblog #beachbody #menswear #menstrend #fit #pause"
"Bobo sa math sa english sa filipino sa ap sa esp sa mapeh sa tle sa science "
"Y think about you dating someone couple years older than you or couple younger than you is weird you fi "
"do yall ever think about kung gaano tayo ka mahal ng  gusto ko lang talaga magtweet na umpisa english tap "
" :   hello filipino ako pero di ako magaling magtagalog akdhjdgd i live in the us pls help me learn m"
"Eventhough I'm not a fan of , this news still shocked me. Considering the feelings of her many filip "
"My mom was explaining a situation &amp; she started it off with  was laughing to my ass she meant to say  was laug "
" They represent the aeta, theyre filipino natived and they actually do look like that. Alot of my relati "
" :         "
" : Today, I was asked which Pok I thought represented Filipino people and this is the only one that came to mind. https:/"
"Filipino carpenters deserve to see  again  #SaveSingularTourManila"
"This Filipino art is  New York "
"Today, I was asked which Pok I thought represented Filipino people and this is the only one that came to mind. "
"not txt or kpop related but a lot of Filipinos get this wrong . tagalog, cebuano, etc are languages not dialects "
"Napaiyak ako kanina dahil sa   Filipino"
" : toxic filipino culture mas matanda ka ikaw lang dapat nirerespeto, iniintindi, ikaw lagi tama, &amp; masusunod"
"Affordable condotel operate a hotel. good investment for all foreign,ofw's and filipino. income generating property "
" :  am independently developing wastewater treatment facilities in the Philippines."
" Binatang filipino ye"
"Filipino MAY ako po si Park Jihoon JAJZNDJEKWHSBBEE OKAY "
"Filipino wife... easy points there for the muckrakers... there a streak of racism through the Labor party, don "
" : Please support my good friend and filipino student Andre! He deserves a spot in the BIG4 #BBANDRE #LouDre #PBBOTSO #PBB8Harap"
"v proud of all the filipino carpenters out there #SaveSingularTourManila"
" Nagverify kasi AFP kay Chinese Ambassador.  Siyempre Ambassador yun, dapat paniwalaan ng AFP.  "
"#RepublikaNgNBA series presents Filipino NBA fan stories  "
"On #ICLMR (#Filipino fishermen file #ICC complaint against #China. "
"does someone have a thread of filipino pop/rock/r&amp;b artists posted on their twitters"
" Indeed. "
" Four cloves of garlic is MINIMUM for any Filipino dish!"
"Toxic filipino culture: magaling at matalino ako sayo kasi marunong ako mag ingles, matangos ilong ko, maputi "
" : Dalagang Filipino yeah   HAHAHAHAHAHA "
"Pasintabi po sa mga kumakain, Petite ginaya si Janine Tugonon! tawanan muna mula kila Kim Idol, Phillip La "
"MY FELLOW FILIPINO CARPENTERS DESERVE THE SINGULAR TOUR I HAVE MUTUALS WHO ARE SO EXCITED!!! #SaveSingularTourManila "
"my dad made my favorite adobong pusit and filipino cravings are the best to satisfy mmm "
" Mahal na mahal kita (Filipino) I love you so much (English) W f  n (Chinese) Watashi wa ana "
"Toxic filipino culture: mo ang nagplaplano para sa kinabukasan mo, hindi ikaw"
" : Filipino athletes are determined to bring the Philippines back to the podium "
"In the #Philippines, the cost of living is much lower than the developed world. This doesn necessarily mean the s "
"Filipino athletes are determined to bring the Philippines back to the podium "
" "
"Militant youth group League of Filipino Students slammed the Duterte govt for being  of defending our cou "
" : looking for your Filipino mom in a casino is like fcuking where waldo, there are SO many of them and they ALL LOOK THE SAME"
"I have this soft spot for Filipino love story movies"
"Filipino Vanessa Rodel and her seven-year-old daughter Keana, who helped to shelter former NSA contractor Edward Sn "
"Ano ba yang tawagan nila nakakaloka as a filipino blink"
"What are your thoughts on family reunions?  out some of the things that we're sure we all go through during "
"Military disputes reported harassment of Filipino fishers in Scarborough "
"No les cont que en una motonave un filipino me dijo que era rara. Empezando por mi nombre, cre que era masculino "
"     FILIPINO TIME FOR ONE MINUTE MEANS 20 LMAO"
"Filipino thesis exam completion  beri gud HAHAHA "
" : FILIPINO BREAKFAST BE LIKE : "
"Man I love listening to filipino music"
" : WATCH ULAN ITS SO DIFFERENT FROM TYPICAL FILIPINO MOVIES LIKE PAHUNA HUNAON JD KA NIYA DLE PREDICTABLE ANG MAHITABO AND ANG"
"Mah mexican iranian filipino bae "
"Group 02 Filipino Me Tangere Tailer "
" : And tonight, Kathryn &amp; Daniel will be recognized at the 50th Guillermo Mendoza Memorial Scholarship Box Office Entertainment Aw"
"Filipino time tho .."
" ruining lives of the Filipino"
"Speaking of dumb shit my father has done,,, when him and my mom were dating he used to cook Filipino food to woo he "
"A lot of filipino carpenters would really really want to see  #SaveSingularTourManila"
"By Francis Wakefield Forces of the Philippines-Northern Luzon Command (AFP-NoLCom) Chief Lt. Gen. Emmanuel B. "
"1st yr hs - my fil teacher said i copied my fil book report bc she couldnt believe i did it bc she knows i suck at "
" : ATM: Launching of the research project 'The Filipino Child and Media: Media Consumption, Parental Mediation, and Class"
" : WATCH: Filipino singer advances to next round of 'The Voice US' "
"I see filipino people rn has more room for hate rather than fucking understanding everyone."
" : im tired of seeing ppl slander filipino men."
"subject you struggle with the most? :)  right now i think life science kasi di ko na maalala yung mga inaral ko be "
"10. #LoveTalagaPoemsonLoveandOtherMushyFeelyStuff by Anj CP mix of English and Filipino poems some poems reson "
"Hey if u wanna rumble I rumble. I 5 and Filipino, what good "
".... if by bakla, you mean the typical filipino definition of an effeminate  then,,,, sis u wrong "
"As expected Northern Commmand said no reports of harrassment of Filipino fishermen"
"why is it so difficult to Just Find Research on filipino americans and depression like there not enough for me to "
" iT DOESN apply to YOU &amp; THE REST OF THE ACTUALY GENUINE FILIPINO BOYS "
" I remember seeing Shake Rattle &amp; Roll but other than that there not a lot of Filipino monster series"
" In Filipino accent: Kate any other accent: Kaith"
"Walk around the beach with my two boys #mensfashion #menstyle #mensfashionblog #beachbody #menswear #menstrend #fit "
"    For Filipino ARMYs, we're good with Eng sub."
"I seriously slaved over a hot stove and oven all day today in preparation of kado birthday tomorrow  I made his "
" I've always been proud of Pacquiao as a boxer and will always be proud of him as the greatest Filipino p "
"9 - Lourdes Cruz     Lourdes J. Cruz is a Filipino biochemist whose research has contributed to the understanding "
"9 - Clara Lim Sylianco     Dr. Josette T. Biyo is a Filipino educator and former executive director of the Philip "
"9 - Josette Biyo     Dr. Josette T. Biyo is a Filipino educator and former executive director of the Philippine S "
"     Filipino ARMYs are okay with Eng sub too"
"Naniniwala ang kampo ni Marcos na kung mabibilang at mapag-aaralang muli ang mga dokumentong may kaugnayan sa halal "
" : Now, who's hungry?://t.co/ykUoQPZRN3  #tagalogtravels #wild #crocodiles #hungry #nature #crocs #gainers #love"
"ULAN is going full tilt in Vancouver. Surrey, looks like the other movie is wrapping up tomorrow. No other Filipino "
" : Warning ** this how the filipino fuckbois trap you acting like they genuine "
"Filipino relatives are a different kind of loud"
" MY FILIPINO IS WILDING RN"
"my dad is filipino smh that what y did ! can trust any of you LIARS "
"Now, who's hungry?://t.co/ykUoQPZRN3  #tagalogtravels #wild #crocodiles #hungry #nature #crocs #gainers "
"Taena nung message ko kay li HAHAHA ginamit ko panaman nung japanese keyboard pero same keyboard sa filipino HAHAHHAHAH"
" a domestic helper, it really hard to get a proper training. But that's not stopping Dolly from gearing up fo "
"i'm so sorry for flooding y'all with #SaveSingularTourManila but please know that i really love  as "
"The more I work with western folks, the more I realize how fucking disgusting some Filipino traits are. I'll be for "
"Filipino at ESP na langggg"
"Dalagang Pilipina yeah, sa Filipino yeah"
"Im not even working yet but im already close with 2 of the Filipino staffs from the Philippines "
"Shet. I'm not into filipino rap but Shanti dope's wordplay is making me feel things "
"Naghahanap ka ba ng Filipino action movie na pang-Hollywood ang dating? na ng MARIA! NOW SHOWING in cinemas "
" Are you even Filipino because DAMN"
"I swear no one loves Filipino spaghetti more than I do"
"as a filo i'm sorry KSKSKKSM it's like that sometimes and if you want to translate something tweeted in filipino th "
" filipino pride"
" : Remaining focused and humble"
"time to binge sad filipino movies kasi bawal daw ako gumala "
"calling on all my filipino sisters and brothers:  store here in guam exclusively sells philippine products? su "
"question, do i rlly look filipino ?? i don think i do but this is the second time today someone assumed i was pin "
" : .  presenting his research with #Filipino late-life immigrants to the Asian Caucus of the NZ Pu"
"Whatchu lookin at es"
" Social Crush 2019 - Nominee #4: PORMANG MILLENNIALS: Fashionista may submit your entries on "
"Paano kung Binigyan mo naman siya ng HALAGA pero Nakuha parin ng IBA? - Hey Katie  Music &amp; Entertai "
"Uy Yen! nak!naging junakis ko to dahil sa roleplay namin sa filipino ih,pati si raki pala Mabait tong lalaking "
" Filipino"
"  Lower pa. Starts with a T in Filipino, P in English."
" : Once your grandma passes away it ain a family anymore nobody comes around, nobody talks , nobody fucks with each other a"
" : STAHB SCROLLING!!!  ARMY KA???  MO NA TOH! ARMYS ARMYS ARMYS ARMYS ARMYS"
"Paita jud aning Filipino uy"
"also she thought i was filipino, which why. when my brother messes with me by joking that i adopted (i not "
"Naghahanap ka ba ng Filipino action movie na pang-Hollywood ang dating? na ng MARIA! NOW SHOWING in cinemas "
"What's the coolest thing you've seen today?? Us, Ostrich eggs! artist Danny Rayos Del Sol makes a beautifu "
" Filipino 'comedy' is so strange"
"Favorite video game?  rn Apex Legends, but all time MW3 "
"my mom is watching a movie from the phillipines and i never knew they mixed filipino with english"
"       "
"I hate this toxic filipino mindset where a serious issue is brought up like sexual harassment, suicide, etc,. and i "
"filipino carpenters deserve better than this. they should experience the singular tour like everyone else! #SaveSingularTourManila"
" HAHAHAHA THATS AMAZING. In Filipino, you can have a conversation where you repeat the syllable.  ba? "
"winner ang all filipino laro ng   sa 3rd set kahapon. Natalo man, pinakita nila na kayang kaya nila "
"The identity of the Filipino today is of a person asking what is his identity.- Nick Joaquin"
"Lalakas ng filipino sa asia 2 server ah"
"Pakainin nyo ng lechon, buttered sugpo at king crabs. Lobsters, aligi ng alimango, leche plan. Tapos painumin ng sl "
"I've never watched any filipino shows before until I met #Donkiss I hope you'd give them this role cause just like "
" LMAOOO i watched videos like  to know youre filipino"
" Fil-Sci - Filipino-Science "
" Just so you know, tangina is a Filipino curse word. That's why we found it very funny that that's o "
" : I want to watch Eerie because I know it'll be one of the best Filipino horror movies of all time kaso lagi akong magisa"
"My filipino neighbors are really fucking loud and annoying at late hours like holy fuck shut the fuck up"
"I need some Filipino kids to be friends with that actually speak that Tagalog"
"Marvel: Avengers Endgame will be 3 hours &amp; 2 minutes.  churches: lol"
"Nail biting. Heart pounding. Scream worthy. Grabe! It exceeded my expectations sa filipino horror movie. Akala ko h "
"Filipino women most are liars and cheaters that use older men to get them citerzenship and then leave then for youn "
" : This is Jollibee Dressing as our national Filipino costume's why Jollibee is our mascot in the Filipino fast food chai"
"ang lala ng filipino may ako ponsi park jihoon"
"when filipino's play a scary game funny moments P.T. the horror game "
"Wikang Filipino ay wika ng pagbabago, sa patuloy na pagdaos ng panahon ang ating wika ay patuloy na nagbabago ayon "
"Help a Student Attend an International Conference: I am Irish Julliana U. Pagulayan, and I am a Filipino Grade 11 S "
"filipino centrism in action "
" : do filipino ppl have 2 first names 2 last names or 1 firs tand 3 last or 3 first and one last or 2 first one middle name"
"Am i the only one who watched this back then or was it like every filipino "
"Hailed as one of Manila's best restaurants, don't forget to sample the three-cut pork BBQ (cooked over charcoal &amp; w "
"can i just manifest that  na bituin is one of the best filipino teleseryes of all time and it deserves a "
"k but why do filipino break up songs sound way more sad than english ones even tho i dont understand every single word "
" F for Filipino."
"idk why but if ever noli and el fili was turned to a filipino telenovela, id like Ian Veneracion to be Ibarra"
" : Filipino MAY, ako po si Park Jihoon.://t.co/C6k2ejYxGq"
" : unpopular opinion: filipino parent edition parents are probably racist, homophobes who think mental health is irrel"
" : TOXIC FILIPINO CULTURE: KAPAG MABABA GRADES/SCORES MO BOBO KA"
"my maple story ex bf was a filipino canadian and that's all I remember about him. I hope he's doing well lol"
" : I want some seafood"
" im filipino and i hate adobo"
"i gonna b the tita baby in the next gen of my filipino family lmfaooo"
"  Oh my god  when I said  Samoan  ( thats Simone even though she 1000 diff races  ) a "
"P120,000 for 4 years.  you so much CHED and to all Filipino taxpayers. "
"26 Filipino companies keen to tap US2.6-trillion global halal market at MIHAS 2019 "
"Fun Fact 7.a of us 3 siblings, my little brother shows the most traits of having spanish blood. I have a mix o "
"Filipino parents and relatives have left the chat "
" American-born Filipino here. Sometimes does the Tony Stark thing. Or the hooded jerk or arrow-shootin "
" Trulyy.!! A big toxic filipino trait "
"Filipino men be like "
"Are you Filipino?  No "
"Dear Followers and Visitors, Good Morning to You All  Real Kabayan is #Star_Markets #Jeddah #Yanbu#Filipino "
"filipino had to do this to me didnt she "
" Could sworn he had Filipino blood. He was doing school sa pinas"
" HAHAHAHAHAHA kung ganyan lang lahat yung mga example sa filipino, mas gaganahan sana ako HAHAHAHAHHA"
"  Bill Beal. it's the filipino word for gut or pooch"
"Perks of doing YouTube stuff Demo Teacher in Filipino"
"PRE-SELLING ALBERLYN BOX HILL RESIDENCES - ANNEX as low as 11K monthly!!: 20k!! through B "
" For a second... I thought you're a filipino omg "
"Welcome to another episode of: how dumb can a Filipino be? "
"filipino carpenters deserve to see the singular tour too!! #SaveSingularTourManila"
"I can believe how poor these #Filipino accents are on   Sunday episode. Please get a better vocal coach."
" Samoan &amp; black or Samoan &amp; Filipino full Samoan is my Honorable mention "
"Filipino na yan pero grammatically incorrect pa din hays"
" On second thought, mas magastos mga filipino restaurant kesa sa ramen, nevermind HAHA"
"        Binatang filipino HAHAHHAHAHAH"
" akala ko talaga pure aussie sya since yung mga kasama nyang teenternational walang filipino blood."
"Here a look back at last week best bite // Ch g porridge at plates_com_tam // Rice porridge is a frequent fi "
"It feels weird calling your own Filipino friends as kuya/ate/ading and vice versa  "
"Ano kaya uunahin reviewhin? ?"
"FILIPINO MOOTS WHERE DO Y'ALL LIVE? AND REPLY WITH YOUR FAVE CHARACTERS AND I'LL DRAW 'EM  "
"BINATANG FILIPINO YEAH! "
" filipino boys... deserve the electric chair"
"If this ain my Filipino mother... "
"I been wanting some Filipino food ! Anyone wanna go get some Filipino food with me ?"
" : Panelo earlier said the government would certainly protest China's actions but the burden of proof would have to be on th"
" : We are recognizing and celebrating our Filipino &amp; Asian Cultures tomorrow during lunch! Join us in the Quad for Tiniklin"
"I'm at Mesa Filipino Moderne in Bacoor, Cavite "
" : So Naugh-Tea Choco Blast 1 Liter.  #pinoy #asian #filipino #philippines #gay #follow #love #instagood #igers #photo"
"  jus fw da wrong filipino boys "
" Idk I just feel like glasses are better"
" : on the phone w my (Filipino) godmother and some things she said: - your tears are expensive honey - you are entitled to you"
""
"Hi  I liked your story about Vick's on the , but honestly, how can you not mention Filipino's t "
"  14 year old filipino teenagers: "
"i realize na pahirap nang pahirap yung magiging test namin niyan..., then AP, then Science, then eNGLISH, THEN "
" : Noli Me Tangere  The Musical #worldpremiere is a universal story which is also a key part of #Filipino heritage, throu"
"So Naugh-Tea Choco Blast 1 Liter.  #pinoy #asian #filipino #philippines #gay #follow #love #instagood #igers "
"To all Filipino professionals working abroad, please help our country"
" :  The term Asian is so distorted; it includes South Asian-Indians, East Asian and Filipino  and other whom has a diver"
"speaking in filipino is way more difficult than speaking in english. opinion lg"
"If you could do one thing with one person in one place what would it be, who would it be, and where would it be?  "
"         "
"Message to all Filipino artists amd their fans. For future reference.#DyisIsItManila Sasamahan Kita by Loisa Anda "
"please please #SaveSingularTourManila Filipino carpenters deserve to see this tour :(( "
"namkook au where jungkook does that filipino thing where he starts his ententes in english and ends them in filipin "
"Ayoko ng filipino films, ang baduy "
"What would you do if you couldn't use the internet or watch TV for a month?  Pede pa tagalog kasi ako ay isang ham "
"ahh this makes me wish we had more filipino fantasy stories in popular media bc even im not familiar with all of th "
" edi filipino version!!!! gRRR"
" Well James Reid was half filipino half Aussie... like Anne Curtis"
"yall made the filipino boys come out of hiding"
" I would get them but like I said, my dumbass gonna forget I'm wearing them and leave it in there"
" wtf we been mutuals for so long nd i didn know ur filipino...."
"DC Filipino / #LongDistanceRadio fam, here's an event you might not want to miss: "
"This is at least the second high-profile and extraordinarily violent (alleged) murder of a Filipino woman by a form "
""
"if you are a filo, why bot support z-boys and z-girls 'cause they have a filipino groupmates, each group. and they "
"No matter what they say won't drag you down. They might bully,mock or laugh at you, u're still one of the best Fili "
"FILIPINO OOMFS !!! IM MEETING ANNE CUIS TONIGHT OH Y  Y YY  MY GOD"
" "
"Number of Indian workers in Kuwait over 8,89,000 #economictimes #Indian #Workers #Kuwait #Filipino #Bangladeshi "
"  Si supiera Trump que un  pollero puede pasar a una persona sentada junto a  en un autom "
" Ayaw mo filipino HAHA"
"WATCH: Filipino singer advances to next round of 'The Voice US' "
" Indeed, and who can blame them? A year ago I spoke to a Filipino woman who was trying to bring her teena "
"No reported harassment of Filipino fishermen in Bajo de Masinloc -NoLCom "
"i would hate to see all of my filipino mutuals not being able to go see the singular tour!! please spread the word "
" it only means that a lot of filipino, indo and msians knows how to speak and interact in english thoug "
"filipino dudes really the worst exterminate us please"
"Filipino time makes me feel sick"
"We all knew when Fumiya said  I need to experience Filipino culture  just to eat the Lechon.... Aggh. He was trul "
"The Filipino community in Hong Kong never cease to amaze me"
" : FILIPINO WOMEN IN FILM!!!! This Saturday at 12PM! Presented by ! "
"/Filipino constituency "
"filipino at rizaaaaaaal hahahhahahaha"
"skksskskksjs whenever i say it in school, i got used in saying,  i use  filipino language to answer"
" LOLOL we love filipino expressions"
"why are filipino parents so against their daughters having boyfriends like I'm sorry mom I can't control who I like"
"  oh gross he has been chasing some poor filipino women, who was paying?... the poor woman. "
"Filipino memes nowadays are created to discriminate others, they aint funny anymore"
"and an old filipino man at guitar center was hyping me up the entire time to pursue music, Lolo made me feel like I was THE SHIT sigh"
"ok I convinced almost all filipino dads are actually just big irritable babies"
"Looking for my Dalagang Filipino  "
"not to be that stan but I think it better if we call it Filipino rather than Tagalog,,, yeah idk we can use both "
"There's the NCAA, euroleague, NBA. And then there's Filipino Titos basketball..."
"Orang indo(n) sama malay juga suka gitu sih tapi kalo filipino ini mereka lebih random nyampur-nyampurnya T__T"
"The search in on for Miss Philippines USA#Philippines #USA #MissPhilUSA #FilAm #Filipino #Filipina #Pinay #America "
"Don't stop when you're tired, stop when you're done. Mae J. Timosa of Arts in Filipino Lang "
". is now on my Filipino Mount Rushmore along with   and  "
" We the Filipino delegation would like to disown her"
"They some hella cute FILIPINO gay GUYS?!?!? Can y tag them all to me "
"Omg.. loving the fact that  added a bunch of Filipino movies  i have some catching up to do lol"
" : Filipino innovator Illac Ancellotti Diaz of A Liter of Light (Isang Litrong Liwanag) shared to Good News Pilipinas the"
"Not have a pure Filipino blood but he has a pure Filipino Heart's Rooting for Fumiya to be part of the Big 4? "
"Bohemian Rhapsody Live by Arnel Pineda WOW!  "
"vws. toxic filipino culture "
" are no good Filipino films "
"Only B this quarter was freaking Filipino "
"my fave thing about filipino culture is every person eating a meal will say kaon ta! to you when they see you - a "
" Im reacting based sa dilemma mo regarding Yamyam or Fumiya. It appears that you cant decide and you mad "
"Performance tribute to the first pure blooded Filipino NBA PLAYER KAI SOTTO   -to-Go Pilipi "
"Bro these filipino movies be gettin me in my feels. #softaf"
"thank god for the filipino store i visited; now i can have bagoong and rice to my lazy heart's content."
"Di porke ga English makipag away, ga yabang na Ng English speaking skills. Di kasi ganun kalutong Yung words sa Fil "
" : MAGMEMORIZE NG I AM A FILIPINO BY: CARLOS P ROMULO habang nag-titwitter;"
"To do list: Fili (isulat mga kabanata tas buod ng buong el fili. At may design pa dapat) Paper sa en "
" : Me: *naka 98 sa Filipino**nakakita ng pare*: UY MAY PRAYLE!"
" : ULAN is showing at International Village in Vancouver.  kindly confirm the Surrey location. Last I checked ano"
"dah filipino time pa"
"At Club Filipino for People's Choice Movement Press Conference. Maraming salamat po sa lay leaders from different f "
"Q: How do they answer the phone at Filipino ice factories?: Yelo? "
"Translating English to Filipino is so hard! This is the worst project that I've done in my life!"
"I swear filipino parents/elderly be making the craziest explainations for everything. : I have a headache : "
"ang sayaa nung filipino time kaninaa ehezz"
" IM SAYING!! Howd we go from talking about digong to critiquing filipino films wihskajs"
"A Filipino woman who sheltered #Snowden arrived safely in Canada after she was granted asylum, but she's still worr "
"As JICA consultant, super proud to see infra projects like tunnles and subway approved that certainly will benefit "
"Valedictorian  Honor Student in Science in Filipino in English. . . . . . . . . "
"Sen Sonny Angara urges the government to strengthen support services for Filipino organic farmers. #AlagangAngara "
"         "
" What about Filipino?"
" He basically is tho lol filipino &amp; puerto rican?? Obviously the african descent hit him hard"
"PAGBABAGO. Perhaps we can reclaim the true/better meaning of change by saying it in Filipino. "
" : Me: Hey mom say asparagus Filipino mom: "
"We are recognizing and celebrating our Filipino &amp; Asian Cultures tomorrow during lunch! Join us in the Quad for T "
"Nganong lami man tanan flavor sa SUPER BAWANG di pa jud maka sawa. Fave Filipino snack!"
"I checked in at Nong La Cafe on #Yelp "
"also, filipino diri sa australia LOL??? "
" : my mom when she was pregnant with me:|              ||              ||               |                 |"
"Noli Me Tangere  The Musical #worldpremiere is a universal story which is also a key part of #Filipino heritage, t "
"Toxic Filipino culture: Comparing your kid graduating honors to your friend kid honors.  tried my best, mo "
" a bit late but thats because of Filipino Time XD  (first time editor ) "
"omg everyone keeps thinking i filipino i gonnavervesmfmfnfm"
"i decided to put on a filipino movie for background noise as i read but the opening scene of four sisters and a wed "
"Naiwan clearance ko!! Di tuloy na pirmahan filipino putek"
"Tataposin ko na exam ko sa filipino para module nalang problema ko"
" "
"wtf i just found out a mutual of mine is aLSO fILIPINO I didn know pota im sorry and hello kababayan "
"Toyo Eatery highlights what are perhaps the most humble pieces of our local cuisine "
" it is really unfortunate that you are dumping only silly &amp; stupid korean, Thai, Filipino and Middle E "
"Sinong merong seatwork 4 sa filipino??? Pakopya hehehe "
"Let's all trend #SaveSingularTourManila and tag  for her to notice. Let's help our Filipino Carpente "
"I fking hate filipino food sometimes. One minute u think ur eating chicken then the next thing u know ur eating liver "
"GLORY TO YOU ST EZEKIEL MORENO              /    _/||   _/   IDEAL OF ALL THE FAITHFUL RECOLETOS "
" :  You. Are filipino my bruv"
"He vowed to serve the Filipino people the same way he served President Duterte, through hard work, integrity, and h "
"On this episode of #CookingwithJMi (happens like once a year), made #Filipino-style breakfast for dinner: "
" oh you mean the THREE filipino boys that broke my heart?"
"Let's help our Filipino Carpenters to save Singular Tour in Manila #SaveSingularTourManila"
"Andami pa ding filipino chismoso't chismosa. Ultimo live pinapatos taena. Nakakahiya!"
" I apologize for anything a filipino boy has done to u but pls dont pin it on all of us just because one "
"gsto ko pa tatt ng filipino word.  naa nasad ko!!!"
" the last time I dated a Filipino guy he fucked me over so badly  bruuhh"
"Filipino girls who don know to speak Tagalog sound cute asf when they try "
"Proud Filipino here "
" Nah, my dumbass gonna forget I have them on and leave it in there"
" We Stan filipino artist yazzzz "
"sorry eunbi......... i really do love you though thank you for making this 5 filipino girl days better with yo "
"Therese Malvar is the youngest Filipino actor, at the age of 15 for HAMOG, to win an acting award from an A-list fe "
"Focus more on your business. We are a Japan-based accounting firm made up of a CPA from Japan, and Filipino account "
"I Filipino &amp; Mexican... WHY do I burn this easily"
"Pretty much every time I take my Mexican friends out for a Filipino dinner at home. #RGV #McAllen #SouthPadreIsland "
"3.4 sa filipino hahahaha not baad . Abi kog bagsak ko kay ako pinaka hate sa ako prof"
"update: i ordered a fat filipino and pizza fries "
"So tonight Rose used our Cebu Chorizo in a Filipino Spaghetti! So good to come home to!  "
"Why not UP?  I didn take UPCAT :( I not really sure abt their policy with foreign students (+ i wouldve flunke "
"    Well yes! Tbh the some words of us (filipino) was from Spanish since "
" Contacts "
"President Rodrigo Duterte may raise China's alleged harassment of Filipino fishermen in Scarborough Shoal when he v "
"True true for the filipino fans they understand but i will translate to the american people what he saidMe: im g "
"If you were asked to teach a class, what class would you teach?  English,Filipino,Math HAHAHAHA "
"Filipino hospitality gone wrong ughh pinapasingit nila yung mga Caucasians ughhh hello ano na"
"Parang ayaw ko ng gumising kanina habang tulog ako ng filipino time ah AHAHA ganda panaginip eh:)"
"Take A Look At This Filipino-Themed Role-Playing Video Game "
"filipino king "
"RIP Rizal &amp; Filipino "
" Wala eh this is how we communicate lalo't Ingles at Filipino ang wika natin dineh"
"WATCH: Filipino singer advances to next round of 'The Voice US' "
"Conheci um alem, um uruguaio, um filipino, um brit, uma americana e um BR (sempre n)"
"Filipino tsaka esp nlng kulang ko para chillax na"
"You don't KNOW what fuckin PAIN and love is until you've seen a filipino romance movie."
"Me: hapit na ang bday ni Bella ba!: bantog ra gihilantan to! DIAGNOSIS BE LIKE"
"Also open to non-members nga naay kaliwat Bol-anon. 09975887373 for inquiries  thanks to Boss Anth "
"SHE SAID 'BTS AND ARMY'S CANT REACH THEY'RE DREAM CAUSE WE ARE ST**ID' SHE IS FILIPINO AND SHE REALLY HATE BTS ARMY "
"Okay so Andi is the prince of a kingdom called Gatimah. The vast majority of people in Gatimah are from England, It "
"#PILIpiNOT#MyMar2019Post sa kanila ang nanloloko at naloloko? sa Mayo, huwag magpaloko sa kandidato "
"Dumagdag pa kasi tong filipino, paandar din eh noh."
"Why am I tweeting Filipino food...  #AceLalisaDay #GlobalPhenomenoban"
"  But im not filipino lmaoo"
"so ayon nawawala lahat ng paperworks q sa filipino hanuEna sinOng di mapipirmahAn yung clearAnce grr"
"so many cheesy filipino movies on netflix to watch lmao"
"Like, I know I cant speak as an authority on it because I'm white!! But my grandma is Filipino, and even tho we are "
"Or in a Filipino setting: Terorista, Destabilizer, DILAWAN - said a DDS: Dumb Duterte Supporter. "
"  From the Filipino film Brides of Blood (1968)  "
"Toxic filipino culture?  Toxic filipino culture? Nagka-boyfriend ka lang, sasabihin na nilang maaga kang mabubunti "
"Quick Filipino-Style Rib-Eye Steaks (Bistek Tagalog) "
" in english:  filipino: HOY PUTANGINA TALAGA either way, i still sound like a guy whatever language im speaking lolol"
"Pope Francis has named two new Filipino bishops, who are both from Bohol-- Fr. Cosme Almedilla, as new bishop of Bu "
"I have the sweetest parents ever! I sicc as hell I been on my bed the whole day &amp; my mom came from work n went st "
" : We're proud to be a sponsor of #NoliMeTangere Opera at  &amp; donate tickets to local students so they could exp"
" : Via  dance work probes SF 20th century Filipino immigrant life "
"But what I've been through with this fam is extraordinary. We aimed high in terms of academics and extracurricular "
" Sounds like Bill from king of the hill. First episode in hes ostracized for continuously bringing "
" Sinong matino na Filipino wud want to beling to Hugpong Ewan. You will all be identified as NOT HONEST."
"Congrats  ... Gawad Filipino Awards a Natatanging FILIPINA  sa larangan ng pag-arte sa telebisyon Danga "
"Pagkauwi ko I pranked my mother.Ma wala akong awards.: *sad face* Anubayan. Ok lang yan nak. guilt "
"Thanks  for adding my Filipino movies  I want more #JoshLia and please add #JaDine movies in there too"
"Ama ni Florante - Duke Bresio  ni Laura - Haring Lensio - Paraseo: 75"
" : There's a jump cut because I messed up walumpu't-pitong piraso (English: 87 pieces) on the first take. And the sec"
" : Footage of me during an ADR session for #TheLoudHouse Season 2 Filipino dub along with the actual episode! This was fr"
"   Widower is balo or byuda in Filipino"
"looking for your Filipino mom in a casino is like fcuking where waldo, there are SO many of them and they ALL LOOK THE SAME"
"Why do some Filipino parents spoiled their kids smh"
" : Toxic Filipino culture is when people label someone as   they disagreed to taking a relationship to the nex"
" : Gona watch  Girl in the Orange Dress. Just cause Jessy Mendiola is still my number one filipino celebrity!"
"You act like you Filipino or something "
" : this filipino blueboy is going to and is able to make art in america as well*!who would known x "
" Metro Manila and Banal ignited my interest in Filipino Indie films. After delving in this world, you'l "
" : Why do we even have a Chinese national as economic adviser when we have so many great Filipino economists? Oops, we forg"
" - a yoongi biased and a filipino army uwu. love your soft layout, i feel loved just by visiting your acc lol. and "
" : Toxic Filipino culture is telling us to laugh and underestimate liberal arts college programs since they are not directly r"
" I sneak it like the filipino I am"
"omg i an honor student!! best in filipino, science and mapeh . also a conduct awardee and i got half scholars "
"Military disputes reported harassment of Filipino fishers in Scarborough | "
" Salamat means thank you in filipino. Thank you for your hardwork "
"Respect bitch,inaaway mo yung katoxican ng mga filipino pero yung respect sa attitude ng isang tao di mo magawa mas toxic kapa ata"
" : filipino moms can really go from  INA KANG BATA KA!!  NAPAKATANGA MO  to  ka na anak??  within 0.1"
"  Haha sorry I'm a Filipino and growing up as a Filipino I learned English and Tagalog, eve "
"Binatang Filipino "
"I'm going to see Noli Me Tangere at Riverside Theatres with the awesome Ballina Gee singing this legendary "
" Kayo ang . Stop fooling the Filipino people."
" Which chicken place? There are so many. Was it Korean? Southern? Filipino? Was it where we recorded o "
" : For every Filipino, we are consuming 90kg of steel per year. By 2030, it is targeted to be at 200kg. This is the same year th"
" The term Asian is so distorted; it includes South Asian-Indians, East Asian and Filipino  and other whom h "
"Youtube content: Filipino tries to sing Korean songs Pwede ba? Pasagot"
"wth is going on on my tl about Filipino boys being shit? I so confusedddd lmaooojustdontmesswiththewannabeabbs"
"FILIPINO 2 AND PROBABILITY EDUCATION 2"
" : I really love that  May, ako po si Park Jihoon he so fluent AAAAAAA "
"If anybody should get an apology from Spain in the country it should be the Chinese who were massacred here a few t "
" : I sound harsh and angry when I start speaking Filipino and turn all squeaky when I switch to English  "
"filipino teenagers are so thirsty for noah centineo i just wanna ask why"
"Told my mom I got a tattoo and she went Filipino on me... great :)))"
" :  Demi: man: I love you nigger "
" the funniest shit when ure a filipino or who can speak tagalog fluently LOL"
" the most filipino thing i have ever seen today XD"
"These are rare Filipino parents my parents could neverrrrrr "
" : Post screening Q&amp;A with Direk  of #KuyaWes this coming Thursday (March 28) after the film's 06:30PM screening at the"
"cant believe im more filipino than  &amp; . told them about  and they disappointed me. hay..."
"my semi-homophobic mom dares to watch a gay Filipino movie in front of my gay ass the AUDACITY"
"Yey. Thank you Lord tapos nadin ang depends namin sa Filipino.Goodluck naman sa Pr1 thesis  naten bukas!"
"  There is a way to write to differentiate the meaning but even me or most of Filipino have a hard "
" Demi: man: I love you nigger "
" : JUST IN: Toyo Eatery () is the only Filipino restaurant on the list of 50 Best in Asia "
"Sisig is quickly turning into my favorite Filipino dish"
"bobo ko sa filipino grrr"
"Have you heard about mnl48 the first filipino idol girl group in the philippines ? I hopr you will check them out "
"i wish i had more filipino friends that like listening to filipino songs cuz i been finding so many good filipin "
"  it were an ordinary Filipino lot on the list..they would've been all ELIMINATED and TOKHANGED ALREADY!!!!!"
"if u watch the filipino movies on Netflix dm me now i just wanna tALK ABOUT IT"
" *cries in Filipino*"
" inuna ko yung filipino kase pinoy ako."
" filipino: putangina mo:  i'm still confused on why these bitches don't take me se "
"Ang saya hahahaha. Topic suggestion! Filipino teleseryes naman. Haha.  #TheLinyaLinyaShow://t.co/B6no5IrwKf"
"  Dats d one true thing about PHL.  I am Filipino and my President is Stupid as Fuck and Uglier than Sin"
"People's Choice Movement has endorsed all Otso Diretso candidates, Makabayan bet Neri Colmenares, &amp; reelectionist &amp; "
"The Northern Luzon Command on Wednesday clarified there are no reports of harassment by the Chinese personnel again "
"Filipino InSomnia were treated to amazing performances and fun ment segments from Dreamcatcher's Invitation to Nig "
"This is Jollibee Dressing as our national Filipino costume's why Jollibee is our mascot in the Filipino fast f "
" : Similarly, Amy Chua's World on Fire was partly inspired by how her (market minority Chinese) aunt was murdered by her ("
" : Sa totoo lang ang toxic ng Filipino family, makakarinig ka sa kanila ng ?  ka pa rin ggraduate?  lang kasi"
"  There are number of words in Filipino who have same spelling that will have different meaning ba "
"    Is he? Huh. Maybe it because I from Hawaii but I never perc "
" he filipino"
" : dalagang filipino yeah "
" : filipino men act real bold for someone under 5"
"Fell into a youtube hole of watching filipino singers. man, I had to put my phone down after this one. "
"Santiago was elected ICC judge in 2011, something the Philippine government campaigned hard for, devoting resources "
"How To Cook Beef Caldereta Filipino Philippines Cuisine "
"Ano? Kasi wala na siyang ibang masabi? I just hope na majority of the Filipino voters would not be blinded by the c "
"I totally agree with this. When I was in another country for a long time, I couldn't stop watching filipino movies "
"Yoooo.. my parents got detained for nearly an hour because my dad snuck in hopia (Filipino pastry) into his carry-on.. "
" : The wrath of a filipino dad 's 's accent?? New Send Foodz! ://t.co/Zj6zvszsNo "
"my fob boyfriend watching filipino movies on Netflix without me. Lol "
" : asking for death penalty because of the recent rape cases but now asking for vids/pics of that recent scandal, y'all inva"
"Congratulations to the Filipino singer Jej Vinson who has advanced to the next round of  Voice in the "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"ang lala ng pagka-Filipino time ha 'di nakakatuwa"
"Kanang wala pa ka naka start ug trabaho pero gi question dayun imong capability. Fvck filipino parents"
"I jumped inside of a moving jeepney. The Filipino in me just came out. Nobody is ever allowed to question if I really Filipino ever again."
" : With honor, Proficient in Research, and Proficient in Filipino. much blessings yaaaay"
" : if you filipino, i probably already have a crush on you"
" : Apr 1942, U.S. surrenders the Bataan Peninsula to the  during WW2. Approx 75,000 Filipino &amp; Am troops were forced to"
"Matandang Filipino yeah "
"whats your ethnicity?  german filipino ^^ "
" Pero if wala juy shs, kung unsay gitudlo sa highschool mao raman pd unta ang manggawas sa college. Pareha "
" : What with all these tweets about Filipino boys wtf did we ever do to y"
" and im super white and that side of the family is filipino so they were saying things in filipino and i was like ehh..."
"DOTr Sec. Tugade: We are doing not for the President, not for us, but we are doing this for the people of Pampanga. "
" Share your status with us! to submit your entries?: Sign up on our website: "
"This is for YOU, this is for US, the Filipino voters Senatorial Debate on April 27 "
" : Hellooooo patulong naman po kami we still need mooooore respondents !!!! us by rting or sharing it to those you know wh"
"Senator Miriam Defensor-Santiago was the first Filipino and first Asian from a developing country to sit as Judge o "
"Hellooooo patulong naman po kami we still need mooooore respondents !!!! us by rting or sharing it to those yo "
"Typical filipino mindset; tahimik, guilty nagexplain, defensive"
"  hello filipino ako pero di ako magaling magtagalog akdhjdgd i live in the us pls help me learn more"
"I failed as a son. failed as a grandson. failed as a classmate. failed as a student. failed as a friend.  "
" Never understood that stereotype that Filipinos themselves created. Parents always say flat or pango nos "
"#DomainNameForSale . . . Funny Filipina . . . Listed on "
"Ugly Filipino culture??  Sirang daan ayaw gawin. Buong daan, sinisira. Jk yaw q mabash haha "
" I am a Filipino, and this is my inheritance. What pledge shall I give that I may prove worthy of my inhe "
" : filipino kid culture is playing with the crabs at seafood city"
"Trenee Lopez, Filipino Global Diaspora group, calls for teleserye content that is more empowering, esp. portraying "
" HAHAHAHAHAHAHAH dont tawa at me ate peace i'm so malakas kaya mag filipino HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHA"
"theres this hip new modern filipino food place in my neighborhood but its literally so expensive wtf"
"Lt. Gen. Emmanuel Salamat, commander of  AFP's Northern Luzon Command (Nolcom), disputed the claims of local fisher "
" mo kalig rako shagit ug NAKAKAPAGPABAGABAG to show people na expert ko sa filipino language HAHBAJA "
" I'm very sorry if you feel this way, on behalf of filipino twitter stans,nag papasenya po ako, medyo t "
" HAHAHA i am, kala ko kasi di ka filipino HAHAHA"
"omg literally nobody cares but im translating an essay for filipino class and its like ,,,, really hard lmaohdkfhd "
"  only one i can think of is Big Dave and hes half (filipino)"
"what a toxic filipino mindset. :| "
"I like your Filipino accent pls say it again (submerged) HAHAHAHA"
"Lt. Gen. Emmanuel Salamat, commander of  AFP's Northern Luzon Command (Nolcom), disputed the claims of local fisher "
"my name is marie, but sometimes my mom call me maria bc maybe it is an equivalent filipino term of marie lmao so you choose..."
" : Residents at Claremont in Ayr enjoyed an amazing performance from a Filipino dance group, the ladies dressed in traditional out"
" I hope so po. Haha ngayon ko lng po narealize na Filipino din po pala kayo. If I'm not mistaken po. "
"As soon as I stepped out of the airport in New York my body froze. I guess my body is still used to the filipino heat."
"#Vancouver Filipino Community Leaders convene for  : consultation to determine needs &amp; conc "
" that sounds pretty filipino lmao"
"Soooo.... I been starving &amp; craved Popeyes .. told skhy to ask my mom what she cooking &amp; girl... she was cooking "
"KALACHUCHI FEVER kalachuchi, like the Filipino, is transnational. Once indigenous to Mexico and the Carribean, "
"all Filipino men do is perm their hair and say the n-word"
"papasa na sa filipino"
" sa filipino lang kasi, miss mo nanaman ako "
" : A Filipino was among those hurt in a shooting incident in California that also resulted in the death of one person, a report o"
"The other day, Em told me she was gonna make me Filipino food and I swear to god I was about to propose right then and there"
"  Indeed, call me cynical, but does anyone think that the point of this was anything other "
"To everybody that talked shit bc I always said I wanted Filipino babies, look who laughing now, my daughter is be "
" Filipino lagi"
"  FILIPINO WALA AHHAAHAHHA"
"To everybody that talked shit bc I always said I wanted Filipino babies . Look who laughing now, my daughter is beyond gorgeous "
"Successfully infultrated Subtle Filipino Traits on Facebook ;) oh racial ambiguity we did it again."
"Filipino joke of the day : hotdog "
"filipino movies rly hit different mannn "
" : The Del Rosario-Morales case plants the flag of principle for Philippine sovereignty and dignity  and, in the current cli"
" i hope they do soon :( there are lots of filipino arohas!!"
"#SupportLocal: Here are Filipino footwear brands to add to your rotation.#NowYouKnow#NYK "
"SEAFOOD SINIGANG by #PinoyRecipeAtIbaPa://t.co/9mpVuTLgfc.#FilipinoRecipes #PinoyRecipes "
"Preparador f de Maidana, dice que el quiere a el filipino Pacquiao!:  "
"#Apostrophe Jose Rizal regret that he sacrificed his life for the freedom of the nation and seeing the Filipin "
" -born Filipino cosplayer reporting for duty! Been attending cons since 2005 and making my co "
"Siyam sila na assigned sa labor ward? Mga anak nila magkakabarkada pag labas.  ^_^ "
"I just looked over my resume AFTER I just submitted my application &amp; my Filipino ass really put  Photoshop on there........"
" This Yang guy basically took away a position from a Filipino citizen. Why did this administration "
"Quiz mode mamaya sa filipino boomm"
" Same. And what are his credentials to be given such a position instead of a Filipino citizen. Are "
"Kai Sotto, el fen filipino que quieren Real Madrid y Bar, pero sue con la NBA: Son el Real Madrid, el FC B "
"dalagang filipino yeah "
" : Gonna make custom Future Reflection shirts that say Hinaharap Reflection for my Filipino friends   "
"I half Filipino, not half . My dad didn marry a Bible bro"
" dili sa filipino nko"
" : bruh filipino parents really don know the mental / emotional burden they put their kids through when they act so selfishly for"
" : Eh? Binatang Filipino naman ang bet mo Hahahahahahaha "
"Filipino. And nothing else.  "
"Seeing  exhibit tomorrow called In the Spaces We Mend. Her exhibit about Filipino Comfort Women will be "
" :  Parang naging utang na loob pa ng mga Filipino that he only getting piso a year for his . He"
"sinuman na tumugon sa tweet na ito sa filipino mahal ko kayo "
"filipino private school kids stay loving the n-word and saying it with their whole ass chest "
" Parang naging utang na loob pa ng mga Filipino that he only getting piso a year for his  "
"what is Filipino Values?"
"    Hahahahaa kan.. Tapi kalau yg Filipino mmg selalu mcm tu, tweet dah best sekali hujung guna ba "
"You are just steering the public eyes away from the real issue, which is the hypocrisy that there is from that twee "
"idc if u dont want to listen to filipino music listen to mundo by iv of spades"
" Paolo Montalban is Filipino. Filipinos are Asians and Hispanic."
"no one: twt: fuck filipino boys you whores!!"
"Anita Magsaysay-Ho (Filipino, 1914-2012)  Vendors, 1945 "
"   kuya task is task. Personal is personal. Pinaghalo nila eh. Sino bang dugo di kukulo nyan "
"Listen to Filipino History on  "
"ugh no??? bakit mo pipigilan yung  gay men na maging bi dahil lang sa feminine sila? news flash franz, bi "
" ima bring you some of this filipino good good and you see  "
"this convo of ours is legit, i really asked him if he'll buy with me when they debuted and he really said that, his "
"I really love that  May, ako po si Park Jihoon he so fluent AAAAAAA "
" Paolo Montalban and Brandy  #DiversityandInclusion #African #Filipino"
"    baka hindi nabasa mabuti. or hindi pa nabasa. or bak "
"Watching all these Filipino movies kinda making me want a bae!!!!!!! LMAOOOOOOO"
" Naku tell me about it! haha! That one toxic filipino culture I hate! looool  Basta life too short "
"What would you do if you couldn't use the internet or watch TV for a month?  play filipino outdoor games :-((( mis "
"you know what i hate the most? dumbos pointing out grammar mistakes/english spellings every single fucking second. "
" my Filipino friends. What that one bbq marinade w sprite and pineapple juice?"
"Toxic Filipino culture "
"I been crying to Filipino movies in the last couple of days."
""
" filipino kasi tayo. baka martian yan si anon"
"Two words: Filipino mother. "
"With honor, Proficient in Research, and Proficient in Filipino. much blessings yaaaay"
"We got invited to a Filipino party and I have to say I excited about it "
"Filmshowing on Filipino music in the "
"I love Filipino Hip Hop"
"Biboy Deanon Maribel Gepiala-Deanon Divine Grace Gale Ca "
"Hero academia filipino dub NOOOOOO"
"100 sa filipino  sa english    EXAMMM"
"Please Team Pinas support Bea Alonso and Madam Charo movie EERIE  Now Showing over 210 cinema  .L "
"Why do we even have a Chinese national as economic adviser when we have so many great Filipino economists? Oops, we "
" PCM says they chose candidates who believe in God, oppose Charter Change and federalism, would fight "
" are you Filipino "
"bruh filipino parents really don know the mental / emotional burden they put their kids through when they act so "
""
"my mom keeps telling me all of her problems bc she has no one to tell them to/no one gets Filipino family dynamics "
"kala ko dati bobo ko sa filipino, ngayon sure ko na talaga"
"Man in airport smells like actual arsehole, talking about Filipino girls. I am so so sorry they do this to you."
"FILIPINO TIME HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHA"
" : A two-week festival of Filipino cuisine called Kulinary Confidential (April 1-14) comes to San Francisco with pop-ups, food crawl"
"I never thought I be this stressed watching Filipino movies... shit be giving me high blood pressure bro "
"A Filipino was among those hurt in a shooting incident in California that also resulted in the death of one person, "
"Why do they need their own center, utter crap. migrant workers in Alberta  desperate need of a communi "
"Neri Colmenares' thanks the People's Choice Movement for their trust and support at their ongoing presscon at Club "
"May Filipino  cameo!! Oscar!! #TheBlacklist"
"PCM says they chose candidates who believe in God, oppose Charter Change and federalism, would fight for the Filipi "
"Can y stop tweeting about Filipino boys already... shits annoying now, I think we get it  And frankly I don think anyone cares LOL"
" has named two new #Filipino bishops, who are both from Bohol. "
"Really wish I learned Tagalog. In this Filipino league and my team has a group chat and I have no idea what is being said lol"
"Wtf. The runs and harmonies tho. Plus a Filipino! KTB. "
"Blue will be back alongside Filipino-American theater actor Joshua Dela Cruz. #EntertainmentNews  "
"Dalaga at binatang Filipina at Filipino     "
" : Duterte is an autocrat with a penchant for violence and a disregard for human rights. My sister is among the very few who hav"
"     The situation and needs of the Hmong or Filipino Am in M "
" My filipino family always wants me to try their food and when i eat they immediately call me fat."
"Me Before You dubbed in Filipino by GMA is idk "
" :  naturally sees my sister champion of human rights and rule of law a threat to the power that he wants to co"
" : Duterte is an autocrat with a penchant for violence and a disregard for human rights. My sister is among the very few wh"
"Qu es esto de que Netflix agreg un mont de pel en filipino??! Yo buscando una buena pel rom y "
"Advocacy group says it's 'still worried about the fate of those who remain behind.' "
"Thank you Laurel for hanging out and the impromptu birthday dinner. Got our Filipino food fix with pinakbet and l "
" Sorry. Not my fault if ur just too stupid that u cant converse well in english and filipino"
"Fck those Filipino na uhaw sa fame "
"  Panahon pa ni Antonio Luna, ganyan na yan. Panahon pa ni Lapu Lapu ganyan na yan. Kaya n "
"Naalala ko sinagot ko sa essay sa filipino nung grade 7 ako..Mahalin natin ang magulanq natin dahil di sa lahat "
"Filipino nalaaaang"
" Maravilhosa Jane do Tarzan filipino"
" DI KO KASI ALAM PAANO ISASALIN SA FILIPINO HAHAHAHAHAHA"
" as filipino guys that arent a part of that majority we gotta let our presence be known so not every "
"I sick and tired of this shit honestly.."
"me: :)  girls on my tl: FILIPINO. BOYS. ARE. HEA. BREAKERS. : :|"
"Filipino food was just designed to kill us slowly huh"
" : 10 midgets dressed as a horse spank a filipino german hooker with a tire iron on the forehead"
" hiiii i like u kasi u look humble,passionate abt filipino, smart and pretty gluck sa gr 8 gbua:))"
" : Do yall have this classmate who always finds a way just to know what your score is? So he/she can compare, tsk sO mUcH tOxi"
" : Filipino patients are unique in that family members even to the 2nd/3rd degree are consulted for medical decisions."
" - a yoongi biased right? we barely talk to each other but i hope we can change that. a filipino moot of mine, als "
"Urgently Required Security Guard Light Driver And Filipino Cleaners in "
"  soon we conquer the world....and we rename the earth into PLANET FILIPINO...he he he"
"  This is my favourite comfort food! As a Filipino, I'm glad that taho is a common delicacy."
"OH SOD IT WTF I JUST HAD ANOTHER PAUSE. I WAS GONNA TWT STHING AND I TOTALLY FORGOT THE TERM I WAS GONNA SAY IN FIL "
" : ()16 &amp; English Hotline for PWH tomorrow(Thursday) 4pm. #charmjapan htt"
"()16 &amp; English Hotline for PWH tomorrow(Thursday) 4pm. "
"who the FUCK let me start talking to another filipino boy i do not LEARN"
"I swear I constantly in the mood for either lumpia (filipino egg rolls), chicken inasal, elote en vaso, and/or street tacos "
"Toxic filipino trait: ka sa gc tas isiseen ka lang mga kulang sa aruga "
"Does your friend dislike our Filipino friends that much? "
"I'm a proud fellow Filipino omg congrats La Salle  "
"What would you do if you couldn't use the internet or watch TV for a month?  play filipino games "
"  What price can you put on love, ? It seems Georgy can stay away from his Fil "
" :  talks about how they made the #LBCTheFirstChanceinManila2019  possible.   "
"FILIPINO MALLS ARE INSANE! Mall of Asia / Last Day in Manila, Philippines  Manila "
"For every Filipino, we are consuming 90kg of steel per year. By 2030, it is targeted to be at 200kg. This is the sa "
" : On this day in 1964, award-winning Filipino journalist Jessica Soho was born in San Fernando, La Union. She started as"
"Filipino Nurses &gt;&gt;&gt;"
" your major? so you Filipino huh? "
"  i think w/ us filipinos, it a bit weird to talk in straight filipino. It ALMOST always taglish.. "
" : #OPMHighlights Kyla Brad and Niqui Bloomfields Hilaga Tj Monterde hour of PURE OPM Guestin"
" Well you should know filipino language more. You dont know that we're cursing and you're still saying thank you"
"Bilinguals/multilinguals: Have you ever had a moment when you had to pause in the middle of tweeting to think about "
"Any Filipino Army who bought the LY tour DVD if you're selling the Yoongi Pc please let me know. Parang awa kung ke "
"Seriously, Filipino people are so toxic especially on articles posted by major media outlets on social media. Every "
" :     volunteer to translate for you in a heartbeat, i get stumped 2 as always th"
"Anyone know any good books in tagalog/ filipino preferably fiction and at not too high of a reading level (I learning ahaha) tyyy"
" : what did one filipino statue say to the other? statue?"
"Di ako pabor sa mga pinakita ni lou, pero sa harapan na naganap, it just showed the Filipino toxicity/hypocrisy."
"What Can Filipino Trubists Expect From #MystifiedOnIFLIX: "
" : Thou the highest grossing filipino film of all time. #KathrynDanielPhenomenalStars"
"tf my friend actually put my contact name as  kita since that the only filipino thing she knows "
" : my tl is literally:  boys getting attacked &amp; being thrown  dogs or babies -"
"Shyt my filipino heart "
" : Toxic filipino culture is pag sumagot ka bastos ka."
"If ever, Kai will be the first pure blooded filipino who'll enter the NBA. Hoping for the best Kai! Sana matupad mo "
"i want filipino food NOW"
"i love historical fiction specially for filipino ones "
"I the filipino Dom Toretto."
"Paystaff is proud to be among the select sponsors of the Freedom Summit Philippines 2019. As a premier payment gate "
"You are too conceited to think that my future will depend on whether I will or will not OBEY you. 're even impl "
" : Filipino Guy The Countryballs (For asked  ) "
"First Filipino to perform and create a sold-out concert at the Dubai World Trade Center Arena - the biggest indoor "
" writing an au with the filipino language uwu"
"Filipino mothers unite! Little more than a month after the President  of time signing of the expanded... "
"nakakatamad gumawa sa filipino ahha"
" :  Her coverage of the 1990 Hotel Delfino Siege earned her the New York Film Festival Award for Coverage of a"
" : I just flopped my Filipino TestS (KPWKP and PFPL)  I failed you my mother country I'm sorry"
" : It will happen. "
"  I wonder if there is a study of how many Filipino students were studying Ch*nese pr "
" : Genius solutions for your kitchen problems AND the kitchen sink! Blossom "
" We have Wendy's in the Philippines, but it's adapted to Filipino tastes, which are...not the same as the US."
" Her coverage of the 1990 Hotel Delfino Siege earned her the New York Film Festival Award for Coverage "
"bash ng bash sa filipino youtubers ,, SO AYUN YUNG AMBAG NIYO??? NAKATULONG KAYO NON????"
"No reported harassment of Filipino fishermen in Bajo de Masinloc  AFP-NoLCom "
"On this day in 1964, award-winning Filipino journalist Jessica Soho was born in San Fernando, La Union. She started "
" If our Peniel goes to Philippines, he needs to eat the cultural cuisines, interact with the children a "
" I've come across quite a few of these rabid anti-immigration types who have Filipino wives, amuses the "
"  Filipino talk"
"filipino hustla"
" : Congrats to the National Teachers' Month Coordinating Council for its #10years of meaningful service to Filipino teache"
"no. 8 -- filipino version of GET OUT. "
" :  So I asked some of my friends (Filipino, Turk, Iranian) and they said women don't kiss their husband's"
" : Buy Mika cookies so she has funds to bake us, the Filipino people, more cookies. "
"  Sintiya and Tillay so Filipino "
"hindi ako mahilig sa filipino action tv series kaya sobrang inis ako kay Cardo pero shetebels, yung The Gerenals Da "
" : Yesterday at the Artium, Xiumin's Filipino fans shared goods and they were so cute and pretty! was armed w"
"wait up kailangan pa bang umambag ng social relevance upang maging filipino?not a fan of them but this retweet is j "
"The feels of being a filipino "
"Falling in love with the art of painting #almostthere #femaleheadstudy #hardtopaintcelebrities #trainspainting "
"Nakupo! Hangga't maraming nakatira sa paligid niyan, malabo na 'yang maging malinis. NO discipline, NO cleanliness. "
"Today, Children Hour stands strong as a reliable partner who has helped more than 1.3 million Filipino children a "
"Not to be kj but... ano ba ang basehan sa pagiging Filipino eh iisa lang naman-LI-PI-NO "
" Thumba up except for the Charlotte Win smh"
"Listen and support the songs of our fellow Filipino band   songs are just amazing! Hope you be "
"Back in 2005, I was convinced that I could grow out my hair and make it look just like Anakin's hair in Revenge of "
"filipino-canadian armys follow me!! hehe "
"Gi aty jd ning filipino grbe maka major ug grado "
"Martial Arts Weapon's Training and Cardio Fitness Workout. Filipino Kali and Eskrima double stick rounds on the hea "
"Made  Filipino adobo recipe with country style ribs. So good! #AsianAtHome #EasyAndFun "
"To look back is to move forward with fewer mistakes, &amp; literature has already been written to get us there, "
"#CitizenServices is the Filipino access to diverse information on civil registration, passport application, and o "
" : Nakakagalit isipin na a lot of cases of sexual abuse within Filipino families continue unreported because they'd rather save f"
"Why is it almost always the Korean-Americans, on occasion the Chinese-Americans and Vietnamese-Americans, and almos "
"Filipino American Basketball Players looking to attend college and play basketball in The Philippines. Please contact us."
"Gonna make custom Future Reflection shirts that say Hinaharap Reflection for my Filipino friends   "
"SB19 IS A FILIPINO BOY GROUP AND ALMOST ALL OF US BEGAN TO LOWKEY SWERVE FOR THEM HAHAHAHAHAHA "
" :  Idk bro got that Filipino essence"
"MANILA, Philippines are starting to fall into place for up-and-coming Filipino Ramon Gonzales after a tough "
"Living in the Philippines has given me a true, genuine love for my country that I never had in the States.  will "
"I will be interviewed in SBS Filipino (radio) about Filipina agency in interracial digital dating next week. Happy "
" : Love being filipino man.....the best mosh of cultures within a culture "
" : AHA Learning Center Executive Director Jaton Zulueta: Journey with somebody that can keep you in check. If you can love"
"my hatred for filipino youtubers &amp; influencers is on another level"
"A couple of my favorite #Searcy Eats spots are going to be featured in the upcoming season of  Mai "
" : growing up with a filipino family:  never have the chance to speak for yourself out or you be named as "
" : Living with peoples of different cultures in Rome made me discover my Filipino identity more. I realized that we have many tre"
"Trae Young is good. Here is what I got in different languages: -Swahili-German-Danish-Swedish "
"MEXICANS ARE AMAZING PLS I DONT FUCKIN GET WHY PPL KEEP HATING ON THEM.. IM A FILIPINO, FILIPINOS AND MEXICANS AR "
"Let the Debatebetween OTSO DIRETSO's &amp; digong's candidates happen NOW for the people's initiative for VOTERS EDUCAT "
"so what i learned about filipino culture is that because of how traditional my parents are they don't want me being an abg "
"Filipino! ://t.co/6F1pYkCNUJ"
"Similarly, Amy Chua's World on Fire was partly inspired by how her (market minority Chinese) aunt was murdered by h "
"With all this slander, seems like the only loyal filipino boy out here is Jollibee "
"My Filipino sister  I wanna sayaw mga tsoi with you  Funny bictj "
"It never fails, everytime I go to the nail salon they ask me if I Chinese or Filipino "
"my Filipino ass STRUGGLING for the word for 'purple' rn "
"Sarreh. Okay. Sarreh. HAHAHAHAHA. but tbh, intl moots are so fun to DM with. We apologize if sometimes our tweets e "
"i fucking love being filipino"
"I craving Filipino street food: balut, dugo, isaw, Kwek-kwek, tokneneng. My fatassss wants them all "
"Please the very basic concept of public service - Honesty - We should stop voting for candidates who lie intentiona "
"it funny how when filipino speak tagalog, half the sentence is tagalog and the other is english"
"Over n above all, can we just be grateful for all the opportunities each n every Filipino has on a global performan "
"filipino moms SHSHSH "
"Ang Ospital, a Filipino Horror game made by students for their thesis and the game is already out!!! Ssshhheeetttt! "
"Aku bangga dgn #HarimauMalaya U23, wlw tdk berjaya ke  tp korang dah bg yg terbaik... Tdk kalah dlm pering "
"i miss getting warm pandesal and siopaos from the filipino bakery in my grams old neighborhood "
"What about Viet boys and Filipino girls  "
" : Filipino SONEs are the funniest. You guys are the best.#TAEYEONinMANILA  #s_TAEYEON_CONCEinMNL "
"What your nationality?  filipino !! "
""
" your name?. like Denzel Washington! Is that who you named after?, it pronounced "
"tall filipino boys aint shit no caps"
" : A friend pf my parents was talking about his son who used to be a white supremacist but then drastically changed and is now i"
"AHA Learning Center Executive Director Jaton Zulueta: Journey with somebody that can keep you in check. If you can "
"Just drank a yakult for the first time in my life. Danny said what kind of Filipino are you"
" : Many thanks to Christy for her work with the Filipino Veterans Recognition and Education Project (). This n"
"y really letting filipino boys break your heart ...."
"B- sa Filipino??!?!?? me Jose Rizal na, kasi kala ko talaga sasabit ako doon HAHAHAHAHA"
" : Naay Filipino translation ang word nga Orangutan!!! kay Getaruelas (2019), ang mga bata.... ang orangutan sa w"
"Balloon  your a filipino you probably did this#CountryHumans "
"  Hindi dahil atin ang wikang Filipino."
"  Bodu bandu lee, Master-Baaghee-seytuji, ah zamaanehge kolhun ves, boa? verikan libijje nama, "
" That more than most Filipino people I know!!"
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"Filipino fave dish every bday is spaghetti #CountryHumans "
" It so much worse when I get someone I just met who Filipino and asks if I speak Tagalog cause I have "
"Filipino refugee called on the Canadian government to grant asylum to others who aided Mr. Snowden and are still li "
"Lowkey I feel like my dentist is going to  say the same thing but I gonna get it worst from them cause all the staff there are Filipino."
" : HELLO, YES THIS IS ME AGAIN WITH ANOTHER TWEET OF: LET'S ALL SUPPO UPCOMING FILIPINO FILMS THIS WEEK   watch"
" : I stg your Filipino family will be your #1 supporters when you do something good but will ALWAYS be your #1 HATERS when y"
"Throwback... Filipino feminists like Risa Hontiveros had abandoned Mrs Patricia Bautista   "
"*I MADE THIS THREAD FOR EVERY BRAVE FILIPINO OFWs WHO SACRIFICED FOR THEIR FAMILY JUST TO GIVE THEM A GOOD LIFE*"
"So my fellow Filipino ppl gave me a whole new idea saha el khawa mal youm nwali nabda bel ang apr nkamal bel 3arbia"
" I am filipino"
"Damn.. Filipino women are harsh  "
" I.. told you??? Like when i asked the tl who were filipino?? Like a while ago dkdhbd"
"Ele vai tentar arrumar outra merda q vcs fizeram .  dessa cara de filipino e tapado tu tb  peteba isqueirinho "
" Imagine niyo yung filipino accent ng mga dub nila "
" : When you find the right person who makes you happy, don't let them go."
"As much as I despise being a Filipino right now, perhaps, my biggest ironic decision to be ever made is to go to en "
"My inspirational Filipino kween! "
"Filipino Time"
"*Birthday*: Blow your candle, sweetie: I-blow mo na yung cake, beh. "
"  ifb  can really speak tagalog that well tho is that ok even tho im like literally full filipino "
"    In Filipino, there are two meaning of Mahal = Love = Expensive"
" I- IM FILIPINO"
"64. This one is for me, but I'm almost at 12000 credits on Apex, which legend should I get?"
"I going back to Cali in a month. I haven been back in 14 years"
"How do i remove my filipino (chinese) citizenship"
" Idk bro got that Filipino essence"
"Sana yung mas magagandang Filipino films yung naupload sa Netflix, especially indie films. Di na nga sila tumagal s "
" :  Hi Can you please try reacting to a Filipino girl group 4th Power/4th Impact Sings Bang Bang https:/"
" :  Hi  you please try reacting to a Filipino girl group 4th Power/4th Impact Raise the roof with Jes"
" :  Hello  you please try reacting to a Filipino girl group 4th Power/4th Impact Raise the roof with Jes"
" dahil wala pa pong pirma ang sa Filipino at Science"
" KAI SOTTO reconoce la oferta del REAL MADRID "
" my (filipino) mom told me i need to wear sunscreen or i age badly. i was like,  and grandma l "
"filipino baby boys play differently. Periodt. "
" :  Hi  you please try reacting to a Filipino girl group 4th Power/4th Impact Raise the roof with Jess"
"My 13th state: : Grand Canyon, Arizona almost fainted going for this cliff#grandcanyon #arizona "
" :  Kindly react to a Filipino girl group 4th Power/4th Impact Raise the roof with Jessie J hit Auditions"
"it's 2019 be a respectful Filipino "
"MAMATAY NA KUMUHA NG FILIPINO BOOK KO"
" : rt to be added in filo stay gdm!-maingay-walang hiya-filipino syempre-mag tagalog kayo mga par!-friendly dapat-at m"
" : A Filipino woman who sheltered Edward Snowden, the former National Security Agency contractor, when he fled to Hong Kong has "
" : A Filipino actor playing a Filipino character protesting against Rodrigo. Awesome. "
" You said it....... My kids are Mexican/Filipino,  my boyfriend is black/white and I'm Irish/Egyptia "
"Imma say something again in Filipino cause I realise I don do it often"
"y talking about how filipino boys ain it, but THE TRUTH IS CAMBODIAN BOYS AIN IT."
"Why the Spaniards Feared Marcelo H. Del Pilar More Than They Did Jose Rizal "
" :  Favi: I just read about Filipino food having Latino influences! "
"Filipino pre-war architecture located at the heart of a farmland. #ItsMoreFunInThePhilippines  #StaBarbaraGourmet "
"Filipino patients are unique in that family members even to the 2nd/3rd degree are consulted for medical decisions. "
"PSA:  is coming to town folks! ://t.co/TMGhnWKV8I"
" na Rate at lalong tataas pag Malaki ang Padala! Gamitin at Free Online Registration!  Pick- "
"in what language are you more fluent to speak with? japanese or korean?  filipino po hahaha "
" : this thai idol who greeted Lisa is actually half filipino hehe her name is Junji, a cousin of my irl friend  "
"So i yesterday when i got home from school, idk why, pero i watched Suddenly It's Magic of Erich Gonzales and Mario "
" Philippines and Thailand I'm so lucky to have this two beautiful country I'm proud being half Thai "
"Apparently more and more Filipino travelers want their  fix. post Go ice fishing cook your catch... "
" Baragag filipino tanan HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAH"
"Our latest digital edition Filipino Journal is now out!"
" Same lol I grew up seeing all women I know kiss their husband's hand before they go to work and wh "
" : Toxic Filipino Culture? kahit wala silang masyadong alam sa nangyari, ijujudge ka nila."
"Cual es la diferencia entre chino, koreano , filipino y japon? Alguien me dice"
"Filipino migrant workers in Alberta  desperate need of a community centre "
"  My bad. I hope you able to get that Asian queen tour going! Makes my half Filipino h "
"#RepublikaNgNBA series presents Filipino #NBA fan stories ://t.co/EegDtmUPSg "
"The idea of owning a house is a dream come true for every Filipino family. People yearn to have their own abode bec "
"The  Welcomes Local Artists for  Across the Pacific: "
" im not so sure about how it is in thai culture but in filipino culture  is usually what ppl use "
" :  overarching goal of our programs and projects is sustainable tourism as we champion the Filipino farmer and the country"
" hello fellow Filipino."
"Commercially available diapers. Before it was . Filipino word for cloth diapers that is need to be washed a "
" Welcomes Local Artists for  Across the Pacific: "
" You were born in Italy????? (also omf i didn't know you were Filipino too Lesley)"
" Filipino"
" : person: *half white and slightly good looking* industry: OMG BE A MODEL BE AN ACTOR BE A SINGER YES!  we st"
"  Service the electorate, not the Filipino."
"   I'm turning Filipino, I think I'm turning Filipino, I really think so "
" overarching goal of our programs and projects is sustainable tourism as we champion the Filipino farmer and th "
" : Filmmaker  said Monday that Panelo statement that Filipino fishermen are not being harassed by China is a li"
" sml? filipino na eh HAHAHHAHAHA"
" : PH ARMY KA BA? AKO NG GDM BAKA GUSTO MONG SUMALI?  THIS!!! DALAGANG FILIPINA BINATANG FILIPINO OT7  JEONEEEE"
" Ang Makalangit na Daan na Dinaraanan sa Pananampalataya mundo misyon lipunan iglesia  "
"Is it just me or does every filipino mom with fair complexion owns this saint dalfour cream thingy?????"
"A Filipino Steak That Checks All the Weeknight Boxes "
" : All these Filipino show memes that are clustering in my feed are kinda getting annoying. Can I just please have 200IQ memes i"
" Makalangit na Daan na Dinaraanan sa Pananampalataya mundo misyon... ://t.co/9YRS2fJZjt via "
"Her coverage of the 1990 Hotel Delfino Siege earned her the New York Film Festival Award for Coverage of a Breaking "
" HAHAHA. Ganyan naman sila eh, d ka pa ba sanay? That's y, dapat hindi na kinoconnect ang mga korean stars "
"#March27 | On this day in 1964, award-winning Filipino journalist Jessica Soho was born in San Fernando, La Union. "
"Ang toxic ng filipino family amputa di pwedeng maging mali magulang kahit mali talaga sila"
" thats cuz filipino dudes that actually put themselves out there are fucking trash son, as a filipino "
" Cop me a pair fam"
" :  inseong: it [halo-halo (filipino iced mixed fruit dessert)] is delicious  whispered this to heejun bu"
"Yesterday in Filipino class: Ano english ng anak ng inahing ibon?: baby bird  AMP"
"shoutout ng malaking pakyu sa mga sumusunod sa Filipino Time... walay respetong nyawa"
"W A I T YOU FILIPINO??????? BITCH "
"YES, I Filipino but NO, I not obligated to give you a discount just because we both Filipino."
" : My point in recounting this piece is to support my claim that  comes from stock of UNASSAILABLE INTEGRITY. We nee"
" : Me at the start/middle of filipino movie: mehhh... I ain really feeling it.  at end of filipino movie: aye Dios ko! Ang g"
"this thai idol who greeted Lisa is actually half filipino hehe her name is Junji, a cousin of my irl friend  "
" Not me. My pop is Peruvian, mom white. The block in Oakland where I grew up was almost all Filipino th "
"Negrense boxer Donnie Nietes was one of the Filipino boxers that were feted during the annual Gabriel  Elord "
"filipino came thru again &lt;33333"
"It's my mom's bday and we made filipino pork bbq, pansit bihon, and steak. I've never felt more satisfied in my life so far."
" : Grace Poe is now asking the Filipino voters for Emergency Powers to stay in the Senate."
"  Oh that. It called building rapport in patient care. Like how some English speaking patients "
" So I asked some of my friends (Filipino, Turk, Iranian) and they said women don't kiss their husba "
"Well, the Filipino diet and attitude about eating unhealthy food is a contributor too along with lack of education, "
" : no one:'s eyes: "
" : I have worked with many of HNPs candidates and I know the kind of commitment they have to serving the Filipino people. L"
" AswangProject  aswangvr:  AswangProject  dyemosaurus: I just wanna share this to y'all. I read about the "
"POTRAGIS HAHAHAH FILIPINO VERSION NG KIMORA HAHAHAH    "
"More than the issue na hindi naman dapat issue, I hope we watch the episode this saturday to really know the moral "
"} when you and your friend go to a Korean restaurant and get mistaken as a Filipino couple  first off she's not my gf second she's Thai "
"if you liked the page unholy filipino meme page that is not for hypersensitive people on facebook then we probably have the same humor."
"President Rodrigo Duterte may raise China's alleged harassment of Filipino fishermen in Scarborough Shoal when he v "
" : Our united aim is to give every Filipino a comfortable life and bright future through good governance and effective lead"
"I been to the Philippines more times than most of my Filipino friends"
"i can believe y actually let Filipino boys play y... "
"Floating solar testbed to battle Filipino typhoons "
" : I am Jeremy Civil. I am against false truths, and in this coming National elections I will campaign against all candidates wh"
" VOC N  NINGU TBM SEM O MENINO FILIPINO, N ESQUECE HEIN"
"We defeated Chinese soldiers once in Korean War as Filipino soldiers help UN to defend the South Korea from the att "
"Attention Families or survivors of Filipino Veterans in WW2 1943-1954 who died and dint get their share of member p "
"FCK TOXIC FILIPINO TRADITIONS!"
" This is hysterical! Lurve lurve lurve the sarcasm!   formula: First sentence, All English. The "
"Filipino dishes esp sinigang  #DONKISSforMMKGabMaxStory"
"Check out the  #RepublikaNgNBA series, which features the story of Pinoy NBA fans! Catch ep. 1 here "
"Toxic Filipino culture:Nagpaalam na nga lahat lahat , di parin pinayagan. :Di na nagpaalam kase di rin naman p "
"ATM: Launching of the research project 'The Filipino Child and Media: Media Consumption, Parental Mediation, and Cl "
"netflix added all those filipino movies! y watch Sukob if ur not too p*ssy...asians do horror 10x scarier"
"What would you do if you couldn't use the internet or watch TV for a month?  hang out with friends "
" Imma Harlot for Filipino food "
"Twenty-six #Filipino companies will showcase their Halal-certified products on the Malaysia International Halal Sho "
" Mga chinese naman kakaharapin ko. Hindi Japanese kaya ilalaban ko tong filipino time hahahahaha"
"Inigo Pascual, a famous Filipino actor and singer, revealed that his bias is Jungkook.://t.co/cImHSKpG6l "
"The past few years Filipino Food has been trying to have a breakout year. But I see too much Fusion food instead."
" Que tal filipino? UwU"
"Our goal with this list is to shine a light on treasures of the local film industry, made by filmmakers who remain "
" HINTAYEN NEU KO JAN HA HEHEHEHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA UNYA RA KO MO-ANHA INIG HUMAN FIL "
"lol imagine going to a strip club then imagine thinking ur gonna bang a stripper then not get robbed a "
"Dabest talaga ang Filipino time shet"
" A classic Filipino breakfast of eggs, a local type of bacon, and rice "
" : Youre crucifying Liza for not looking typical Filipino pero bat ang idol nyo nagpupumilit magpatangos ng ilong at magmukh"
"jay closing statement in an email to another 20-something year old fil-am who is looking to get involved in the c "
"well my filipino ass says no "
"English - I love you - Je t'aime - Kimi o ai shiteru - Salanghae - Te amo - "
" : All the time CRAIG "
"I don't like wearing glasses, but I also want to have better vision "
"#OPMHighlights Kyla Brad and Niqui Bloomfields Hilaga Tj Monterde hour of PURE OPM "
"One Night in Manila (NightLife + WILD GIRLS)   Dasovich &amp; Frat Boys Bret &amp; Daniel Partying  Philippines Re "
" in Japan will think that a yakuza tattoo if you get it...I a short Filipino girl lol sooooo"
"  16 mil Filipino idiot ang sabihin mo, addict."
"Filipino Pride  "
" : Me: *leaves rice scooper on rice pot* Filipino ass mom: I wish you were more responsible"
"Apart from its amazing islands  The Philippines  is also a thriving country #proud #filipino #travel "
"Dude Cha is Filipino and puts rice with literally anythinggggg. Anything I'd pair with a potato. And she says every "
" : Your glasses can throw off a whole outfit. Sometimes you gotta be like  fuck it  &amp; show up to the function blind af  ht"
"I just got called a Filipino ninja"
" : Filipino-Japanese beauties,    many s for #KaoRina?#PBB8BatchONEandONLY "
"Why do the #SDLive creative team have such hate for NXT alum?  Rusev, Nakamura, Joe, and Asuka are such great worke "
" : We are nearly there! MPQ Travel &amp; Tours USA will soon open its doors to give the best travel and tour services in the gre"
" :  V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
" : Hi everyone!! Please help my friend graduate! She needs 30 users, preferably women ages 17+ to do a user test for thei"
" : Pag naka 74 ako pababa sa filipino nakuu babyee hahahaha"
" Hello PE: Filipino Folk Dance.  she makes us sit down and she demonstrates how to do the fig "
"Naay Filipino translation ang word nga Orangutan!!! kay Getaruelas (2019), ang mga bata.... ang orangutan s "
"Crafted by Filipino artisans from sustainably sourced fabrics and #Filipinoweaves, our Zelda Sling Bag by "
" not sure tho pero pag vowels ung sinusundan R pero may mga certain rules pa yan. lam mo naman ang Fi "
"My family and I met the nicest lady in the filipino store today"
"nauumay ka rin ba sa mga jonel nang jonel kasi putangina nakakarinde punyeta  Filipino normemes yuck "
"Filipino citizens din sila at karamihan sa kanila ay mayroong binubuhay na pamilya, where being in the AFP is their "
" 1st. time I heard this rap song, l had  pulled off a road &amp; breathed in every word. (The beat was AWB-s "
"Yung feeling na 93 na sana yung pinakababa mong grade tapos hayop yung filipino na subject,ba't ka ba 88 tangina "
" Yes! Pinoys under our most &amp; Commonly Values &amp; as a Nation  the "
" julienne + june 23 + she/her + filipino + doyum + jinsung"
"Hi everyone!! Please help my friend graduate! She needs 30 users, preferably women ages 17+ to do a user test for t "
"The best filipino animated 3-D. di mo to alam kasi puro ka Ben 10. "
"I miss homecooked filipino food. Wish my parents come back from the Philippines ;w;"
"   says the intention of the government is to honor all of its loan obligatio "
"  Correct.  If an ALP MP had done what Christensen has done, and been investigated by the A "
"Filipino "
"  Lemme just join a Filipino community real quick"
" : The Philippine military is verifying latest reports that China is driving away Filipino fishermen in Panatag Shoal or S"
" : Can this Filipino boy slander stop"
"calculus,,,, and filipino,,,, goodbye"
"Eerie is one of the best Filipino horror films and it opens today in cinemas. Must watch. Maraming gulat at creepy "
" Paumanhin po biglang nag bago ang aking pananaw, mas gugustuhin ko pa pala ang isang pag uusap gamit "
" oh i'm sorry, i thought u are a filipino, bc of the word 'chismosa'"
"Wala na napasok sa utak ko lintik na Filipino yaan ee kadami kakaumay ee hahaha"
" r u a filipino? or not?"
"There was an election 2016 to elect a Filipino President. Paano tayo Chinese na. Hindi naman yan ang binoboto natin "
" - super love your layout and are u a filipino? if so, hi mamsh"
"Filipino can do simple and proper etiquettes."
"  chief downplays fears China may seize Reed Bank.  Is not China already in occupation of Reed Bank "
"Filipino time"
"May kasabihan tayong mga Filipino, Asarin mo na ang lasing, huwag lang ang bagong gising. totoo lang, ito ang "
"Nationals MP George Christensen spent more time in Manila than he did in Parliament for two years in a row after fa "
"half of my tl is in PH I- should i start to learn Filipino??? "
"mom: why do so many foreigners pursue trans filipino women???? oHmYgAhD hUmAniTy!!!!!!!:: w-why not tho?"
"every other Filipino I know: can sing: sounds like I forgot to take my asthma pump"
" : Last time we got Wendy from Red Velvet, Kihyun from Monsta X and this time we got James Reid a Filipino actor, Hyunwoo a"
" : English: 74: 75: 73: 77 picture: 658"
"miss my filipino frans &lt;"
"..: Mount Timbac, Atok, Benguet..#JuandeRen #asian #filipino "
"Unpopular Opinions: Filipino edition"
"B&amp;B MAGING FILIPINO TIME NAMAN KAYO SA THURSDAY OHHH:((( 8PM UWIAN KO IH:("
"no one: parents: soft drink "
"Many thanks to Christy for her work with the Filipino Veterans Recognition and Education Project (). Thi "
" (that last response really puzzled me because I'm like, you're not Singaporean, why would it repre "
"when I don't even know my own identity? The same goes for my current book. How can I effectively write about Filipi "
"to remind me of our history, etc. I always envied my friends for the rich and vibrancy of their culture. There was "
"I'm biracial - Filipino and Indian but I didn't grow up immersed in those cultures. Even when in my own countries, "
" I think that a Filipino thing lol"
"group of filipino teens rhat r near me,,,, please leave ..........."
"where can i dl Filipino films in hd? send help (or links if u can)"
"Happy Birthday Lalisa Manoban Our Queen! God bless you! Fighting!! Filipino blinks will always support you! Mwaaahh "
" : #100MIFG  achievements are directly proportional to your sweat, blood, and tears, that I had to endure, says Mario"
" : Did ya forget about Filipino Kai "
" : this radiates filipino mom energy.: ma, sakit ng puson ko: dahil sa kaka cellphone mo yan sige cellphone pa??????"
"Travel Log 4: Market &amp; Harbor sampai di Pasar Filipino, Kota Kinabalu. Survey ikan di pasar borong dan jeti ke "
" : Heyyyy I'm Maggie, a part-Filipino animator, character designer, and storyboard artist based in California  I like playin"
"gusto koo sanaa na filipino teacher ulit adviser ko sa grade 10 owo hdjsns"
" : Let's get it ! Follow to play!  #StreamersPh #Filipino #apex #legends "
"7 or 8 daw hintayan puta mga di pa pala nakagayak  filipino time palagi e ano higeeee"
"Kung kaya mo namang english-in yung tao gawin mo na. It's not about being a proud Filipino anymore.  get it, may "
"Filipino time "
"Asan ang mga Filipino? Sino ang mga bayani sa panahon na ito? #ManilaEncounter"
" Si Daniel Matsunaga hindi naman Filipino, Bakit sya nanalo? Bawal bang manalo pag hindi Filipino? Nasa "
"  lol ikr. it's fine when indo and msian do it because i can understand them. But most of i "
"Ang p.e na 4 ka dances ang buhaton, every wed pa jud ang performance day. Every night halos 12mn na makauli kay res "
"Filipino Accountant required Urgently (Dubai) "
"My classmate asked me,  why do you smell like vicks? BITCH MY MOM IS A FUCKING FILIPINO."
"how tf are both mexican and filipino parents known for being hella lenient with their kids drinking and i have both "
"Happy birthday my bias..thank you for existing ..filipino blinks love you so much  Lalisa Manoban..#AceLalisaDay "
"I guess it is just a Filipino thing. I highly recommend though it makes sour pineapple taste sweeter "
"Congrats, Jej Vinson!  |  "
"1979 : Ljubomir Rejouis translated Koko kaupungin Vinski from Filipino to Abkhazian"
" : A young Filipino transwoman got to wear one during her graduation from a Catholic school in Naga City. "
"Parang binenta na ng presidente ang kalahati ng pagkatao ko ang pag ka filipino ko #ManilaEncounter"
" filipino timeee"
"- drew demonic shit on my hand- hurt my arm- started planning a new au- almost asked my parents if i could trans "
"#tourismtuesday Travel back to Old Manila when you step foot in Las Casas Filipinas de Acuzar. Home to collection o "
" : I seen something special about  since the day we met. And that thing is that he 1/8 Filipino."
" Aww that is so kind of you guys! But how about your filipino fans ?"
"i guess people just like a filipino heroin with white complexion??? aish the design's cool man "
"Just cause I Filipino doesn mean like to sing OR dance  I can do both"
" bryanulanday: Happening Now: Filipino teen sensation Kai Sotto's sendoff before his departure in a mission to re "
"WATCH: Filipino singer Jej Vinson advances to next round of  Voice US "
" *cries in filipino* pleaaaase add MNL!!!!!"
" It filipino "
"mundo is one of the best songs I ever heard and made me want to learn Filipino 100x more"
"Filipino blinks are so whipped#ACELISADAY #AceLalisaDay #GlobalPhenomenoban "
"okaaaay filipino time man gyapon"
"   It depends on what your gonna say actually. Filipino related, Tag "
"The new Steve of Blues Clues is a Filipino."
"Duterte to raise harassment of Filipino fishermen with Xi Jinping "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino #Personajes "
" Filipino time. Joke."
"you can escape momoland if you filipino "
"Filipino memes eto ka ba stalker na feeling maganda ha buti na lang dinkita friend sa fb  mo na lng to  ka ba?"
"8:30 ulit. Filipino time ang YG. Lol."
"pinoy yata to si yg eh, praktisado ang filipino time eh"
"Yay! 2nd Jollibee in New Jersey  Filipino Fast-Food Chain Jollibee Is Coming to Journal Square "
"Colors of a Filipino breakfast: Fried Galunggong and Abu, tomatoes from Bicol (still very fresh). Brewed Sagada Ara "
"And some more Filipino friends they be lit!! Lol the few i have now be having me rolling"
"inangyan filipino time yg? feeling filipino amp"
"TRADE Secretary Ramon Lopez: Filipino-Chinese business owners, conglomerates should buy their materials from micro, "
" Pelakunya Ada di Singapore  Ada di Filipino  yg dongo itu yg dengerin atau yg n "
"where is it??! you yg r u a filipino???"
" Gina kulbaan kos Filipino ambot ngano"
".  presenting his research with #Filipino late-life immigrants to the Asian Caucus of t "
"Wala lang share ko lang filipino guy is so chismoso kase"
" _felixstteok_:  THIS WORD TO ALL FILIPINO STAYS(This is a thread)  kids is having a concert here on April 27th, If yo"
"Sana all katulad ni mam filipino"
"Anyone Filipino Armys, Nctzens, Carats, Blinks, Once , and TXT Fans that wants to be friends Dahel si ate girl di m "
"We are nearly there! MPQ Travel &amp; Tours USA will soon open its doors to give the best travel and tour services in t "
" : 190326 PJH Debut Showcase: MAY, ako po si Park Jihoon. must really love his PH MAYs so much that he reme"
"Damn all this Filipino movies at Netflix that I have to watch "
"tamang pasahan lang ng exam sa filipino hahaha"
"As an offshoot of the Ambassadors, Consuls General &amp; Tourism Directors Tour of the Philippines (ACGTDT), the Winte "
" this is me when aku tengok orang filipino using tagalong after english"
" Also this time I thought David Bautista was Latino. The last name threw me off Greek and Filipino."
" : The video demonstrates a new category:  solar ... not just floating in calm waters  tetchi capellan for shar"
"Para los que no me creyeron en el cole cuando les dije que hab un dulce filipino que se llama puto, incluyendo al "
" : Just discovered this amazing horror filmmaker! Check this out and her whole YouTube channel. Animated Filipino Horror"
" i read this first as filipino behavior investigation"
"On my flight home I think a Filipino mother adopted me. She gave me her business card and said I can stay with her "
" : Hey there, I'm Patt! I'm a Filipino-American 3D artist and a game developer. I have a variety of art styles but now I'm f"
" : TOXIC FILIPINO CULTURE: yung taong nadapa instead na tulungan.  guilty of this. Let all be kind human "
" : how the panel questions the housemates represent the toxic filipino culture as a whole"
" : toxic filipino culture: di ka makapag decide para sa sarili mong buhay"
" If you need flan advice ive made dozens of them in my time as a filipino grandchild"
" : List of pahirap sa buhay ng ABM: Practice Set Business Plan sa Org Business Plan Proposal sa         Business Mat"
" HAHAHAHHA tangina filipino pala to"
"this radiates filipino mom energy.: ma, sakit ng puson ko: dahil sa kaka cellphone mo yan sige cellphone p "
"  long time no see!! I really surprised we kept in touch the longest out of everyone from the chat?!? Maybe "
" Is this Filipino, or am I wrong lolol"
"Danny Kingad impressive 9-1 record tells a bright future ahead of the Filipino warrior. |  "
"please Filipino community their is none Buena Park Right Malia Facebook name she my bloodline Tate Jamaican mixtur "
"filipino done"
"Toyo Eatery, Filipino chef Jordy Navarra's brainchild, is ranked among the best in Asia, according to an annual lis "
" winish lang na mamatay na siya galit na galit ka na, pero yung madaming pinapatay si digong na mga filip "
"Sarap isumpa yung filipino"
" : Urban farming is really taking off in modern first world cities. More emphasis from our LGUs will help spread awareness"
"TOXIC FILIPINO CULTURE: yung taong nadapa instead na tulungan.  guilty of this. Let all be kind h "
" This looks like the Filipino dessert - Taho "
"  as i get more passionate throughout the tweet bigla nalang nagiging filipino siya at BAKET"
" : As if during your time the Filipino fishermen were allowed entry in Scarborough shoal. At least now, entry is out of the q"
" : #PeleaDelSigloMTVyTLA  #MayPac #MayweatherPacquiao  El primero en salir es el filipino Manny Pacquiao "
"  Hala! pinahaba mo na ang discussion na ito abt retoke nakaabot pa sa Filipino pride.. it "
" : they need to be giving everybody this energy today or shut up cuz I tired. If Jennifer Lopez is gonna crash and burn"
"  Salamaat is thank you in Filipino. You say Zor supas in Kurdish "
"i like fumiya at yamyam kc both are  funny.. pero khit papaano nai-judge din nman nila c Lou.. c Yamyam may attitud "
" I thought you don like being Filipino "
" : So what's wrong with all that? A Congress composed of POPULARLY-ELECTED people REPRESENT the will of the Filipino electorate."
"I JUST WANT SO MANY FILIPINO FOODS RIGHT NOW AND IM NOT GOING HOME UNTIL APRIL 12th, WHAT IS A GIRL SUPPOSED TO DO"
"10 midgets dressed as a horse spank a filipino german hooker with a tire iron on the forehead"
"Gusto ko yung Filipino remake ng Friends!!!!  .. Pero para maiba ng konti,  na lang! "
"filipino time nga naman ohh"
" You can ask though. Most of the time we're willing to translate and PLEASE DO NOT USE GOOGLE TRANSLATE "
"they need to be giving everybody this energy today or shut up cuz I tired. If Jennifer Lopez is gonna crash and b "
"filipino time as always "
"  the stories are the best!!! Such typical Filipino parents "
"Let's get it ! Follow to play!  #StreamersPh #Filipino #apex #legends #champion #follow #and #lets #play"
" Mas nakakainis Yung movie na Filipino dubbed hahah"
"Dear , why do I keep seeing Chinese/China-related ads on my feed?! I not Chinese, I a proud Filipino! these ads!"
"  Idk most of my Filipino friends have like a bit of an accent because we still speak Tagalog at home. "
"I want my toes licked by a Filipino immigrant"
" a sushi feast def with uni, or filipino fried chicken and lumpia, or hot &amp; sour soup with side of dum "
"Wooow akala mo naman laki ng naitulong mo sa bansa as a Filipino pwe  "
"El gigante filipino de 16 a por el que se pelea media ACB "
"Sounds like a filipino party "
" : Hi everyone! I wrote about attending the first National Forum on Filipino American Mental Health, and how the convo is being a"
"Halo Halo Love   Elena's Home of Finest Filipino Foods "
"sometimes i think about becoming vegetarian but that wouldn happen in my filipino household"
"Getting some movie vibes from this pic  Stunning pic of filipino_z33 photogenic STi  Thanks for the pic and tha "
" This person can't regain the sympathy and cooperation of the Filipino people. He does not deserved the rig "
"Filipino time man ito"
"The true pioneer of the BPO industry  you opened so many opportunity for the young and the filipino m "
"Yung mga filipino fans na nagcocomment ng negative kayo yung mga dapat kinakahiya e. "
" True mamshie. Again, another toxic Filipino habit "
"It emotional day so naturally I started crying happy tears when I read this headline because it a Filipino Stev "
"Wala naman daw sinasabi sa bagong batas na kailangang gawa sa metal ang mas malaking plaka ng motorsiklo. "
" : And bob is half Filipino and half white Irish. But most of you seem to erase literally 50% of his ethnicity."
" Yeah, inchindi/intsindi/intindi means understand xD SAME my lowest grade in school is filipino rip :((("
"This means I have to mimic my parents Filipino accent more on the air  "
" : wahhh here jihoon making it up to filipino mays, remember his last vlive he spoke different languages and yall were sad"
"NAIA Consortium, a team of Filipino conglomerates, offered to rehabilitate, expand, operate and maintain the Ninoy "
"4 places in #Portland to shake off winter blues: Filipino Boodle Fight at The Sinful Kitchen!  Traditional Kamayan "
"This nice teacher has a creative way of motivating his students. I wished my grade school teacher was like that, to "
"Pressured na pressured na po ako mga mam ser, bakit pa kasi kailangang English yung speech. Takte kung Filipino lan "
" On the total opposite end of the spectrum as a 10 year old I accidentally fell asleep on a middle aged Fil "
" Obligado sila kasi China lang ang nagpapautang na may kasamang suhol kay Duterte at sa mga tuta niya. Kawa "
"filipino film : will you love me now : no be patient : i realize love isn just handed to you people l "
"Mad online? Couldn't be me. Filipino "
" TRUEEEE!!! FILIPINO VINES!!!!"
"I realized today that I AM in fact an alien, and while I am thankful for my Filipino/Dutch/Spanish/French etc  eart "
"Netflix has Filipino movies my heart is full"
" : "
" : This dish sounds like a title of an 80 filipino movie to me  Sugpo Sa Taba Ng Talangka starring Vilma Santos and Ji"
" C sen sonny angara ang mabuti at loyal kaya mahal ng taong Filipino.  na sinilangan Syay lubos na gumagalang"
" filipino"
"When I'm having a depressive episode I go ham on filipino snacks "
"  I don think it was  influenced by the westerns. More like it was the so-called  "
"Barbatos is basically the Filipino gundam "
"TIL that my Russian coworker calls me  Filipino Mountain "
" since nagkaroon ako ng followers na di Filipino iniisip ko kung english na rin ba tweets ko but nah, ga "
"I Mexican and sad think is I don know much mexican dishes but ask me about Thai and Filipino dishes and I got you lol "
"I think I cook more Filipino or Thai food than  does lol"
"Speak english is my true language than filipino."
"I always forget that  is Filipino. He doesn't sound like an Asian on the radio. "
" : Dear Followers and Visitors, Good Morning to You All  Real Kabayan is #Star_Markets #Jeddah #Yanbu#Filipino #Fi"
"Mas mabuti pang tanggalin niyo nalang ang Filipino kasi mismong guro tinatamad magturo. "
"on the phone w my (Filipino) godmother and some things she said: - your tears are expensive honey - you are entit "
"wala pa kaming nauumpisahan sa Filipino, galaw galaw din guys"
"Seriously. Cute Filipino guys that can sing. WHATS UP WITH YOU?! Y get me cheesed  "
" : ang true pure Pinay ay mga Aeta .brown race came from Malaysia when 10 Bornean datus migrated here in PH. baka d yun alam n"
"Makainis yung filipino accent mo hawd mashado  lumaki kase ako ng Tagalog language ng family ko, specially my mom. "
"Filipino mind set*:Pag pinaglaban mo, defensive kang gag* ka.:Pag nanahimik ka na man, guilty ka.:Pag may mga "
"are any of you part filipino bc y seem to be running on filipino time "
" pero tinuod bitaw late nasad na magstart HAHAHAHA. Filipino time baya. "
" Every filipino know this song HAHAHAHAHA nice galing ko kaya 'yan"
" filipino"
"'Sarah Ann' - but my parents didn't like how it sounded like 'siraan' ('break' or 'ruin' in Filipino) when they pro "
"Relatives/my parents Filipino friends: What your major?: Graphic design: ....Not nursing? "
"wala pa pala ko sa filipino"
" OH YESSS HAHAHA FILIPINO KA?"
"Dalagang Filipino? HAHAHA so gay"
"Do not speak or text in filipino language to your non-speaking friend/crush/whatever about things that you don wa "
"Live footage of me binge watching Filipino romance movies on Netflix.  I am addicted and I am here for it. "
"kalimot ko kauban diay nakos joweel nabiktima nuon siyas 'filipino time' nako hahahahaha"
"Freedom Summit Philippines "
"Multistreaming with We live in interesting times. "
" filipino "
"WATCH: Eagle News International, Filipino Edition  March 27, "
"Growing up Filipino you know that tattooing your bf/gf name on your body is bad luck and that y will not last t "
"        "
" Me trying to read the filipino comments here "
"Tough, but "
"A friend of mine once told me na Part ra na sa pagdisiplina mikay, sabta nalang kay para sad nas imuha. it's p "
"Sad lang noh kai dili ra sa gobyerno ang naay corrupt. And by corrupt, i mean the Filipino way of harap-harapan corruption."
"mans said actual genuine filipino fuck boy "
"If travelling is your thing, maybe this self-made young millionaire can make your dream come true.  ^_^ Want to giv "
"    im just imagining some random Filipino taking something and going let's try this on rice toda "
"Dear diary, I gave my dog some Filipino snacks thinking they wouldn like it and now they won leave me alone."
"finally a youtuber who is filipino speaking up about mental health "
"THIS ONE REMINDS ME OF THAT ASTRO FILIPINO AU FHHFHFBF "
"yo these filipino soap operas are really depressing.."
"your favorite mexican/filipino sisters  "
" :   i meant to add  after filipino lmao my bad ,, but i mean in terms of girls like when i was studyin"
"El gigante filipino de 16 a por el que se pelea media ACB "
"  i meant to add  after filipino lmao my bad ,, but i mean in terms of girls like when i was "
"Bye hoe"
"When you can make a hoe move to another state "
"L &gt; I only recently became okay with the fact that I'm naturally tan. I struggled with it for a long time when I "
" Ahaha aha wait why she was Filipino tho"
"And bob is half Filipino and half white Irish. But most of you seem to erase literally 50% of his ethnicity."
"Today we had three curated sessions with friends from the UCL Filipino Society and SOAS Filipino Society, our guest "
" Im telling you this gotta b the same filipino girl"
"Hi, guys. Can you help our Filipino  fisherfolks save their livelihood by retweeting this? Let's use Twitter to cre "
"Ube Halaya is a classic dessert in the Philippines, a sweet pudding-like jam made with grated purple yam and sweet "
" God bless brodie! Review ka sa English, Filipino, Math, Logic, at Manalangin hehe"
"di ko alam seat ko sa filipino lolol"
"Nakakatamad ng pumasok lalo nat may lesson pa sa filipino"
"Quick Filipino-Style Rib-Eye Steaks (Bistek Tagalog) "
"A Filipino Steak That Checks All the Weeknight Boxes "
"Don't call yourself filipino unless you fucks with Kare Kare. "
"Let's break it down for you idiots who still don't know:/Echo is WHITE./Lexa is WHITE./Bellamy is "
" : The panel represents the toxic filipino culture/ hypocrites in today society  ka wla kang substance  p"
" : Whatever it is, you did your best. Forgive yourself and let it go."
"Met some Filipino seamen in my flight. Very inspiring to hear their stories."
"Abi nakog na charge  is wrong"
" It our Filipino genes gurl"
" Filipino dads in their local leagues"
"Join our Filipino community in PS4 called the We are Filipino Apex Legend. friendly and loves to have fun."
"i was scrolling through my twitter and i see everyone saying things that i don understand... hindi ko alam... THATS FILIPINO!!!"
"This dish sounds like a title of an 80 filipino movie to me  Sugpo Sa Taba Ng Talangka starring Vilma Sa "
"Toxic Filipino Culture: lalaki ka, Gago ka"
" filipino and engliiish"
"  Hang on. I'm certainly no fan of GC but so long as he paid for the travel and it was not i "
"  Filipino families too!"
"Temple of Garni, Armenia.  the only standing Greco-Roman colonnaded building in Armenia and the former Soviet Un "
" V: Duterte, el F filipino "
"Toxic Filipino trait: if you not thinking/dreaming about working abroad, mababaw pangarap mo."
"Meet the Pinoy chef-couple making room for Filipino cuisine in Canberra | F&amp;B Report Magazine "
"filipino carats are having a beer garden event that so cute can we PLEASE do a carat tailgate next time svt does a US tour"
"Whole filipino ka po ba?  Nope "
"Goodmorning RESEARCH&amp;W masarap matulog kesa mag pa stress sa requirements HAHAHA!"
" Soy un hombre filipino de treinta y nueve a."
"  asjdfkfk stan twitter's first learned filipino word seems to be putangina hahaha"
"I like to give an honest shout-out to the 100 or so Filipino folks who thought I was this other Joy Hernandez, fo "
